 Shot to look exactly like a 1940s film , even down to Steven Soderbergh using 1940s lenses and vintage black and white cameras , but with added bad language and sporadic violence , The Good German unfortunately ends up feeling like one of his sporadic exercises in style over content . At its heart there 's an intriguing story with a strong moral hook as George Clooney 's correspondent for Stars and Stripes finds himself distracted from covering the Potsdam Conference in a devastated Germany by the murder of his black marketeering driver Tobey Maguire , which neither the Russians nor the Americans want investigated . Just to complicate matters , Maguire 's girlfriend -LRB- who he hired out to lonely GIs -RRB- turns out to be not just Clooney 's pre-war ex but the wife of the personal secretary to a Nazi rocket scientist and war criminal who both sides are very eager to get their hands on - but not for reasons they might want to get out.Sadly , it never really gels . Clooney is kept offstage for much of the first twenty minutes , only really entering the plot long after it 's set in motion but suddenly forcing it into a dead stop as his backstory has to be explained and his character properly introduced , sidelining the mystery and taking too long to give a reason to care about him . More curiously , despite seeming the most Old Hollywood of modern leading men he does n't quite look right in a classic setting , a problem shared by Cate Blanchett , who seems to be trying too hard to force Marlene Dietrich and Ingrid Bergman into her character and not managing to pull it off . It 's a shame , because there 's quite a lot that is good about The Good German , but it 's concentrating too self-consciously on the surface trick of looking like an old movie but sounding like a modern one to ever really concentrate on the story and characters , which always seem to be much less of a priority . As a result , despite a good twist ending , by the time we get to the all-too-obviously Casablanca-inspired airport finale , we simply do n't care whether Clooney and Dietrich get on the plane together or part . You 'd be better off just watching Jacques Tourneur 's Berlin Express instead.No extras on the DVD .
 I 'm not sure I watched the same movie as those who wrote good reviews for this film . The script was bad and the direction was so `` look at how clever I am '' at every moment that it was extremely tiresome . I have no idea why Cate Blanchett took this role . She 's a good actor , but this movie is just wrong for her - as wrong as her accent . George Clooney , who is an actor I usually enjoy watching , was very clunky and awkward in this role . I do n't really blame the actors here . I think the director is at fault . He wanted an incredibly stylized performance and movie , and he got it , to the detriment of acting , cinematography and plot . And where did they dig up the `` Russian '' actors ? The `` Russian '' they were speaking was bad enough I did n't know whether to laugh or cry . The ending is really bad.I gave the movie two stars because I think if even a few people are inspired to find out more about Operation Paperclip , the OSS program to bring Nazi scientists to the US , then the various aesthetic sins of the film can be offset in some way . Look it up . Nazis were protected from prosecution so they could bring their scientific expertise for use by the US government . You get some sense of it from the movie , but it was a large program and more people should know about it .
 The Good German includes some clever b & w cinematography and makes effective use of contemporary footage , but all in all the movie is a mess . The incredibly bad editing of what is primarily an artsy film results in a fractured and barely comprehensible story-line . The sophomoric moralizing and slightly veiled anti-American message -LRB- we wanted to obtain German rocket technology regardless of the immorality of the German scientists who embodied it -RRB- further detracts from this particular piece of vanity . Every aspect of the movie pails in comparison to the Third Man and Casablanca . Unforgivably it totally lacks suspense - though the genre and the story cry out for it . In fact , the only thing that the movie has going for it - the powerful depiction of the utter physical and social destruction of Berlin - and that might make it interesting as part of a HS History or German class is wrecked by one gratuitous sex scene . The acting is OK but strained - everybody tries too hard to act like they did in the 40s and 50s .
 While the first season of Veronica Mars will always be one of my favorite seasons of any show , the latter years just can not compete . I found the second season too convoluted , and I thought Veronica 's likability was starting to fade . The third season , however , is much too simplified . And the worst offense ? Veronica Mars , the title character , becomes a complete Mary-Sue . Her sleuthing skills are nowhere near the vicinity of season one , yet everyone falls in love with her and superior `` gift . '' Her college professor wants to vouch for her for an FBI internship , and the college dean writes a glowing letter of recommendation . She 's able to stay on top of her college grades while working cases and cooking dinner for her father , and she requires no time or adjustment to do so . And not only does she have Logan Echolls madly in love with her and willing to do anything to protect her , but now we have the annoying character of Piz -LRB- Wallace 's college roomie -RRB- following after her.Veronica has always been an attractive and smart character , but these things continue to happen despite her coldness , her smugness , her arrogance . You wait and wait , expecting her to be set up for a fall so she can see the error of her ways , but it never happens . It 's obvious that the creator of the show is head-over-heels for his character , and it feels like he 's lost the necessary objectiveness . Veronica is right , you 're wrong . Even if you 're a member of the audience.This would be more bearable if there was n't SO MUCH Veronica this year . The first two seasons did a much better job of balancing screentime , so even though it 's a show with a title character , it felt like an ensemble cast . But this year , the amazing talent from the rest of the actors was wasted . Logan had no real storyline outside of Veronica , Wallace all but disappears for episodes at a time , and Weevil is hardly ever on-screen . The utter waste of Jason Dohring -LRB- Logan -RRB- hurts the most , as Logan is transformed into the `` boyfriend '' character , and his sickle wit dies with his screen-time . In the end , it 's just too much Veronica and not enough everyone else , coupled with a dumb-downed version of a once very smart show .
 Based on a lot of the reviews that are already posted here , I do n't think there are a whole lot of people calling it like it is . So , I will take it upon myself to be the voice of truth about VERONICA MARS season 3 . There are 5 star people raving about it because they love the show and are unwilling to accept the truth and there are 1 star people who are n't giving the 3rd season a fair assesment.There is not a single show on TV , not a single one , that my wife and I do n't flock to week to week , other than VERONICA MARS and the 3rd season was no exception . As the 3rd season played out , we found ourselves completely involved as we had been the previous 2 season , all the way up to the midseason cliff hanger . A serial rapist . A murder on campus . All the suspense and mystery was in tact and juicy as ever.Then , when the show started back up , all the things that we had gotten involved in were solved in the first handful of episodes . The following episodes were , for lack of better words , UNEVENTFUL . All the way up to the odd and uncomfortable season finale that ended with the yawning cast of a vote.Even my wife was shocked at the abrupt and uneventful ending . What did they do ? What happened ? Did the writers lose interest ? Did the network pull the plug on the show before they wrote the final episodes ? This is what I think . Personally , I believe the only thing that explains the weak ending of the 3rd season would be that the writers and producers knew that the CW had given up on them . So , they in turn , gave up on the CW.All speculation aside , VERONICA MARS fell off the table halfway through the 3rd season . The charm and personality of the characters and actors involved was still intact , but the stories being told were in par with a fledgling show instead of a show that has given us some of the best television moments around over it 's 2 1/2 prior seasons.The CW just needs to face the facts . The ratings that they 're suffering are n't because of quality of show , but because of lack of STATIONS and lack of bribing the NIELSON and ARBITRON companies ... like the big boys do ... cause we 're watching ... and unfortunately , we 're not watching VERONICA MARS anymore .
 The first two seasons of Veronica Mars were fantastic television . Then , the CW destroyed it . It 's common knowledge that they wanted Rob Thomas to change up the formula of the show , and take away the season-long mystery , which was really the best part of the show . Add in a few annoying cookie-cutter California teen characters and you have a horrible 90210 melodrama that just happens to bear the Veronica Mars name . `` Liek omg is Logan and Veronica going to make up lol ? '' becomes the basis for the whole show . The final episode of the series , however , is a wonderful return to quality , and is really the only thing I can recommend watching out of this season . Stick to the first two , and just pretend that this did n't happen .
 I loved Veronica Mars . Season one was spectacular . Season two wobbled a bit , but there was still so much good that I was overjoyed that it was given a third season . Now I wish it had n't . There are so many things wrong with season three I barely know where to begin . There was the most hateful , sexist portrayal of feminists outside of neoconservative hate speech . And the re-writing of events from previous seasons to such a ludicrous degree that it felt like none of the writers had even seen the show before , ever . Then there was the marginalization of Wallace , the really weird and inappropriate joking between Keith and Veronica that bordered on pedophilia . How about the oh so funny male rape jokes ? And I have n't even gotten to Veronica yet ! There was not one sympathetic thing about her this season . She was hard and cold and cruel . I could n't identify with her on any level whatsoever . I highly recommend , if you truly loved Veronica Mars in the first two seasons , just skip this season and pretend the show ended after two seasons . It 's not worth watching , not even for ` completeness ' .
 I bought this series on 8-22 for my girlfriend . We both have rather busy lives and she does n't get a chance to watch a whole lot of tv . I also bought the second season for her as well . -LRB- no problem with that one -RRB- ... By the time she got around to watching the series the 30 day return policy had expired . The dvds did not play properly and I have no way of returning then for an exchange . Just wanted to make a note to anyone interested . Need to see if they play properly before the return time runs out . Now I 'm stuck with a series that 's no good : / ...
 Never have I seen a show rest so completely on its past laurels . Was the first season of Veroinca Mars fine and compelling television ? Yes , it was . The same can not be said for the later years , with this final season being the most creatively bankrupt and oddly self-impressed . Veronica Mars as a show and as a character are unrecognizable here . Even putting the misogynistic , homophobic and nonsensical storylines aside , Veronica Mars still manages to commit the cardinal sin of all entertainment
 I think it 's kind of telling that the third season could barely pull two million viewers . A lot of the characters I enjoyed watching -LRB- Wallace , Weevil , Mac , Lamb , etc. -RRB- were relegated to appearing once every 6 episodes or so . Veronica 's still snarky and bitter even though she 's had no reason to be since Season 1 . Jason Dohring puts in a performance as Veronica 's doormat . All I can say for the third year is hey , the new opening credits looked nice , and maybe there are a good 3 or 4 episodes in the lot . Veronica might have been better off if it had been like Freaks & Geeks - brilliant but ended way too early after only one year . By the end of Season 3 it really was more like `` Why is this show still on the air ? ''
 not only was the last disc cracked , but the third and fourth disc were missing !! someone went to to alot of trouble to make this disc set look new in a sealed package , what a scam !!
 The cast of this show are surrounded by Gumbies , and knights who say `` Neeh '' , and the Lumberjacks who sing the Lumberjack song . Yes , I am saying Monty Python 's Flying Circus has more laughs and talent then this brainless show .
 `` Veronica Mars '' used to be a hard-to-miss show for me . While I was never one to consider it `` the best ever '' -LRB- this kind of hyperbole is cheap and basically untrue -RRB- , I loved it for what it was
 I loved the first season of Veronica Mars . The second season was good despite it 's faults . The third left me with a giant mental question mark . Part of the problem was that the show switched networks and had to accomidate a new audience that would be coming in with little to no knowledge of what happened previously on the show . To deal with that , the writers decided to abandon the season long mystery arcs that the show had used earlier -LRB- Lily Kane 's murder in Season 1 and the bus crash in Season 2 -RRB- in favor of 2 `` mini arcs '' several episodes each and final five stand alone episodes . While I see the reasoning behind the decision to do this the show suffered from a lack of cohesiveness . But that was a minor problem for this season.When we first met Veronica she was a high school junior whose world had been turned upside down . Her best friend had been brutally murdered , her boyfriend had dumped her without explanation , her father had lost his job and become a local outcast and her mother had left town . To top it all off she 'd been drugged and raped at a party . We see her in that first season , intelligent and determined to put her life back together . And we cheer for her as she does it - she does n't recreate the life she once had but she creates something new . Fast foreward a few years to the third season . Veronica is begining college at the prestigious Heast College , with her high school friends by her side , including her boyfriend , Logan Echolls . She 's still beautiful , still smart and sarcastic , but the good heart and plucky determinism is wearing a bit thin . Her first case
 Veronica Mars - The Complete First Seasonwas practically perfect in every way -- I was emotionally invested by the end of the Pilot and loved following Veronica 's journey as she searched for her best friend 's murderer.Veronica Mars - The Complete Second Seasonstarted out much weaker by focusing on boring characters and lame gotchas -LRB- ! -RRB- , but went out strong with a shocking and intense final episode.On the other hand , Season 3 has barely held my attention for a large variety of reasons . Characters I 've grown to love and care about have been tossed aside as unimportant in order to make room for new , boring stereotypes , like Piz . Veronica has become virtually unrecognizable as she alienates her father , boyfriend and the majority of her friends/classmates in her eternal search for `` justice . '' She 's not a character I can care about or root for any longer , but I kept watching in the hopes that there would be a Season 2-style turnaround.However , I quickly grew disgusted with the repeated storylines involving rape and sexual humiliation and the disrespectful way the writers treated these topics -- even having Veronica , a survivor of sexual assault , make jokes about rape . Everything I use to love about this show has been diminished or re-written because the writers are lazy and misogynistic.Furthermore , even the once top-notch acting has decreased in quality . Kristen Bell relies on OVER THE TOP `` humorous '' scenes to make up for the fact that she 's phoning it in 90 % of the time , Enrico Colantini seems just as bored , except when he & Kristen are sharing one of the inappropriate father-daughter jokey scenes that have popped up this season . Jason Dohring , who was so brilliant as Logan that he quickly became the most popular character after Veronica , has even languished this season , mumbling most of his lines.My recommendation to you
 WhileVeronica Mars - The Complete First SeasonandVeronica Mars - The Complete Second Seasonare some the finest television produced in the last twenty years , the third season is so bad that it 's almost like watching a different series . Some characters go so far over the top and out of character that they 're unrecognizable while others fade into the background as pale , unentertaining shells of their former selves . The storylines are weak and cliched , some even offensive in their treatment of rape and social issues . I recommend you skip season three and save your money for seasons one and two . Season one especially stands out for its top-notch writing , excellent ensemble cast , and gripping plot . I still try to get everyone I meet to watch season one . I do my best to stop them from even knowing season three exists .
 Man , I loved this show , once . Season 1 was awesome . Season 3 , however , is a total waste of time and money , and absolutely not worth buying . The characterizations are hamhanded and juvenile . When and if our favorite characters show up , they are mere shadows of what they once were . The writing is terrible , and the handling of sensitive subjects is clumsy and immature . It 's like , when Veronica went to college , Rob Thomas went back to high school.Don ' t buy this . Save your money for better television .
 For fans of the previous seasons , season 3 leaves a lot to be desired -- a whole lot . The once outcast Veronica is now the apple of everyone 's eye . The once charismatic Logan is whipped . The once best.father.ever Keith now trades creepily sexual banter with his daughter . The once intriguing plot lines are now reduced to entitled Veronica all the time . What happpened to the ensemble cast ? The funny , snarky dialog ? The emotional intensity ? The sharply drawn sense of place ? That 's what I want to know because it certainly is not here in Season 3 .
 Here is yet another film in a long recent string that calls itself a horror movie but simply substitutes a lot of blood and mayhem for actual scares . This film is a prequel to the 2003 remake of the original -LRB- got that ? -RRB- . Not that the distinction much matters . `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 This films suffers from what most `` prequel '' films do , in that you already know that the most important players are not going to have any real danger or harm brought to them . And in a horror film , that is simply downright destructive . But even without this handicap , this film is lacking in many other ways.Trying to give us origins of the legend Leatherface and his brood , the film comes up short in actually giving you any of the insights it supposedly is to provide . The story is very incoherent , at times , giving you little understanding or interest in seeing what is happening on the screen . Sure , we get to learn who 's face was used to make the famous mask and some interesting , if underdeveloped , tidbits about how the family became cannibals , but none of it ever gels into a film that creates a story that sucks you in . So , when the killings start , you really have little in the way of fear or interest in what you are seeing . None of the actors here provided any depth or intrigue to their roles , so you never come to feel anything for them , whether they are a killer or a victim.The one thing the film does provided is plenty of graphic gore . Gore-fiends will no doubt get what they want . But there is no psychological edge to it , as was done in the original film . It just ends up as splatter for the sake of shock alone , like many of the `` torture porn '' movies that are passed off for modern horror films today.This is what modern slasher films have come to , in the wake of films like `` Hostel '' and `` Saw . '' But those , at least , were done from original concepts , unlike this one , which uses the `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' name to draw fans of it to this pitiful display . This is easily one of the worst films of this franchise and an insult to true horror films of every kind . Unless you are simply a fan of watching blood splatter , this is a film you need to simply steer clear from .
 After the big success of the 2003 remake , it was only a matter of time before we got another new adventure in the life and times of Leatherface and his psychotic family . Prequels and re-imaginings are hot business in Hollywood these days , and we get a prequel story here with this latest sequel . However , it 's the `` prequel '' and `` beginning '' part of the movie that is the real disappointment . There is some interesting stuff here , seeing certain things starting or seeing how things came to be in the 2003 remake . Unfortunatley , it all seems to just barely scratch the surface and does n't really live up to what it could of been . We get a brief segment of Leatherface being born and being found and so on . Then , Boom . It 's right back to familiar Leatherface/Texas Chainsaw Massacre territory , with only a few nice little touches thrown in here and there . The set-up for the film is n't too different from any of the other ones . It has the same feel , look , and tone of the 2003 one , and does n't differ too wildly . Four young people -LRB- how different ! -RRB- are on the road traveling for two brothers to enlist . Along the way , they come into trouble -LRB- again , how different ! -RRB- , and are soon caught up with the Hewitt clan and mayhem ensues -LRB- How ... oh , never mind -RRB- . The things that really fuel films like this is the carnage . The blood shed and the ways in which the victims are disposed of . If you like your films brutal and bloody , then you will not be disappointed with this film . It 's a lot sicker and more raw than the 2003 film , and the original Tobe Hoooper film . Even tho the look and tone of the film is the same as the remake , it 's one of the few things that is a stand out . The grimey , 70 's exploitation look and feel of the film is well done and most welcome . The other good thing about the film -LRB- and the remake -RRB- , is none other than R. Lee Ermey himself . As Sheriff Hoyt , he is a sadistic nut job and he plays the part to perfection . You really believe him and think this guy is too crazy not to be real ! . The film shines whenever he is on screen . Thankfully , he is on screen a lot . The younger cast do adequate jobs , even tho it 's mostly the same routine . Jordana Brewster , not seeming to be too dissimilar from Jessica Biel , does just fine . She is beautiful as all get out , but Biel was better . Lee Tergesen , from `` OZ '' , is here and is pretty much wasted in a thankless role whose only sole purpose here is to just be fodder for the bloody Hewitt clan . Leatherface himself is a force to be reckoned with , but he is not as cool or as interesting as Gunnar Hansen 's interpreatation . Now , he just seems like a franchise killer who is purposely designed and played as nothing more than a franchise killer . The DVD extras are okay , but it 's not overly stuffed with anything great . There are some deleted/alternative scenes , and a short documentary -LRB- less than an hour -RRB- , on the making of a film . I 've seen much lesser , obscure films from 20 years ago get re-released with a truckload of more extras than this . `` The Beginning '' is not really bad , depending on your taste , but it 's nothing new , and the promise of it being an origins story falls way , way short . It 's nasty , it 's brutal , and it 's unforgiving , but it 's nothing more than another bloody notch on Leatherface 's post with some good graphics , atmosphere , performances , and gore . The 2003 remake was much better .
 First of all - even though most of my friends hate them - I must admit that I do enjoy watching some good horror flicks . My DVD collection is also primarily concentrating on this genre . Besides classics , such as `` Psycho '' , `` The Haunting -LRB- original -RRB- '' , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' , `` The Exorcist '' , `` The Omen -LRB- original -RRB- '' , `` The Shining '' , `` The Changeling '' , `` Halloween '' , `` Alien '' and `` The Evil Dead '' . I also enjoy more recent flicks , such as `` The 6th Sense '' , `` The Others '' , `` The Ring -LRB- US version -RRB- '' , `` The Grudge -LRB- US version -RRB- '' `` The Descent '' , `` Dawn Of The Dead -LRB- Remake -RRB- '' and `` TCM 2003 Remake '' . The Problem with `` The Beginning '' is , thatA . the viewer knows that nobody will survive this massacre the second the movie starts . Which leads to the fact that no hero can be found in this movie!B . Nobody gets to know why Leatherface turned out this way . Damn , they could 've atleast shown some flashbacks or a decent intro as e.g.in `` House Of Wax '' . C . There is waaaay too much unnecessary gore and therefore lack of true suspense.These facts , especially the last , make this movie a over the top gorefest in the same league as `` Wolf Creek '' , `` High Tension '' , `` Hostel '' and `` Saw -LRB- Sequels -RRB- '' . As one re-viewer stated . Horror movies should entertain by giving the viewer bonechilling suspense and a few good scares . This movie sadly could n't succeed , due to unnecessary gore , splatter and blood . I do n't need that .
 Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 Really , after the original TCM and the remake were there that many unanswered questions ? Sure , some might ponder on the origins of leather face and clan , but that is what makes good horror ! At the end of the film you want the unpredictability and the lingering shock in the air , you are n't supposed to know every facet and detail and reasoning behind the brutal horrific acts . I never once asked myself `` gee I wonder how Sheriff Hoyt came to be or how leather face was reared '' I never once wondered who the first victims were , or why the slaughterhouse closed , or even how much garlic needed to be in the stew . We all , as fans , know that no one survives to tell about the first murders , because the `` original '' would have never taken place ! Are we to root for this heroine , and her boyfriend and his brother and his girlfriend to make it ? Do we hope within hopelessness that somehow they would get out and away and safe ? Why watch the doomed ? What is the point ? Do the fans need more torture films , with familiar `` faces '' , are we to watch more people get flayed , and stabbed , and eaten for no apparent reason at all because we are hungry for real horror . This is n't scary , or thrilling , or even worth a shiver . This `` beginning '' will fade into being a mere tiny blip of a footnote to the original.I certainly hope this torture genre we have seen these past 3 or so years is almost over , and people will start wanting horror with good writing , and plot lines , and not buy into the Hollywood machine that touts movies like this as if it were bait for the starving fans .
 The cinematic equivalent of paying good money to sit in a landfill on a hot summer afternoon . Incredibly repellent violence with absolutely no message except that there are millions of suckers like me who gets his curiousity aroused at times and buys a ` matinee special ' . My `` arousal '' lasted exactly ten minutes -LRB- a suspicious duet in the cinema started staring in all directions with eyes blazin ' and gazin ' -RRB- so I decided to `` blow town '' , if not my lunch . This is easily a worse movie than `` A Clockwork Orange '' , something I thought I 'd never be able to say.Don ' t be content to merely avoid this abomination , urge a boycott !
 There is nothing new here . No suspense , no thrills , chills or actually any `` horror '' . There is just gore , gore and more gore . I am pretty shocked this had a major theatrical release given how much there was here.There is very little `` interesting '' history or background given about Thomas and the crazy Hewitt family . Leatherface 's origins are summed up in a few short minutes . Town becomes deserted , and instead of moving or finding work elsewhere , crazy guy decides eating people will be better ? More unbelievably , the whole family just goes along with it ? Could have used more back story there instead of the `` they 're just crazy '' explanation . Leatherface just snaps and starts killing people one day , or had there been previous signs he might one day decide to rev up a chainsaw and stick it in your belly?Then we get a thin story about two sets of young lovers , brothers , draft dodging , and Vietnam . Throw in a crazy motor cycle gang and a car accident ... oh dear here comes the crazy Sheriff.The rest of the `` plot '' just outright sucks . The story makes no sense in a lot of places and gets confusing , especially around dinner time . I will give credit for the ending because , going in , I knew being a prequel no one was going to make it out of there , but I kind of had hope for Chrissie at the end ... and well , it was an interesting scene . I also give credit because they did not try to make Leatherface likeable or make you feel sorry for the `` big retard '' which given all the gore , might have made things too complicated.I am a fan of Jordana Brewster , but has her career stalled so much that she needed this on her resume ? 1.5 stars , rounding up to two for the weak reasons stated above . Casual horror fans should probably avoid this .
 The original is the best . The tribute to the original starring Jessica Biel comes in second . The rest it 's best to just forget.This plot and supposed beginning has just been done to death . The people from the 70 's dressed in their groovy clothes . Leatherface and his story , along with his family and how it all got to be this way is absolutely overcooked
 This movie is not scary and for a horror movie that is an unforgivable sin . The back story is fine , what little there is of it . I enjoyed finding out more about the serial cannibal family the Hewitts . But I 'm afraid over-the-top gore is used to replace dramatic tension and suspense and it does n't work . I 'm not a prude in the gore department , just that it 's less scary than disgusting to me . And because the movie is almost wholly dependent on the gore for scares , I found myself getting bored with this prequel . There is a distinct lack of tension or build up to the violence . The characters are tortured and dispatched one by one in gruesome ways and that 's about it . It 's almost matter of fact . To make matters worse I had little emotional connection to any of the characters . Which is absolutely necessary if I 'm going to care when they 're tortured or killed . I just did n't . I would recommend renting this before you buy . I ca n't think of any reason I 'd want to see this movie again .
 The horror genre is the one unique area of filmmaking where filmmakers do not want or even need a good reason to crank out endless exploitative sequels to successful franchise originals . This prequel is no exception . If the intent was to give the viewer insight as to how Leatherface and the family became so stupendously sadistic , the film clearly has nothing new to say . Young photogenic lambs of slaughter are sent into harm 's way with assembly line results . The death scenes are sufficiently grisly to please gorehounds and there is yet another twisted dinner scene for diehard fans of the series . Great screen villians should be perversely fascinating , richly complex , and deliciously maniacal . I simply found Leatherface 's family , particularly the bad ` cop ' Hoyt , to be grating and persistently annoying . ` The Beginning ' is n't really frightening . All the jumps and jolts come just when they 're expected . This latest installment is not any worse than previous attempts to cash in on the original 's tremendous cult following , but there is nothing here that merits serious consideration by casual filmgoers . If you love this series , there is no reason to think you wo n't love this one too . I just wish Leatherface 's chainsaw would FINALLY run out of gas . God knows this series did long ago.Fans
 This is supposed to be sort of like the `` evolution '' of Leatherface.It was a very short evolution , because it goes from showing us his birth , a woman finding him in a dumpster , than to him as a man working in a meat factory.It completly misses his entire childhood.We also get a little glimpse of how R.Lee Ermey 's character becomes a `` sheriff '' in here too.Thus , this is supposed to be a prequel to the 2003 movie.Unfortunatly , this failed in my opinion.The storyline is dumb , and the characters are not even likeable.There is not even a `` so bad it 's good thing '' going for it.R.Lee Ermey 's funny little wisecracks were n't hardly even in here , as compared to the 2003 film.The two actors and actresses that played the teenagers in this movie , could not act.Overall , I do n't recommend this at all.Just stick with the first film .
 I wanted to see this movie because I love the original and hoped that this movie would deal with Leatherface growing up and finding some answers into this sick , but iconic horror figure 's origin . I was not going to get it in this film ! The film is called the beginning , but what we get is a series of flashbacks that are no longer than the opening credits ! This was a missed opportunity for what could have been a worthy entry in the series just turns out to be just another bad copy of the original ! I will say that the gore in this one is excessive , but it is so over the top I had to say to myself `` this is just a movie and this is fake '' . This made me laugh till my eyes watered as Sheriff Hoyt 's remedy for a gunshot wound in his uncle 's leg is to cut both of his uncle 's legs off ! I have seen all of the Texas Chainsaw movies and I thought all were worthless except the original . Every movie is pretty much a bad remake with a victim ending up at the dinner table and getting chased by our chainsaw welding maniac until they are saved by a passing truck or something and Leatherface is having a tantrum because one of them got away . The only redeeming quality in this film is that they capture a bit of the relentlessness of the original and that is why I give it 2 stars ! It is one wild ride even if the movie is a disappointment ! The DVD transfer looks good and nasty !
 I went into this movie REALLY wanting to like it . I am a huge fan of the TCM franchise . This film just did not do it for me on any level . There was no character that I liked , zero nudity , no suspense , not really any scares , and the gore is virtually off screen all the time . We do n't learn anything about any of the characters . We do not see anything we have not seen before . The house is not even that creepy . It was much freakier in all the other films . In this version , it seems more like a flop house for freaks than a freaky house . There are no chicken bone windchimes or anything cool like that . There is nothing odd or imaginative added to the franchise with the addition of this film . The director seems to be just connecting the dots here . It amazes me to read all these reviews that are stating this is super gross , scary , or `` surreal . '' What ? This is a nail in the coffin for TCM . No mas . Please . MTV directors have no business going here . Stop the madness .
 The scenario is a clumsy effort to connent this movie to the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre movie which should take place 4 years after the event in this movie . It 's a flat movie with no words to say . AND I think you could buy this DVD as low as 1.00 $ used or new after it 's release.Texas chainsaw massacre -LRB- 1973 -RRB- - A Masterpiese in Acting , not horrorTexas chainsaw massacre 2 -LRB- 1985 -RRB- - A Very good 80s horror movieTexas chainsaw massacre 3 -LRB- 1990 -RRB- - A Very good sequel with some new words to sayTexas Chainsaw Massacre
 mildly amusing and zero percent thought provoking or original . Lots of sub par gore that is cashing in of a franchise instead of really adding anything new for true horror fans . Hot chicks and chainsaws ... yeah , i get it . If your a fan of new horror this has high production value and is right up your ally . If your old school this is a been there , seen that film .
 This new verison of TTC was very lame and not wrost 18 dollars for it . Maybe when only 10 or less it be wrost it . The first and remake were not believeable either , but this one just dumb . i was very dispointed with it and i say rent it if you must , but do not buy until really cheat .
 As there is no American release of this film , which is mind-boggling , I had no choice to order the Canadian blu . While the picture and sound are very well done , and super sharp , that is ALL there is to this disc . No trailer , no featurettes , no deleted scenes . The American dvd has all of these and a few more tidbits to gnaw on , but Allied 's bare-bones offering is movie-only . If you love the film , get it , but do n't toss or trade the dvd just yet . Maybe Warner/New Line will give us a good blu in the future , but the optimal chance for a good release came and went with the premier of Texas Chainsaw . Sure , Warner did n't make it , but with a Chainsaw in the theater , a blu would have &#34; made a killing &#34; so to speak .
 Simply read the other one star reviews and that will sum up my feelings about this piece of trash . I watched this on cable and it is just another example of how the horror genre has gone totally wrong .
 First things first - I am a huge fan of the original TCM ; it 's a movie that has had wide-ranging influence much like the first Nightmare On Elm Street . I have also seen all the sequels . I did n't like # 2 , # 3 was a mixed bag but did have some highlights , and # 4 was actually pretty good . I think of the sequels , the 4th movie was actually the most true to the spirit of Leatherface . The remake , on the other hand , moved away from what made Leatherface who he is and , while that did n't please me , I was still able to enjoy the movie.So with all that being said , it 's obvious that I am going to evaluate this movie differently than someone who just sits down and watches it with no knowledge for the previous films.In the film , we are introduced to Leatherface at the slaughterhouse on the day it is closing . He goes bananas and kills the owner with a sledgehammer and I immediately have a problem with the film . Leatherface , as a character , is supposed to be shy and timid . He is driven by the family as a weapon . He does not act out on his own ; ultimately wanting to be a housewife sitting in the house sewing . Striking out on his own - and away from the house no less - is not in his character , at least in how he was originally presented . So right from the very first kill , I have issues with the film and it appears they 've perverted Leatherface.Meanwhile , our victims are driving across Texas to enlist in the Marines . This brings up a point that does n't just relate to those who are fans of the original TCM . In the remake , while it was n't true to the spirit of the film , it was enjoyable because the group of kids to be slaughtered were not likable characters . Jessica Biel 's character was the only one who was presented in a positive light ; the others were either worthless or never fleshed out . Thus , when they start getting butchered up , you can cheer The Family . In `` The Beginning '' , I liked the majority of the group . There are 4 characters and I really only disliked the blonde because she seemed to have a holier-than-thou attitude . The other 3 are all likable characters . So from a more simplistic view of ` I 'm watching this movie with no expectations ' , the slaughter does n't work because -LRB- 1 -RRB- it 's a prequel so the kids all have to die and no one in the Family gets hurt and -LRB- 2 -RRB- you do n't cheer for their deaths because they are likable - except for the blonde girl.Now , back to the plot - after Leatherface kills the owner of the slaughterhouse , the sheriff shows up at the Family 's house . R. Lee Emery kills the sheriff and takes his persona . They then proceed to eat the sheriff with Hoyt later talking about when he was a POW , they were forced to eat other POWs to keep from starving . I have to throw a flag on this one . We 're supposed to accept that the Family is killing and eating people to avoid starving ? Idiotic ! While I suppose it 's never really specified in the original , it works much better as a plot device to believe the Family is killing and eating people because they want to - not because there 's no McDonalds in town . Giving a heavy-handed treatment to the rationale used by the Family -LRB- or any killer in a horror movie -RRB- is never a good idea ; it dillutes the purity of the experience.The movie continues more or less on the same level from there - Leatherface continues to be completely out of character . They 've got him hulking around and showboating like a WWE wrestler , which is a far cry from the scared Leatherface of the original . Disappointing.I give this movie 2 stars . It is n't a good movie for either fans of the original or those who are just encountering the mythos for the first time . Avoid this and just watch the original again .
 Although it started slow the second quarter started picking up steam but the second half is a waste of film . Exhibit A in the case of the horror genre being populated solely by lazy genre-loyalist writers and directors who would n't know a creative idea if it disemboweled them . I spent half the movie willing it to get to the point and half the time when it did wondering what the point was . Boring sterile conventional suspense and climax , no plot points or characters to wonder about , no chance of anything coming out of leftfield , it just sets a tone and hammers and drones away at it . No big things needed to be changed to improve the film , it 's just the little things that were n't there to hold your interest and make it worth watching , no attention to detail . They 've got a perfectly functional skeletal plot outline for a movie , they just needed to let some creative writers do something with it before it was ready for filming .
 What a total piece of trash . There really is n't much to be said for this film . The prior remake from 2003 was n't exactly great filmmaking , but at least it did what a horror film was supposed to do
 This movie really sucked i thought it was going to show his life from the start it showed him born then did this little slide show thing threw his younger ages then all of a sudden he is like 18 . i think they should of made the movie longer and showed some more of his childhood . also the movie wasnt really scary and it was far from exciting . but i gave it 2 stars because the acting wasnt bad at all , and the killed somebody it was in a sick and cool way , and the deaths did look very realistic . if you are going to buy this to complete a collction thats why i did . but if you are looking for soemthing as good as the 2003 remake this isnt it .
 The horror in horror movies generally comes from the threat of violence or death , and not from the deaths themselves . It 's not nearly as scary to watch someone get slaughtered as it is to watch them walk through a dark alley or meat packing plant , knowing that any minute they MIGHT be slaughtered . Tension is where all true fear lies , especially in a world so jaded that even the image of a young man being patiently and methodically torn open can elicit yawns -LRB- or , at best , cringes -RRB- . The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 Since we know that this prequel will have several follow-ups , we pretty much know what awaits our four young victims in this cruel , sadistic and unnecessary entry in an already bloated series.The film relishes in the sadism it supplies as each of our four heroes meet gruesome , bloody deaths . It 's sad because these four youngsters are n't your typical sex-starved teens you want to see offed ; these four seem more mature and their fate is doubly disgusting . Add a performance from R. Lee Ermey in which he seems to enjoy the perpetration of these acts of sadism and you have a horror movie that repels more than frightens , and hopefully the last in this series honoring a brutal clan of misfits .
 I wanted to love this movie so much since i LOVED the remake of TCM.but this ... i cant explain what happened.sure theres lots of blood and gore but something was missing ... oh yeah , any form of entertainment.this movie has alot of boring parts and lags alot.the kills are great dont get me wrong but the movie just feels way different.watch the remake of TCM and youll see what i mean.R.Lee Emery steals this whole movie and hes the only reason besides the gore to watch this movie.i would say to rent this one or if you must own it buy it used from someone on amazon but DONT pay more then five dollers for it trust me youll feel riped off .
 ` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 Wow , what a waste of time and money this pointless `` prequel '' is . Just another reason to lay on the gore with a garden hose and once again cash in on the title with little regard for the audience or even a decent plot.Waste of time !!!!!!!!!
 Just like the remake , this shiftless thing tries to give us not only scares but a backgorund into how the Hewitt family had become the mass murders they are . The first BIG problem with this , just like with the remake is that the filmmakers try to center this piece -LRB- of crap -RRB- around the Vietnam War and the semi-innocence left from the ` 60s . With that said there is no contrast in the characters or the story much like in the first one -LRB- I mean remake -RRB- . What I mean to say is here we have characters , some are for the war , some against ... -LRB- some are even facing poverty/anarchy due to lack of town economy/social order -RRB- and just like in the remake when pushed to the limits to become brutal or become victims -LRB- this applying more to our babyfaced young Hollywood stars -RRB- there is no easy translation , relationship , or commentary on that character 's evolution and the horror that was Vietnam , the loss of innocence , or the depression that the town the Hewitts live in that is forcing them to become monsters -LRB- I was n't alive then but even I get that basic concept that THE original tried to comment on -RRB- . The film basically does not really give you any reasons why Hoyt becomes the maniac he is or what really makes Thomas/Leatherface tick and become the human death machine we all have come to know -LRB- all interviews with cast and crew make this point that Tommy was just a victim of everyone 's picking on him though we never really see that going on in anyway -RRB- . The fact is the Hewitts are all monsters from the get go , there was and is NO BACKGROUND to be shown , this was a cash run ... when I watched this all I could think about is how Michael Bay is going to just turn The Transformers into something like this
 On one last road trip before going off to serve in Vietnam , two brothers and their girlfriends get into an accident on an isolated road . The local sheriff shows up and brings them home to his deranged family , that nurtures a young man , that soon becomes the notorious Leatherface.In 1974 Tobe Hooper gave audiences a new experience in horror and created a horror icon , that to this day still sends shivers down some spines . Spawing many sequels , that gradually got worse and worse , it was time for a revamp . In 2003 was The Texas Chainsaw Massacre remake , this time with Jessica Biel and Michael Bay as a producer . While it did have some nice moments , it failed to capture any real sense of terror or horror that it intended . Now we have a prequel to that remake that promises gore , terror and the birth of fear . Unfortunately for the horror fans , it 's yet another miss for the chainsaw wielding menace and instead of shivers being sent down those spines , it 's simply agony.Seeing the poster for the new TCM film gave me hope , it was actually good , in fact it was better then good , it was one of the best horror posters I 've seen in a while . Maybe , just maybe someone could turn this franchise in the right direction . Sorry to be the bearer of bad news , but it seems that the direction has gone off the map . While in some scenes the film is indeed better then the remake , the film just happens to turn a horror icon into a mess . What once was a scary as hell character , leatherface , is now nothing more then just a misunderstood boy.Right from the beginning of the film , I found myself laughing at it . Seeing the birth of fear , as they say , reminded me too much of the film Bride Of Chucky . Which could have been fine , if the film did n't take itself so seriously . It does indeed follow the horror formula , bad acting , blood and guts , profanity , somewhat disturbing images and even a **** ty script , but those things that are suppose to make a horror film fun , does the exact opposite with The Beginning.With a short running time of 84 minutes , it seems to go on longer because your not enjoying yourself . Sure it 's nice to see how things happen in the prequel that connects to the other films , but this is the case for all prequels and it 's expected . Not even the deaths were enjoyable . The chainsaw death scene in `` Dead & Breakfast '' was gorier and more enjoyable then any chainsaw related death here ... and the frickin movie is called the Texas Chainsaw Massacre . There is some gore , not as much as I would have wanted , and it 's not full screen gore either . It 's edited in a way that you can see some of it , but not all of it . Right from the beginning with the death of the old man who owned the meat company , the cuts were too quick to see the damage that was being done . You 'll see the blood splatter on the faces of the characters , but only a quick glimpse of the actual chainsaw death . I 'll give this film props though for having more then one chainsaw death though.R Lee Ermey plays the over the top sheriff again , he fits the role well , but the film put a little too much emphasis on his character . Sure he is leading the family pack , but the film is about the origin of leatherface , more on him killing the others would have been great . All the victims here are by the numbers , the boyfriend , the best friend and brother , all die . The hot lead , and boy is she hot , dies in this one . I 'm actually happy with that , and the fact that the director chose to showcase Jordana Brewster 's ass every chance he got.There were certain scenes that I did enjoy though , they were shot fairly well . Which was a surprise to me . To say this is a step of for Liebesman is an understatement . After the horrible , HORRIBLE , Darkness Falls , I 'll gladly welcome this with open arms . He still has much to learn , but given enough time , he can become a prominent horror director . The obligatory chainsaw chase scene was better then the remake . I felt the sense of being there on the chase , which was fun for a bit and the film does pick up from there , but there is only ten minutes left after that chase and then it 's over.The film ends with the voice over of how the murders were real and the film is base don a true story , I think after 30 some odd years we get it , no need to continue to jam that message down our throats . With so many good remakes out there , Dawn of the Dead , Hills Have Eyes and horror films that are actually good , Devil 's Rejects and Silent Hill . There is really no need to watch The Beginning .
 As a Texas Chainsaw Massacre purist and a deep lover of the Tobe Hooper 1974 original , I was up in arms when I learned of the planned `` remake '' in ' 03 . But the movie was all right . I dug it . Good show . Now the a prequel to a remake ? You 're treading on thin ice . But the trailer piqued my interest . I thought , Okay , I 'm up for this . In actuality , what we have here is basically a stock re-telling of the '03 `` remake '' and every other TCM sequel . It 's flat . It 's boring . It 's by the book . It 's just plain stupid.Starting off with the birth and abandonment of poor baby Leatherface , we skip to him as an adult , wearing a mask fashioned of leather and working at the town meat-packing plant . When the town goes under , the plant is closed and Leather and his family turn to consuming human flesh as a means to not starve . Enter our victims . Lunch ! And from there we have a strictly by-the-book time . Even R. Lee Ermey , one of the highpoints of the `` remake , '' seems listless here , wasted , not menacing in the least.We get plenty of gruesome-ness , which is to be expected , but here it 's just so blah . I was yawning . I was bored . People forget that the oringinal film was essentially bloodless . It effected you on a cerebral level , and the horror was therefore given a far more lasting affect . With TCM
 Why is this movie even in existence ? The 4 characters/victims where so undeveloped that you could n't even make enough of a connection with them to even care whether they lived or died . It lacked scares as well as good writing . The characters were making unrealistic mistakes , one after another , throughout the duration of the movie . The acting was mediocre to downright cheesy at times . The only reason that I am giving this one star is because of the very realistic make-up artistry that was used to show gore . Other than that this movie was a hot '' throwned together in two days '' mess .
 Yes , if you know nothing about good horror and think Scream or The Grudge are classics , then this is probably a great movie to you ! Watch the original from the 70 's and tell me that this even comes close . I think it 's sad that people ca n't tell that this is Hollywood throwing together garbage to make a quick buck .
 -LRB- Disclaimer
 `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 Please do not go and see this movie . It 's just another sequel/prequel that companies just pump out at audiences so they can make easy money . This movie is just not good ... at all . It is n't scary , nor does it have a sensable plot . There is a fair amount of violence but even that did n't save me from turning my attention to the pizza i snuck into the theatre to eat . I like movies with senseless slaughter , such as the Friday the 13th series . Those movies are extremely fun to watch . I can not say the same for this crap-fest . Just save your money people , and go buy some cheeseburgers .
 SOMEHOW , YOU JUST SEEM TO GET LOST IN IT ALL WITH THE SAME OLD STORY JUST LIKE THE ORIGINAL . TO BITTER AND SORT OF DISTANT FROM 2003 'S THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , COMES A PRESEQUEL THAT NEVER LETS OUT A GASP OF HORROR AND BORES US WITH SOMETHING WE ALREADY SAW 30 YEARS AGO !
 I would have rated this video higher except for the fact that about 6 minutes of the original film has been cut . I saw the original release and there are nude scenes and audio censorship from the original . I noticed on IMDB that the original was 97 minutes , but there was a 91 minute UK release so this must be the UK release . I wish that the US release was available .
 ... but more of an acceptable way to get nudity on screen in a &#34; responsible &#34; manner . Amazon 's streaming video of it makes it worse . It is grainy and washed out . It was shot on a low budget and lacked much aesthetic value forty years ago , but now it is unwatchable .
 I thought I 'd never see a nostalgia blast courtesy online video . I figured this would be a some kind of b-flick , but I never thought I 'd see a 21st century update of `` Up the Creek '' or `` One Crazy Summer '' or Heartbreak Hotel '' , or any of the other awful teen-sexploitation flicks that would air late night on HBO after being in the theatres for less than a year.But , well , here you go . With all of the xplicit material on the net it 's a wonder stuff like this gets made at all , but I guess there 's an audience for it . Afterall , I am streaming the stuff . But , do yourself a favor , pass it up , unless you want to see `` Porky 's '' 21st century style .
 This is a poor attempt at a teen sex comedy -LRB- e.g. American Pie -RRB- . The stilted and predictable dialogue , poor direction and generally low quality means I did n't see much to make one laugh . On top of the general low level of the movie it is basically a string of uncreative jokes based on mean spirited jabs at stereotypes of the working class , women , and others . It lacks what I would consider the heart of good films in this genre - empathy for the characters .
 This film primarily features two obese women in curlers and scarves , spandex , and enough cosmetics to make Tammy Faye jealous - saying many times that they used to live in a trailer park . Most characters talk as if they never made it into high school , the difference between a decent job and a great job in this film is being a mechanic at a lawn mower repair shop in a garage of a house , or being the boss of that lawn mower repair shop in a garage of a house . The only hot chic nude scene is the first six minutes of the film -LRB- clearly a huge tease to keep you watching through the rest of the film , hoping to see something of that caliber - which never happens -RRB- , and any other woman sharing her body with the camera is average looking but thank the Almighty skinnier by at least 2/3 of the featured main character sows . The son of the focus family is lucky enough to end up next door with a spoiled rich young newlywed woman as her boy toy , the husband in the newlywed couple quits getting anything out of the relationship so he visits a seedy neighborhood and gets a STD which he gives to the only girl who will have him , who happens to be underage . Any half-decent looking woman -LRB- after the first six minutes -RRB- who goes sans togs still has blankets , negligee , or dominatrix outfit covering what you want to see , and most of it should be rated PG . This is a 1999 film , $ 600K budget , filmed in Florida and runs 93 minutes -LRB- all you 'll care about are the first six -RRB- . I take my hat off to anybody who can enjoy watching a film that predominantly focuses a story around two morbidly obese women in curlers , scarves , and spandex who talk about being from a trailer park , as if the rest of the film giving us less than 3 % of the remaining time to see better looking women is enough to make this DVD worth viewing . The box cover art is a deception , and if you ca n't buy this used for under $ 5 , do n't . I have n't spoiled the entire movie for you , Michael Dugan -LRB- producer / director -RRB- does that by himself . I nearly vomited by the time this pathetic movie was rolling the credits .
 jfhgf hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhhh h h h i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i this sucked
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever watched . I do not recomend it to anyone . It was just plain silly .
 Juvenile and shallow . A virtual waste of time . Only watched it because I 'd already watched most of the free prime movies .
 Once in a while I do n't mind watching a low budget poorly scripted , directed and acted movie but this one will leave you wishing that you could get the time back you spent watching it , at least with a DVR I was able to skip ahead over some of the scenes that were too unbearable to watch .
 THIS WAS A HORRIBLE MOVIE , SHOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN MADE ! I HAVE SEEN BETTER IN SILENT FILMS BACK IN THE DAY
 to be honest this movie was horrible the only nude scene is the begining for like two minutes when the girl takes a bubble bath , the movie wasnt even funny
 Well , I was expecting a bit more entertainment . Instead , the action proceeds much like a soap opera and never reaches any suspenseful or frightening climaxes . Example , young girl being used as `` bait '' for vampire waits nervously unaware that the vampire is advancing upon her from behind . The camera pans down so you can see the advance of the vampire from under the couch the girl is resting on . What should be a terrifying , suspenseful scene is undermined by the view of blue slippers and the bottom of a dark blue cloak on the `` creature '' -LRB- an attractive but blah , middle aged mom -RRB- walking up on her . Ridiculous , and not even funny ! On the positive side , it is a nicely shot movie , has good sets , good costumes , and there is one good fencing scene . So , two stars . Other than that , pretty uneventful . Not worth a second viewing .
 Hammer Film Productions , 91 minutes , released 1974 , `` Captain Kronos
 TO
 Alright , normally I love a good B-movie but this dose n't even rate that high . Captain Kronos is a lame attempt at a vampire tale . It ignores most of the traditional rules which you will either love or hate and is pitifully acted . The first 1/3 of the movie is all set up and exposition with no pay off at the end . Most of the movie consists of Kronos flashing a colgate smile and giving lines to his new found girlfriend that even Austin Powers would find chessy.The rest of it are scenes of young girls who suddenly have a black robbed figure appear out of no where while on a frollick some where or another and have their youth drained away . The climax if you can call it that is as about as scary as robin hood men in tights without the humor.If you read these other reviews and are tempted remmeber this 99 % who write them are die hard fans who will love it no matter what because it 's a hammer film . The other one % just got screwed .
 I unfortunately bought a dud . A diehard vampire fan will watch just about anything in that genre and while I realised this was from a particular genre -LRB- not necessarily being vampire -RRB- , I was very very disappointed with the whole thing . Not much point picking it to peices cause it is just my opinion but a stronger , more realistic -LRB- to the role -RRB- and appealing -LRB- not necessarily typically attractive -RRB- and just interesting leading man would have helped immensely . I was not thrilled , chilled , suspense filled or eventually even interested in continuing watching it cause it was just boring and a bit ridiculous . I did n't like it .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS STUPID MOVIE . IT IS AS CORNY AS CORNY GETS .
 I watched this film via an alternative purchase . Do n't waste your money on this one ! If I could have given it a minus five stars , I would have . I really like a good disaster film , but this was the absolute worst . Cheesy , tacky acting , special effects the same and story line not much better . Asylum should not have produced this film . A five year old probably could have come up with a better film !
 A lone meteorologist , a ship doctor and petroleum engineer must battle the elements to stop the threat of a Super Cylone that threatens the entire eastern seaboard . That 's what this movie is about , folks.Normally , I support The Asylum with their low-budget movies . Over the last year alone , I 've bought nearly every movie they 've put out . I had n't seen one yet that I did n't like , in some way . However , this one ... this one ... well , this one just reeked . Seeing the trailer for the movie at their website , It looked like it 'd be an awesome flick in the vein of 2012 , Twister , and Volcano . It was awesome , at least , where the special effects and whatnot were concerned . That was good . Where the movie reeked was with the acting and the holes in the plot and script . An example of this was when Ming Na 's character says that the cyclone would hit Cali within an hour only to say several minutes later that it would hit in a couple of hours ? What ? or the crewmen on an oil rig that is on fire with the cyclone about to hit it walking and talking like it is something they see everyday . . wha ' ? I could pick out all kinds of things that I found wrong with this movie . What gets me is that actors Ming Na and Nick Turturro have made other movies that cemented them in as great actors only to give lackluster performances in this movie . Come on . Was this the director 's first movie ? Who knows.All I know is , if The Asylum puts out more movies like this one , I may reconsider supporting their efforts as much as I do . I can deal with low-budgets , okay CGI , and subpar acting . What I ca n't stand is a movie that does n't make too much sense to me.I 'd love to recommend another movie from The Asylum but I 'm afraid that I ca n't . This movie is downright awful that it is laughable . I 'd have to say , like everyone else , this has to be the worst film I 've ever seen them put out . Shame , shame , shame .
 What happens when you blend in the scripts fromArmageddon ,2012 , TwisterandVolcano ? You get the direct-to-DVD Super Cyclone.I 've never cared much for disaster movies , even though it seems like there is a new one on the SyFy Channel every other week . To me they are basically all the same . A natural occurrence happens destroying cities and our government tries to stop it with some unbelievable plan . I have reviewed a few other Asylum titles this year and they kindly sent me a free invite to stream this movie online in exchange for an honest review.Yes , I know that the DVD cover looks like fun , but the movie is a complete mess from start to finish . The plot is simple ; a group of oil drillers off the shore of south California accidentally drills to close to the Earth 's core causing a volcano eruption . Since the eruption occurred at the bottom of the ocean , it creates one super cyclone that is going to destroy most of California . The only hope is a group of oil drillers -LRB- who do absolutely nothing but run around the oil rig -RRB- , Dr. Jenna Sparks -LRB- played by Ming-Na -RRB- , and Travis Verdon -LRB- played by Nicholas Turturro -RRB- . Of course there is our US Navy , which is horribly portrayed throughout the movie.One would think if Dr. Jenna Sparks could pilot a helicopter off of an oil rig in hurricane type weather , then the trained Navy pilots would have no trouble saving the men on the oil rigs.The movie is fast-paced with some of the worst CGI special effects that I have ever seen . The volcano erupting underneath the ocean floor would cause a tsunami before it would a cyclone or hurricane . I tried to ignore the basic plot and just watch the movie for its B-quality . Ming-Na and Nicholas Turturro are the only two decent actors , but they ca n't help save this disaster of a movie .
 Super Cyclone is yet another release from Aslyum Pictures , which specializes in cheesy , b-movies , most of which do n't take themselves too seriously and come infused with liberal amounts of humor . You know , movies that are so bad ... they 're good ? They have indeed succeeded with quite a number of these , which makes me wonder why they have decided to stray from their main fare.Unfortunately , Super Cyclone is too stupid to take seriously and too serious to be funny . The script blends in the worst film cliches you can think of , and the character development goes absolutely nowhere , due to the fast-paced `` action '' of jumping from one scene to the next . It almost seems like the director was trying to get the entire movie filmed in 3 days and the editor simply did n't have any time available to him to actually edit.As for the plot , it basically consists of Ming-Na dragging -LRB- sometimes literally -RRB- Nicholas Turturro from one scene to another . She is totally panicked and running around at 100 miles an hour , while Turturro , well , acts at a pace that is considerably slower . The `` mess '' they are trying to fix is a super cyclone that was somehow triggered by offshore drilling near California . The entire scientific premise goes way past believability for anyone with even a single brain cell and the unbelievability throughout the movie is definitely cumulative.The biggest problem I had with this film was actually in the details though . There are so many mismatched scenes , unexplained events that were never mentioned again -LRB- like the Island of Catalina `` blowing-up '' with no explanation or comment -RRB- , night suddenly turning to day , the sky going from stormy , to clear and blue over the course of a single frame , stormy seas that were obviously just someone 's swimming pool , the fact that there is supposed to be some kind of love interest between the two characters yet they have ZERO chemistry and ca n't so much as have a hug without looking incredibly awkward ... the list goes on and on . When there are obvious mistakes in almost every major scene , it really starts to distract from one 's enjoyment of the picture , as if there was anything to enjoy in the first place.Special effects are mainly limited to CGI , although I did catch them using some public domain stockpile footage from different storms . It did n't match well at all . The few , good CGI scenes seemed to have little or nothing to do with the movie , and did n't involve the main characters . I 'm tempted to conclude that they had footage left over from other movies that they just decided to throw-in to stretch the movie into 90 minutes.If you want something more realistic and enjoyable to watch than this film by Asylum , try Sharktopus . At least it does n't have a problem poking fun at itself .
 I generally like theses Asylum cheapo disaster flicks . Even though they are generally cheesy , they have always entertained me . This was the worst film I have ever seen come out of Asylum . Unless you see this film sold for a penny -LRB- brand new -RRB- , you 've spent too much .
 My husband and I watch a lot of SY FY movies . This one takes the cake ! We were laughing out loud at all the mistakes as they happened . Just as an example
 it is 1 stupid movie i have seen better movies than that . better action movie than this its so fake n stupid
 The movie began with a good idea but whoever produced it put no money in it . I have never seen a movie so poorly done . The worst part was that it was filmed in Southern California so the sun was shining all the time even when it was pouring rain or hailing . They drove thru raining oil but when they got out of the car it was sunny again . An entire ship was lifted by a tornado but the people inside we barely moved around . And since it was the stars they were n't hurt . Camera shots were spinning around people or following them down hallways while they talked over and over again . Helicopters were flying into tornadoes and fiery hailstones . Really stupid . If I could I would give it minus 5 stars !
 SyFy 's latest disaster film is really disastrous . SUPER CYCLONE is tedious , laughable , and offers an annoying performance from Ming Na , who I remember from her Judge arc on TWO AND A HALF MEN . Ming has the emotional depth of an oyster . The usually reliable Nicholas Turturro is as stiff as the tailored suit he wears throughout the film . As always , the science is preposterous and there 's more talk than action . A good disaster movie should have disaster scenes which SUPER CYCLONE offers very little . It 's really a boring waste of time !
 one word - preposterouswithout a doubt the most illconceived and poorly executed movie that should never have escaped the asylum . sometimes when a movie is bad it is funny . this even misses on that . if amazon would allow , i 's give it zero stars .
 What can be said about bad CGI , bad scripting and universally bad acting ? If I had only jumped into the boiling water early on I could have saved myself at least an hour of lame movie-making . About the only way to make this watchable is to have robots and a silly human making snide remarks while eating popcorn in the back of the theatre .
 Normally I would happily watch Ming Na read ` War And Peace ' out loud . But this offering was hard to view . Being a retired U.S. Navy CPO , and having been through a few REAL typhoons , I pretty much gave up early on when the actors were bouncing around the wheelhouse as they were being buffeted by the cyclone . I could ` nt help but notice that the inclinometer on the bulkhead aft of the binnacle never moved . Oops !
 A friend recommended that we watch this just for the &#34; awfulness &#34; of it and he was right ! It is so bad that scarcely 30 seconds of the film can pass before your eyes without seeing some horrible mistake . It 's beyond obvious that the production company just does n't care . In all fairness , they are noted for horrible movies .
 I watched the first 10 minutes of this movie with my girlfriend , stopped watching it and returned it . I had a feeling the 4 and 5 star reviews were put on here from people that worked on the movie and I was right . The first `` killing '' that happened looked so fake that I probably could have filmed it with my cheap camcorder and ketchup . Seriously , I 'm so tired of taking a chance and renting movies like this - they should be banned . If you 're reading this , do n't waste your time . I 'm only happy that I 'm only out $ 1.27 and 10 minutes of my life .
 This film is a World War II drama that lacks romance and the action one might expect of a war movie.Even the isolated attempts to be humorous fail , as a retired group of veterans volunteer to board three German freighters , anchored off the coast of India . One has been transmitting locations of British shipping to a predatory German U-boat . The story is true and the plot is sound enough . However , the screen writing and direction wastes the acting talents of Gregory Peck , Davin Niven , Roger Moore , Trevor Howard , and Patrick Macnee and reduce the overall film appeal to much less than what is otherwise could have offered had these actors been given a free hand . -LRB- And it was clear they did not have that luxury -RRB- . Roger Moore has a romantic scene or two with Barbara Kellerman that is non-romantic , dull , and without either purpose or expectation . And so goes the entire movie.Do not listen to attempts to compare this film with `` The Guns of Navarone '' or `` The Dirty Dozen '' . Those were great movies , and although the theme of `` Sea Wolves '' could have offered the same interest , it did n't -- it did not .
 The Sea Wolves is not the best of war movies . The most interesting part is a few periscope shots of ship sinkings . It is a story about some ancient warriors from the Crimean campaign who go together for an improbably operation against a Nazi spy ship in India . It is worth watching , I guess , but if you miss it your understanding of the events in World War II will not suffer .
 This movie was really bad , the actors were Cornie the script was bad and the beginning was to long ... and the story seemed more made up then true .
 Why release if can not hear with volume maxed out ? At 100 normally use volume of 30-40 . Can barely hear some of them . Should be good movie but can not enjoy it .
 Story and acting were great . Loved the development of the plot.Art direction
 This movie has a great cast -LRB- all of my favorites -RRB- , but you can tell from the long hair styles and 70 's coloring of the filming that it is a more modern film . It had great potential . Gregory Peck is Gregory Peck . It is hard to not get a great performance out of him , but even he ca n't hold this film up . Roger Moore looks aged , as well as David Niven and Gregory Peck . It fails to capture the same drama of `` The Guns of Navarone . '' The sea attack on the anchored German freighter was hokey and not very believable . Not a bad B-movie , just not really worth more than $ 5.00 to see it . For free , go ahead and see it !
 The old addage `` dont judge a book by its cover '' applies to the DVD . Most of the images on the DVD case are not even from this film . The shots of Niven and Moore are from a film they did togehter , `` Escape to Athena '' . And the modern sub on the back is not in this film ...
 I could not wait to receive this movie . I am a classic film lover ; especially a good World War II movie . However , this movie left me wanting a whole lot more from it . It had a stellar cast , but the sound track was difficult to hear the actors speaking . The plot really dragged on in the beginning and I was wondering when the movie action would pick up ... . and sorry to say , it really did NOT . This could have been a fantastic movie as it is based on a true story . It was sadly dissatisfying for me .
 Slow moving and the plot is boring . Good cast , but the movie is not worthseeing.The title is excellent , but buying the dvd is a waste of money .
 The fighting and shooting scenes were bad jokes compared to today 's movies . For example , in one scene , one of the British hit the area around the shoulder of a German sailor with the butt of his hand gun . It sent the bad guy to the ground unconscious ! Yeah right ! Also the scenes where the main character tailed the enemy are laughable.There was little suspense when the team of retired British boarded the German ship to destroy its transmitting equipment . However , the suspense was quickly shattered by the ridiculous action scenes that followed.Luckily , I borrowed this movie from my local library instead of renting it . Save your money and time on this one .
 Do n't be fooled by the Cast settings . I was lost at the very beginning . I would throw this in the trash but I would hate to be throwing away money . I hate that I bought this new . Maybe used for a dollar would have been better . I have watched a lot , alot of War Films . Old and new . And this movie is not what you would expect from the Top Notch names that are in it . Gregory Pecks is not at his best in this .
 I have pleasant memories of Bridgeville Delaware , where my uncle was actually mayor at one time . -LRB- However , he was neither corrupt nor silly . -RRB- I enjoyed the scenery , particularly Jimmy 's but the story was sort of silly and more like a TV show than a real movie .
 A lot of reviewers have given this boxed set 5 stars , which confuses me because it is undoubtedly a terrible , terrible show . And I 'm not some mad hatin ' reviewer - my colleagues at work are all of pretty much the same stance . The plot jumps are utterly preposterous , the storylines are for the most part dull , and the Jenny character is so awful that part of my pleasure in watching the show is derived from being presented with scenes which she 's not in.However - I have watched the entire season . Why ? Because Katherine Moennig is simply magnetic . Without her , I feel the show would literally be trash - a random assortment of unpleasant items that nobody wants . But with her , it gels -LRB- albeit to a tenuous degree -RRB- and , for me at least , I simply enjoy watching her.Watching the L-Word Season 2 feels like you 're watching Mighty Morphin Power Rangers - that it was once a show that had a completely different plot and for whatever reason it 's been pulled apart , completely re-edited and stuck back together in a vaguely coherent fashion . Moennig deserves much , much better than this ...
 The quality of the DVD is very bad . I is n't the original DVD !!!! I think it 's a bad copy . The sound is n't syncronised with the picture . The quality of the picture is very bad too.I ca n't rate this product correctly . I do n't send it back too cause it would cost me more than to keep it !
 I 've played 2 DVDs of second season.The sound and picture have fallen out of sync so many times I have to wonder if the dvd is a pirate version.If it were n't for the quality of the dvd the item would have 5 stars .
 Only the LGBT community really appreciates their `` issues & challenges '' . This is just another niche series for a niche audience . Years from now , it will be forgotten .
 Do n't watch this show with your family . Very sick subject matter . Looks like the L 's deleted my last comment on here . Warning people that this show is sick is wrong now . WoW .
 This show went downhill in a hurry when it summarily dismissed its most interesting character , Marina . I watched the first season and was so intrigued with her . Then the first episode of the second season ... well , did they really think we would buy that this smart , sexy and intelligent woman would try to KILL herself over of all people . . the dysfunctional Jenny ? I got half-way through the second season and found myself bored . The L Word really messed up when the let go its only true woman in the the lot of girls . What a waste of a tremendous talent .
 What happened here ? Season 1 was funny , silly sexy and fun . People had problems but not , like , FOREVER ! We liked them and wanted to see them be happy , or at least be willling to try to be . Getting through an episode of Season 2 is liked swimming through mud . Characters behave in transparent , unmotivated and unamusing self destructive ways to an irritatingly `` trendy '' soundtrack . Like pod people all these women are becoming the same miserable lesbian with ever increasing homogeneity of hair and clothing styles . Every major character is unhappy in the same ways for each show . I have to admit , I rented this and am probably giving up after four hours that I 'll never get back . I already saw this happen to Six Feet Under so this time , I 'll cut my losses early . We all have the right to life liberty and the PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS . The writers of this show would do well to grant those rights to their characters instead of sticking pins in them just to watch them squirm . It seems sadistic - and not in the fun way - to the audience and the actors who , bless them , really TRY .
 The first season had me hooked . I needed to watch episode after episode and spent whole weekend afternoons doing so . Well then I was so happy to find the second season and jumped in with enthusiasm . That enthusiasm quickly took a dive into just plain boredom . By the last episode I ended up fast forwarding through most of it just looking for small glimpses of interest . These bothered me most : Jenny
 I was thrilled by the first season 's creative and compelling representation of characters . The opening titles , music , dramatizations , editing , as well as , subtle humor of the first season , was an artful and poignant display of life to which many people , regardless of sexual orientation , could relate.I was immediately disappointed by the second season , however , as it quickly dissolved a great work of art and turned it into cheap pulp.I hope that the third and fourth season does n't make the same mistake .
 Some told me about this show . I wish I could erase the few minutes it took me to realize what a worthless show this is .
 This thing is requiring that I leave a review , but I never even watched this show ? What 's up with that ?
 Who does n't like hot lesbians ? ... but only the LGBT community really appreciates the `` issues & challenges '' in this series , so ... no universal , long term appeal . This is just another niche series for a niche audience . Years from now , it will be forgotten .
 Save your $ . Season 1 is way better than Season 2 . Buy Season 1 instead if you have n't done so .
 I really enjoyed the first season ... The second season sucked . Why ? The writing . The actors gave it their best shot but the writing turned this season into a horrible nightmare . People are giving this 5 stars and saying they loved it . I 'm still trying to figure out why . I LOVED the lesbian couple on QaF , but this season is a far cry from the brillance of Queer as Folk . *** minor spoilers *** Tina 's pregancy apparently made her IQ drop a hundred points to getting a crazy girlfriend when everyone knew she wanted Bette back . Bette 's tryst with another woman and wanting Tina back made her bitter , angry and depressed - the whole season.I understand that these are normal things that might happen but the writers took them to extremes that made me feel embarassed for them , and it 's just a show ! These two are the core of this show and when you split them the show just is n't the same.There 's Alice and Dana next ... Alice becomes a headcase with a side of paranoid overbearing girlfriend once she convinces Dana to leave her other girlfriend that I found I enjoyed a lot more than I did Alice in that roll and Dana was blindly ignorant to anything and everything as the season went on , she was n't pregnant but apparently the writers dropped her IQ as well . The two were wonderful the first season as best friends.Jenny ... more psycho than anything in the first season - and that 's saying something . She scares me.Shane was the same who actually gained some depth to her , I enjoyed her parts that 's why there 's one star.Kit was better in the first season because she lost a lot of her depth in the second season.All in all , I wonder if they can salvage the third season . Watch the first season with joy , take the second with a grain of salt , I would n't buy it - rent it .
 please , forgive me my bad english , because I 'm living in Germany.Maybe SEASON 1 was too brilliant , so that the expectations for SEASON 2 were too high . But after looking the first disc of SEASON 2 I was already confused if this was still THE L WORD.The Characters changed in a unexplainable way , the plot is sometimes is so boring that I found me grabbing my remote to play forward and the whole spirit was gone.I felt after every episode in SEASON 1 positive thoughts and the need to find out what 's next , but in SEASON 2 I asked myself why I wanted to see more.Nevertheless , I will finish the whole box , but I will also reduce the euphoric fans of L-WORD that this SEASON 2 is nothing compaired to SEASON 1The 3 stars are only for the actors and their try to save the show with their performances .
 I ordered this so that it would arrive before Valentine 's day . I checked the order date and everythign said it would arrive before , but of course it came after . When I opened the box , it was season ONE , not two . The return process has to be done online . I sent it back for what I ordered and paid for and never heard back from them . I tried to email follow up and never got a reply -LRB- yes , I checked the junk folder -RRB- . Lousy customer service , and all I wanted was an exchange .
 Not sure why I watched it . The story line is very unbelievable . I ca n't say if acting is any better .
 It really is to sexual and i just scanned a few the episodes not something I would spend time on .
 I have not watched the first season . According to some of the reviews I 've read at other sites , the first season was good . I shall see . This review is strictly based on episodes from the second season.Here 's some background about me . I am a single straight male in his 40 's . I live and work in the SF Bay Area . I have known and know lesbians as coworkers , acquaintances , and neighbors . Similar to any minority group , lesbians come in all kinds ; smart & stupid , ambitious and lazy , tall and short , skinny and fat , polite and rude ; you get the picture . Like a good portion of the straight male population , I love gal-on-gal action . After having read and heard many good reviews on this series , I decided to watch a few episodes ; good stories and steamy scenes , I thought.This series is absolutely horrible . The plot is , well , boring . Seems everything leads up to sex in some public place ; restroom , vestibule of a church , sound room of a studio , behind bushes along a jogging trail -LRB- well , it almost happened -RRB- . They f each other `` ring around the rosy '' style ; one after another . At any given time , every character has the hots for someone . If you wish to waste time actually thinking about the plot , you 'd realize that everything every -LRB- lesbian -RRB- character does is so she could f someone . None of the -LRB- lesbian -RRB- characters has any redeeming values . They only show kindness so that in case they need to hook up with that person later.A person in Smalltown , USA , after watching episodes from the second season , would likely believe that all lesbians are sex-crazed , morally depraved -LRB- as in they 'd f any skirt ; best friend 's partner , stranger , potential business investor , teacher , student -RRB- , shallow , lacking completely in common sense , sailor-mouthed , scheming , with messed up psyche.If I were a lesbian , I 'd be furious to see lesbians portrayed this way .
 The set-up here is n't awful
 Horrible . I could n't understand any of it ' the acting was terrible ! Just another skin flick . I would n't recommend to anyone .
 Dear Customer , This movie contains two storylines that feature two very unlikely couples . The first contains a preoperative female-to-male transgender person who meets and falls in love with a gay man . It seems to me that if a woman believes that she is a man and begins the process of changing into a man , then that individual would most likely want to be with a woman . In fact , the idea that a woman would begin taking testosterone so that she could become a gay man seems completely ludicrous to me.The second couple consists of two postoperative male-to-female transgender persons . For the same reasons , this coupling seems as unlikely to me as the first . If a man believes that he is a woman on the inside and goes to all the trouble to surgically alter himself , this individual is going to want to date a man , not another woman . Also , the idea that two people are so in love with each other that they are willing to surgically alter their appearance so that they can look alike is kind of creepy.Unfortunately , because of the unbelievable characters , poor cinematography , and a weak storylines I can only give this movie one star .
 I am a big fan of BTNH , but I 'm tired of spending so much money on bull . This dvd should be around $ 8 . I 'm not saying the DVD is bad , just expected more for $ 20 +
 Alas , John Cleese , the star of this show , misses the mark here , and Sarah Badel , as Katherine , is not only too old for the part but plays her less as a shrew than an alternately abused or abusive mental patient . Perhaps it 's her `` advanced '' age , but I 'd never imagined Kate crying , and this mature woman in tears does not advance the comedy . In my opinion , the best Shrew out there is the 1976 TV version , still available on Amazon , starring Marc Singer of `` Beastmaster '' fame . It 's athletic , bawdy , energetic -- and funny !
 This is literally a depressing production . What would make anyone think there was humor in an English Quaker muted-toned Taming of the Shrew ? Cleese could have done a lot with some imagination but apparently the powers-that-be set out to completely kill any comedy in his performance . The casting of Kate was a mistake she was too old and unlikeable for the part and if he had clobbered her at least it would have put some life in the show . This is supposed to be ribald comedy , that 's how the BARD wrote it and what he wrote was funny but you would n't know it from the way they just rattle off the dialogue . This production has no energy nor creativity and is not worth purchasing .
 This is a well-made Korean horror movie that had lots of potential but it does n't know when to quit . The idea behind it is n't bad , the setting is great . But it loses all its punch because of an ending that seemingly goes on forever .
 I liked what I saw of it , but for some reason , no matter where I went , the video and audio started to unsync after the first act . I never got past Act 1 .
 I was very upset with this purchase . The tv season that I received has 3 discs that contain episodes on them . Only the 1st and 3rd disc worked so I spent $ 30 for just 5 episodes . Whenever I try putting the 2nd disc in to watch it says that the dvd can not be read . I have tried putting it in dvd players and computers to watch the episodes and it does the same thing on all of them .
 To be honest , for a so-called `` reality show '' I guess it passes technical marks , but I simply do n't like the genre , and I 'm not really attracted to New York women . Superficial of me ? Well , it is a TV program , and image is what 's being sold . I like California girls ; country , surfer , suburb -LRB- `` Valley '' -RRB- and all that goes with them . I simply do n't connect with the housewife genre , nor the east coast in general.But , if you 're into looking at the private lives of the privaledge married types , then have a look . You might like it . I did n't . Or rather , I did , but in a rubber-necker road-wreck kind of way .
 I did order this set several months ago , but am just getting around to watching it . The first disc in the set is blank , and I am being sent in circles when attempting to return
 I 'm always interested in films starring Latinos , and fortunately , more are coming out these days bringingout a talent that can be refreshing and original . Latin Dragon , unfortunately offers little of this . It starts out with a portrayal of some realistic-looking LA gang villians , many of which looked exactly like the kind of gangbangers that made life so miserable for many of us when I was growing up as a kid . Unfortunately , the hero is not the one to put an end to their antics in the end . It is their blonde , European White employer , who has them shot while they 're sleeping ! What a disappointment . It 's almost as the film makers ran out of time , budget , or both . At that point in the film , the movie ended up dropping to the typical B , video release only flick , with the typical European bad guy at the top , storyline common to Lorenzo Lamas films like Bounty Tracker . Lorenzo is in this , by the way , and fights the hero to a standstill in the end . The hero 's martial art skill is a tad below decent , offering nothing original or of the intensity you 'd like to see punish these murderous gangbangers . It too resembles the Lorenzo Lamas type karate from his 1990s video action film genre . The story writing gets a little far fetched when the hero is arrested by LAPD , on the charge of killing all of the sleeping gangbangers and his cop brother is allowed to drive him away in his squad car to the police station alone . Yeah , right ! Well , the brother ends up being in cahoots with the blonde , European bad guys and takes his brother to them instead of the police station , apparently unconcerned that his detour will most doubt be noticed by LAPD . With such lame story writing , I 'm sure you 'll be able to predict what 's next . Latin Dragon was a disappointment , but since it is one of the first martial art films by Latinos , it hopefully , is a stepping stone for future improvement .
 Lame action movie about a mexican karate guy who goes after a group of thugs called The Latin Dragon . He also has criminal Gary Busey -LRB- Lethal Weapon , The Lost Highway -RRB- and his bleach blonded badguy henchman Lorenzo Lamas -LRB- Renegade -RRB- on his case as well . Corny action scenes filled to the brim with lame dialouge . Could Lorenzo Lamas be anymore bad in this movie . Save your money and your time from seeing this crappy flick of stupid proporstions . Also starring Robert LaSardo -LRB- Tv 's General Hospital , Blue Streak -RRB-
 short , nothing new nor interesting . It seemed that the first part of the movie was some boring intro about how the author tried to connect with Svetlana . The short pieces of interview itself were abrupt and interrupted by the author . After watching this short piece , i didnt see / hear anything new
 After seeing GHIDORAH , THE THREE HEADED MONSTER , I was excited to see my personal favorite of Godzilla 's enemies return . My opinion of this movie in two words - IT STINKS ! The only parts worth watching are the short battles between Godzilla , Rodan , and Ghidorah . Otherwise the story is fairly boring and ludicrous . The idea of aliens trying to conquer earth using Ghidorah and/or some other monster -LRB- Gigan maybe -RRB- has been used in the series so much , the plots become very predictable , which of couse ruins the fun of the movie . Godzilla and Ghidorah did not fight as much as in this ones predecessor . And the acting was just plain bad . Godzilla did have some cool moments like the battle on Planet X when he does a funky and funny victory dance after roasting Ghidorah with his atomic ray . If you like cool Godzilla movies , skipping this one is worth your while .
 Astronauts Glenn and Fuji -LRB- an American and Japanese -RRB- are sent to explore Planet X , a planet beyond Jupiter that had been previously undetectable due to its dark surface and magnetic disturbances . Once there , the astronauts meet the people of Planet X who are forced to live beneath the surface because of Monster Zero , which is the name they give the three-headed golden dragon , King Ghidrah . They want permission to use Godzilla and Rodan to get rid of Ghidrah , as it was their combined might that expelled Ghidrah from Earth -LRB- q.v. Ghidrah-The Three Headed Monster -LRB- 1965 -RRB- -RRB- . In return , the technologically superior X people promise a miracle drug that would cure all diseases . The men of Planet X surely qualify for some fashion victim award , with their gray suit , black vest , helmets with single protruding antenna , and thin wraparound glasses . They 're quite cold fish at that , seemingly scientific and rational and putting their trust in electronics and computers.Meanwhile , Tetsui , a nerdy inventor whose glasses make him look like a Japanese Buddy Holly , has perfected the Ladyguard Alarm , a shrill handheld alarm system that can be heard for up to one block . As someone who has n't had much luck , he 's quite surprised when the World Education Corporation buys it from him , offering him $ 100,000 . This is just the ammo he needs to impress Fuji , whose sister Harumi is his girl . Fuji is less than impressed with Tetsui , and does n't feel Tetsui is the kind to provide for his sister.Glenn and Fuji though feel they are putting too much trust in Planet X and the Controller . Glenn tells his friend that he saw the Controller here on Earth -LRB- later a truth -RRB- and mentioning something about a plan . Both astronauts fears are confirmed when it turns out the X people have not very benevolent intentions.OK , I know this is the cinematic equivalent of comic book nonsense , so the American-dubbed dialogue is excusable . The colonial Commander 's voice was dubbed by someone who 's clearly a Humphrey Bogart fan . However , Monster Zero is one of the worst in the series . Much of my beef has to be goofs and continuity errors that even King Ghidrah could fly through . For one thing , if I was up to something nefarious , I 'd have cut the quiet sinister laughter of the Controller early in the film . And these aliens , despite their efficiency and scheduled mindset , apparently lack the foresight to search their prisoners . And what was the point of the apparent importance of water on Planet X ? It 's introduced but just as soon deemphasized.In one scene , Glenn tells his girlfriend , a Planet X plant , that life is n't something to be governed by logic and electronics , but feelings . She slips him a note in his pocket seconds before she is executed , but as it 's in response to what he said , she had to have broadcast her thoughts and turned them into ink on the note.And as for the monsters , they only come out in the obligatory fighting and smashing up Tokyo scenes . Godzilla 's silly dance after winning the first fight against Ghidrah is totally embarrassing . The whole drama is centered around the human principals and the people of Planet X and their shenanigans.Nick Adams , who came out in two Doris Day comedies Teacher 's Pet and Pillow Talk , plays Glenn . This is one of his last few films before he died of an overdose from pills he was taking for a nervous disorder . And I recognize a very young Akira Takarada as Fuji . He plays the hotel executive victimized by the yakuza in Minbo-Anti-Extortion Woman.If Mothra had counselled Godzilla and Rodan the same way he did in Ghidrah-The Three Headed Monster , he would 've warned them against coming out of this nonsense . At least the later Destroy All Monsters and early 70 's movies -LRB- e.g. Gigan , Mechagodzilla -RRB- were more interesting .
 I received a bad tape . Everytime I played the tape for five minutes it would go blank . On the outside of the tape was a messege that said -LRB- If you experience picture problems adjust tracking control -RRB- . I played this tape on three different vcrs using the tracking control one with auto tracking and I still had the same problem . The tracking control did n't do any good . I 've bought many movies from Amazon before but this is the only bad one I 've got . The picture quality was perfect until it went blank .
 Summary
 ... right past this movie in the video store . This is the film that convinced me that , outside of Friends , I just do n't care for Jennifer Aniston . For a moment , early in the movie , I thought , `` Hey , she 's actually playing a _ character _ here . '' But it passed , and she went back to her usual , low-rent routine . The script and story were n't bad , but a different lead actress -LRB- maybe Hope Davis -RRB- should have been the first order of business on this production .
 This movie starts as an hip romantic comedy , turns into a serious drama , becomes melodramatic and soap opera-ish , gets into comedy territory again for a while and finally delivers a contrived and slightly unrealistic Hollywood ending . `` The Object of My Affection '' has as many twists and turns as a rollercoaster ride , switching and redefining the status quo a thousand times . Some moments are genuine and heartfeld , others have a sitcom humorous feel and at times it gets overboard with high levels of sugar and sappiness.The story is about the relationship between two young adults , a gay teacher -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and a modern NY girl -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- . Beginning as a tight friendship , their connection then appears to turn into something more deep , and from this point on the plot delivers a lot of subplots and new characters.The acting is overall good and the movie tries to touch some serious issues , but unfortunately the story is so contrived that the result is just uneven and not very impressive . The pacing is n`t the best as well , delivering a lot of slow and dull moments that go nowhere.Despite these flaws , `` The Object of My Affection '' still has some entertainment value and a couple of interesting scenes , even if it ` s just another average movie . With a few improvements this material could rise a bit and become more remarkable , but as it is it ` s not too good neither too bad.Watchable enough .
 Could Jennifer Aniston please stay with Friends . If she ever made a film where she was n't a bubble-headed , belly-bearing , nit-wit , I 'd pay money to see it . This film , thankfully , I watched at a friends -LRB- i.e. free -RRB- . She is horribly over-rated in the industry .
 Quite possibly one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Honestly
 Am I the only one who thought this movie was awful ? Although Aniston and Rudd are quite likable , even they could not save this contrived and insipid film . Not only that , but it was also BORING . I went to see this movie when my friends told me how great it was , but I was very disappointed . Please , wo n't someone out there agree with me that this movie sucked ? ...
 This movie was horrible ! The story line was all wrong and expected . The woman put herself in a nasty situation and expects to change other 's lives for her own benefit . She was too selfish and it got tiring to watch . This movie made you leave the theater feeling very disappointed . I highly recommend that nobody see this flick .
 This is emblematic of all the empty headed s * ? t that comes out of Hollywood . They completely gutted the book of all its complexities and nuances and made it `` acceptable '' to the stupid masses who regularly waste their money seeing s * ? t like this . Jennifer Aniston ca n't act her way out of paper bag .
 I agree with the reviewers who said that this is too sugary too often , and is much too long . Anniston is good , the guy playing the gay character is n't as good as he should be . Towards the end of this overlong soap opera , I did n't care what happened to anybody in it .
 I enjoyed `` Sleepless '' so I can be a romantic but the story of a tiresome female who knows so little about `` gays '' that she thinks she can swing him into `` hetro mode '' by using one pathetic ploy after another , must be a story for `` Spice Girls '' aged fans at the very best . Talk about wanting your money back .
 Wow , I was so crushed at the end of this film . I ADORE the novel , by Stephen Mccauley and thought that Wendy Wasserstein would do his work justice . All that remains are that the characters are still named George and Nina and Nina is pregnant and wants George to help her raise the baby . Gone is Doran , the bane of George 's existance at nursery school , and Paul is n't from Vermont , and his fiesty mother is gone also . In her place is Nigle Hawthorne , doing his damned best with a pointless character . Also , the wonderful Alison Janney is in here in a role that was also NOT in the book . Let 's not even start about how they took poor downtrodden Howard and made him and obnoixious odious little man.Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd are perfectly cast and do their best to make something out of basically nothing . Shame on Ms. Wasserstein for her butchery to Mr. MCCauleys novel .
 In less than ten words
 The only thing about this movie that made an impression on me is that Jennifer Aniston 's nose does in fact resemble a tulip .
 Unfortunately this film was n't what I was expecting . Although Aniston and Rudd work well together and their friendship is touching , if you like a perfect happy ending to your film then do n't watch this.Although the character portrayals were great the actual story left me feeling a little flat .
 My copy of the title was full of technical flaws . Amazon was very prompt to refund it , but a replacement was not available as the title was out of print . I am waiting for a re-release of it so I can then purchase one .
 This movie starts as an hip romantic comedy , turns into a serious drama , becomes melodramatic and soap opera-ish , gets into comedy territory again for a while and finally delivers a contrived and slightly unrealistic Hollywood ending . `` The Object of My Affection '' has as many twists and turns as a rollercoaster ride , switching and redefining the status quo a thousand times . Some moments are genuine and heartfeld , others have a sitcom humorous feel and at times it gets overboard with high levels of sugar and sappyness . The story is about the relationship between two young adults , a gay teacher -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and a modern NY girl -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- . Beginning as a tight friendship , their connection then appears to turn into something more deep , and from this point on the plot delivers a lot of subplots and new characters.The acting is overall good and the movie tries to touch some serious issues , but unfortunately the story is so contrived that the result is just uneven and not very impressive . The pacing is n`t the best as well , delivering a lot of slow and dull moments that go nowhere . Despite these flaws , `` The Object of My Affection '' still has some entertainment value and a couple of interesting scenes , even if it ` s just another average movie.With a few improvements this material could rise a bit and become more remarkable , but as it is it ` s not too good neither too bad.Watchable enough .
 This movie starts as an hip romantic comedy , turns into a serious drama , becomes melodramatic and soap opera-ish , gets into comedy territory again for a while and finally delivers a contrived and slightly unrealistic Hollywood ending . It has as many twists and turns as a rollercoaster ride , switching and redefining the status quo a thousand times . Some moments are genuine and heartfeld , others have a sitcom humorous feel and at times it gets overboard with high levels of sugar and sappyness . The story is about the relationship between two young adults , a gay teacher -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and a modern NY girl -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- . Beginning as a tight friendship , their connection then appears to turn into something more deep , and from this point on the plot delivers a lot of subplots and new characters . The acting is overall good and the movie tries to touch some serious issues , but unfortunately the story is so contrived that the result is just uneven and not very impressive . The pacing is n`t the best as well , delivering a lot of slow and dull moments that go nowhere . Despite these flaws , `` The Object of My Affection '' still has some entertainment value and a couple of interesting scenes , even if it ` s just another average movie . With a few improvements this material could rise a bit and become more remarkable , but as it is it ` s not too good neither too bad.Watchable enough .
 I thought the movie story line , was boring , contrite , and went no where.I believe jennifer aniston carried the movie.Her acting was great , and her comedic approach is always terrific.Why she gets bogged down in poorly written , close to idiotic story lines is quite amazing.her talents are wasted in a movie like this ; whose talents are continuously wasted in poor and meaningless stories and pictures.Again jennifer is the best.She should find better roles to play in . jack purvin , m.d.
 This could very well be the worst movie I have ever seen . Instead of sitting through two hours of pure agony , pull out your toenails with pliers . This will equal the pain felt while watching the movie and take much less time .
 Man , this is lame . Lame , lame , lame . A bad movie . Extremely boring , it will serve you as medicine against insomnia . The greatest swindle is to advertise this one as a comedy . This is not a comedy at all , it 's shher drama , and a bad one by the way . Wasting the talents of a guy like Alan Alda in a turkey like this , for example , is a sin . Rudd and Aniston give good performances , but they do n't have good material to work . The movie drags on and on aparently forever , I kept myself checking the remaining time on my DVD display all the time.There 's absolutely no explanation for a lot of important things that are going on in the movie .
 Terrible movie with layers of convoluted plot to sift through . Would have us believe that society is an amorphous mess with jellybellies running things ... stay away if you value your time .
 Ranks right up there with ` My Bestfriends Wedding ' ! Hopeless romantics like me , like when the impossible happens , like , ` Pretty Woman ' , ` Nottinghill ' , and ` Dirty Dancing ' . In our lives , we deal with disappointment and heartbreak daily ... I certainly do n't want to see it on video .
 I thought this movie was supposed to be a romantic comedy . Wrong . I did n't laugh once and the only romance I saw was between Rudd and his boyfriend ... not what I was expecting ! Not that there 's anything wrong with that -LRB- as Jerry Seinfeld would say -RRB- , but it 's just not the type of movie I would choose .
 At best a bad remake of `` The Next Best Thing '' , at worst ... well , just crap . We would have expected better ...
 this is the worst piece of social garbage I 've ever seen . I do n't watch movies to be indoctrinated by a left wing liberal writer who choses to use this medium to spew her cultural views all over the rest of us . C'mon , an un-married woman gets pregnant by a cheating , self centered heterosexual male only to be rescued by a cute , caring and very gay man self centered man ? The cute little , innocent and sensitive pregnant girl falls in love with the cute gay guy . But of course he 's too gay to romantically fall for her . However , he does love her deeply as a person . Baby is born , grows into a cute little girl of 5 who is emotionally well balanced in every way . The mother has since fallen in love with a black man who she now lives with and everybody lives happily ever after . I think I 'm going to throw up !!
 This movie is not horrible but its boring and does n't really make sense . It tries to be a dark comedy but its not really funny . Its a stupid drama that will put you to sleep . Try Heathers , To Die For , something more fun .
 We went and saw this movie at a special showing at the theatre and i have to say it was not that great . i feel it was way to predictable . for a low budhet movie it was not horrible could have spent a little more time on it .
 This movie is so bad that even grocery store rental kiosks are not carrying it let alone most every other conceivable distribution source . Usual markers of bad - low quality echo like sound quality ; no subtitles ; cheap foreboding same few piano notes to enhance whatever tension might occur except that that consists of a few Halloween store bought knife in the chest props . Settings consist of a couple of houses and some high school that was appropriate given the high school drama class level of acting . Highly improbable storyline of parents trying to kill off young son for the money . Parents try altering the wiring in the wall light switch which was dumb because it would n't do anything but throw the breaker - bad science . Son finds bills stamped in large red letters that say overdue - they do n't come that way . He also finds an insurance policy on him in font so large it must have written for someone with 20/200 vision . He then gives his parents a tablespoon each of powdered rat poison from which they immediately start frothing and die . Does n't happen ; at their masses with that amount it would take days with probably little long term effect.Movie was good for testing the ff button on the remote .
 I absolutely laughed outloud at one of the other reviews who went on and on about the `` direction , acting , blah , blah , blah '' about this movie . This movie -- and I use that term VERY LOOSELY -- has to be one of the worst ever made . SIDE NOTE TO THE CASTING PERSON
 This review is for the Amazon VOD rental of this film . I watched the trailerfor this movie and decided to take a chance on it . I would have been betteroff sticking to the trailer . This did have a decent plot but the acting isjust not very good . The only good thing about the film is that it does havesome beautiful women in it . One of the strippers is simply stunning . I could n'tfind her listed in the end credits . If you like a good action flick keep looking .
 Nicole Kidman stars as Anna , a woman who is remarrying 10 years after the death of her first husband . Enter a 10-year-old boy named Sean -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- , who claims to be the reincarnation of her dead husband , also named Sean . Everyone is skeptical until the boy begins to reveal information that only the older Sean could have known . Is he truly the re-birth of Kidman 's husband?The plot outline sounded intriguing to me , with a multitude of possible directions to explore . For example , I would be interested in what Anna thinks about someone claiming to be her husband . What feelings did it bring forth for her ? Unfortunately , all parties involved in this film botched it massively . The script never examines HOW these people feel about the events . Scene after scene is filled with people doubting that the child is Sean , but no one discusses what the older Sean meant to them or what these boy 's claims elicit in them . The script is also devoid of any humor , taking instead a dreadfully serious tone.In addition , the plot takes several salacious turns , most notably during several scenes in which young Sean makes intimate overtures to Kidman -LRB- sharing a bathtub , kissing her -RRB- . These scenes are not graphic but quite disturbing nevertheless . In another scene , Kidman begins exploring with young Sean what would happen if they did become a couple again , asking him if he 's ever made love to a girl . Not many 10-year-old boys are sexually active , Nicole ! The movie ends up coming off creepy , and one is left wondering how in the world the savvy Kidman became involved in this mess.Directed by Jonathan Glazer who did the far superior `` Sexy Beast , '' the movie has a terrific look -- icy and gorgeous . However , the cinematography is the only redeeming quality . Kidman is good in a few scenes , but her character is so under-developed that it 's difficult to call her overall performance good . She did , however , somewhat inexplicably receive a Golden Globe nomination.Ultimately , `` Birth '' is a movie with an interesting idea , but it resoundingly fails to explore the scenario with any nuance . The ending is a particularly cryptic and unsatisfying disaster . The DVD also has very few extras and no director 's commentary , disallowing further understanding of the film . Not recommended .
 I know a lot of people probably ask - well when you read the plot what were you expecting ? And honestly I did read the plot and right away I knew this movie was going to be pretty strange . Yet I did n't think they would get too ... ahem intimate as they did . I mean come on , I 'm not a prude but people this is a ten year old boy , sitting naked in a bath with a much older woman . That was a very uncomfortable scene to me and I think they took it a little too far there . And I know there are plenty of other reviews that said the same thing about this scene and honestly it is just downright weird why they did this - why would they put a young boy in such a scene - that is a little twisted to me . They should n't have gone that far . And of course I was expecting the boy to come into her life of course and sit down and talk with her and they would speak to each other . But the movie seemed more interested in constantly pushing the sex card on them , trying to make the film very weird . I think they wanted people to find it uncomfortable , and I do n't know why . I could not believe Nicole Kidman 's character actually even considered being with him that was just disgusting . And how could she truly know if it was him ? I mean the whole thing would have made any normal woman dismiss it and warn the boy never to speak to her on that again.Anyway though , there were other problems besides that.Like the movie I thought was very ... well bleak . I was never blown away by the scenes , nor the words spoken - all it did was leave me cold and uncomfortable . This whole movie was cold , and the actors looked like they were cut from stone . There was hardly any fire in any of the actors , most of the time everyone was just staring at each other coldly . The whole ending was pretty weak and left nothing there at all . The one thing I relied on in this whole movie after awhile was some kind of answer , some kind of ending that would finally end this constant is he - is he not dilemma . But no . You get nothing . Which made the movie one of the worst I had ever seen , and I 've seen plenty other worse films , but this one goes into that category too.Overall the story sounds interesting , but do not buy it . It could have been made better and less strange . But the plot is slow , weird and just not one most people would enjoy seeing . It is embarassing and Kidman I ca n't believe wants to remembered in such a film .
 Let 's get one thing straight here people . The boy was not naked in the tub . Of course you saw him take off his clothes , but you never saw anything above the knees . He was wearing a bathing suit I 'm sure . Child Services people are present at EVERY film where there are minors involved . End of that subject.This could have been a great movie if the boy had been just a little bit older . Even 18 would have done the trick . What point was it to have a 10 year old in that situation ? The acting was great , but the whole premise was totally lost in the cradle and highchair robbing being done by the character of Nicole Kidman.Run away together ? In 11 years you 'll be 21 ? Give me a break!I gave this movie two stars only because the other actors has the guts to show up .
 I do not recommend this movie . And not at all for the same reasons as some of the other reviewers state . The bathtub scene did n't bother me in the slightest . I `` got '' it.That said , I had high hopes for Birth , but felt incredibly let down in the end . Birth really had the potential for brillance - had the writers , producers and directors handled the complex plot better.Visually , most of the scenes -LRB- not all -RRB- are stunning . However , Nicole Kidman was poorly cast . She seemed a tad too old and has had way too much Botox , which makes her unchanging , constant , teary-eyed stare a bit annoying . Not only that , the director awkwardly pauses on her face for extended periods of time that adds little to no value to the plot or the emotional investment of the viewer -LRB- example is when she and Joseph are at the theatre or opera or concert of some sort -RRB- . The sister role was badly cast making it seem as though Anna 's sister is harboring some deep hate for her , which was also strange and awkward . The little boy cast as Sean is AMAZING . Truly talented and I hope to see him in other roles soon . Despite his incredible performance , the director , producers , writers and actors missed the mark on this one .
 This is just a train wreck of a movie . The basic premise is so flawed - and I should say here that I believe in reincarnation - that nothing that happens over the next however long this movie is can save it . Ostensibly its themes are about grieving and recovery , but the treatment of those themes is outlandish and so trivialized as to make it almost insulting . At the heart of this story is Anna -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- - a character so utterly unimpressive you have to wonder why Joseph has become so enamored with her . There is absolutely nothing special about her - very little personality , not THAT great looking - what makes her such a prize ? And yet Joseph - after being dumped -LRB- essentially -RRB- for 10-year old Sean -LRB- a 10-year old ! - oh puh-leeze ! -RRB- - takes her back by the movie 's end . The only scene which has anything remotely resembling what could be called passion is when Joseph loses his cool at 10-year old Sean who is kicking the back of his chair at a chamber music performance in the apartment . Finally , he shows some gumption , but it 's the only time in the whole movie . Yeah , this is true to real life . At this point any self-respecting adult male would cut his losses and move on - what Anna does have is a lot of baggage - but pathetically he does n't . In one of the movie 's pivotal scenes to unraveling the `` mystery '' we find out that the original Sean apparently did n't think Anna was such a prize either . We come to learn that while he was still alive -LRB- was this during the running scene ? -RRB- he has had an affair with his sister-in-law , Clara -LRB- Anne Heche -RRB- . Well yeah , that I believe . Look at the love scene with Joseph and Anna - she lays there like a dead fish in bed . A subtly nuanced performance by Ms. Kidman as some have said ? How about an utterly boring performance . Is there a fine line between subtly nuanced and boring ? No - I do n't think so.With a storyline this lame and unbelievable what the film actually resorts to , or tries to , is its visual style . A couple of reviewers have described it as `` visually sumptuous '' -LRB- and invoked Woody Allen 's `` Interiors '' as an example , then harking back to Bergman of course -RRB- so what we have here is a movie trying for style over substance . And even that does n't work . This is like the difference between art and art that `` looks like art '' - the latter might actually look good , but it 's always soooo bad . And if `` visually sumptuous '' means a `` classic 6 on the upper east-side '' or whatever the apartment is where the sophisticated , genteel people meet and live veiled lives of duplicity and hypocrisy , then count me out . Ugh - enough of these sophisticates already . New York really should not be the center of the cultural universe as many of these types of people like to think . These are cultured people at their worst - cerebral , uninvolved , dispassionate and the people who like this kind of stuff probably prefer erotica to real heady , sweaty sex and passion -LRB- oh ... literary agents and the publishing world for example -RRB- . This was a complete waste of time . I 'm just glad I did n't fork over any money either at the theater or for the DVD . Just appallingly bad and laughable at the same time . Along with `` The Forgotten '' - remember people getting sucked up into the sky ? - this is the worst movie I 've seen in the last year . This `` Birth '' arrives stillborn and never should have seen the light of day .
 Very interesting situations
 The premise of this film is intriguing but it is so badly delivered that it seems as though the script were incomplete . This is a film where very little is said ; there are long , annoying shots of winter trees , icy New York streets , etc. all amounting to abolutely nothing . Questions that are so obvious are not even touched upon , and Nicole Kidman comes across as mentally ill herself.It ends so abruptly , as if the director said , `` Let 's just end this thing and put ourselves out of our misery '' . This film insults the intelligence of any viewer in a way that is shameful . What a waste of an evening .
 This movie 's only saving grace is Nicole 's strong acting ability , gorgeous scenamatopgraphy , and the beautiful musical score ... otherwise it is the most unrealistic , and unsettling movie I have ever seen from Kidman . This movie is pretty much about a very gullable and emotionally unstable widow , who is about to remarry when a 10 year old boy tells her that he is the reincarnation of her late husband . The movie drags on tideously with little suspense and ends with a very predictable ending . This movie is embarassing . It has no logic or reason , no likable characters , and the little boy in this movie is about as charming as a wet gym sock . Why a grown woman would allow herself to fall in love with a child like that is beyond me . It really makes no sense . It makes me question whether there are any adults that stupid in this world.I do n't advocate child abuse but If I were Nicole Kidman 's character in this movie , I would have beat that evil little boy to a bloody pulp in the end . That would have made the movie a little more satisfying in my opinion .
 A potentially fascinating plot - exploring the possibilities of reincarnation , is largely wasted by flat and painfully slow delivery.Even the usually dependable Ms Kidman just looks like she 's going through the motions here , and the legendary Lauren Bacall is utterly wasted.A couple of inspired moments - the growing jealousy of Kidman 's fiancee and , of course , the famous bath scene with the creepy Cameron Bright -LRB- does the poor lad / always / play such roles ? -RRB- , raise the interest momentarily and just about save this from being a lone-star movie but , believe me , you will feel totally cheated by the -LRB- non - -RRB- ending.An opportunity wasted .
 Nicole Kidman is brilliant in this movie , yet it is unfortunate that even her performance can do nothing to rescue this slow , dragging , dull , pitiful , ill-conceived movie from the rubbish bin.This COULD have been a brilliant movie if it been directed by a different director . The premise was one of reincarnation , which I believe in and therefore had no problem with this aspect of the movie . The beginning was inconsequential and silly . A good beginning would have been an introduction to the husband before death , indeed getting to know the fellow . Then there could have been some beautiful `` repetition of form '' in the characteristics and nuances of the boy form of the husband . Instead not only do you not get to know the husband but alas , you never get to know the boy as he never utters a word that has any real meaning . You would think that with so few words spoken one or two of them could have been meaningful . There was one interesting plot twist that was quite good but even that was lost in the morass of slowness . The young boy was agonizingly dull and dreadful in the movie I had the impression that he acted exactly as requested by the director therefore none of the blame for his character should rest with him . All actors performed their parts exceedingly well - The director needs a brain transplant.I do not normally rate movies . This one was so bad I had to make a comment or two .
 I ca n't believe this film get so many positive reviews . For me it wasjust a boring experience.To begin with , the movie develops WAY too slow . Long pauses withnothing going on are quite often.The boy 's character -LRB- Sean -RRB- is just crazy . And not in a good way . Ifyou watch a comedy , you can feel sympathy for crazy characters . Butwhen you watch a film targeting so called `` sophisticated audience '' youwant characters to make a bit more sense.Ten years after Anna 's husband 's death the boy comes along claimingthat he is the husband , Sean . Acting rather weirdly , and not makingany effort to convince anyone that he actually is Sean . If he reallywere Sean and loved Anna as much as he claimed he should 've stayedaway from her . It 's been ten years for her , after all . And he is afreaking boy who -LRB- apparently -RRB- spent 10 years in a freezer.Unfortunately this point was not voiced by any of the characters , which again raises question about their intellectual abilities .
 If we were to sum up the main theme of this story in the fewest words the title of this review would say it all . When this movie was first released the main and possibly only draw was that the story was about the relationship of an adult woman and a 10 year old boy who says he is the woman 's dead husband . The 100 's of other reviews can inform you of the basics of this movie . I would like to save some of you time by saying that the story is weak and , unless you like tales involving obsessive and emotionally irresponsible people , than you may be tempted to stand up and yell , `` Are there any adults around here ?! '' . You may find yourself torn . You may like tales like `` The Turn of the Screw '' , where you wonder if the premise could be true or is it just a case of mental illness , That is , if you catch that the boy finds the love letters of the widow 's dead husband 's mistress before he announces he is her dead husband . Our , you may be deeply troubled as to why would responsible adults allow an unhealthy infatuation continue between an emotionally troubled adult and a child . I admit I am biased . I have enough friends who have been damaged when they were young . We do n't need stories like this to inspire troubled people to pull children into their fantasies and mess with their minds .
 This movie just felt wrong from the beginning . The subject matter is disturbing , but that is n't even why I disliked it . It was just all very odd . The plot , the character portrayals . Its a very pointless film and really not what it seems or what it pretends to be . It was n't a confusing film , but at the end , I was left scratching my head . It was a waste of time and a waste of talent .
 There 's a fine line between audaciously provocative and downright creepy , and unfortunately , director Jonathan Glazer crosses it way too many times in this oddly discomforting 2004 film . However , the biggest sin he commits is instilling its enervating pace and presenting its bloodless , cipher-like characters . With its relentlessly beige tones and sense of upscale ennui , it reminds me somewhat of Woody Allen 's 1978 Bergmanesque detour , `` Interiors '' , but with the metaphysical questions it raises , I have a feeling Glazer is going more for the off-kilter vibe of M. Night Shyamalan 's 1999 neo-classic , `` The Sixth Sense '' . Co-written in a resolutely elliptical manner by Glazer , Milo Addica and Jean-Claude Carri&egrave;re , the story starts with the sudden death of Sean , a young husband out for a jog in Central Park , and then cuts to a decade later when his widow Anna prepares to remarry . At her mother 's birthday party , a ten-year old boy enters unannounced and claims to be her late husband . The rest of the movie focuses on everyone 's attempts to discredit the boy , while Anna grapples with her lingering feelings of grief and hope about the possibility of reincarnation . You would think passions would run high with this sort of set-up , but there is just one outburst about an hour into the film . Otherwise , the characters merely take in the fantastical story with jaundiced aplomb . Perhaps there is a contemporary realism in their lack of emotional response , but it simply makes for lifeless drama for the rest of us.At least Nicole Kidman makes a valid attempt at credibility as Anna within the confines of the preposterous structure . She achieves a few moments of genuine poignancy , for example , the lingering close-up of her anxiety-ridden face at the opera , but her character 's emotional turnaround is handled in such a truncated manner that her later scenes feel utterly preposterous . With his opaque blue eyes , Cameron Bright is just a little too spooky as the unmovable boy , an eerie cross between Damien from `` The Omen '' and an extra from `` Children of the Corn '' . Perhaps it was intentional to cast such an unsentimental child in the role , but it is ironically he , not Kidman , who lends an unsettling twinge to their infamous bathtub scene and another scene where he and Kidman kiss on the street.Danny Huston , who seems to be stuck playing the most unsavory parts in films , plays Anna 's slow-burn fianc&eacute;e Joseph in such an unhinged manner that you do n't want Anna to marry him regardless of the story . Lauren Bacall lends atypical deadpan support as Anna 's mother , as she is completely robbed of her larger-than-life persona . Arliss Howard and Alison Elliot have even less to do in their roles as the questioning in-laws , and I am completely baffled by the appearance of stage legend Zoe Caldwell as a family acquaintance . A skeletal-looking Anne Heche plays a pivotal role in unlocking the central mysteries , but the handling of her character and the ensuing situation is an unmitigated botch . In fact , there is next to no satisfaction to the ending , which seems to avert completely the metaphysical questions the film raises . Just the theatrical trailer is included as an extra on the DVD .
 The premise of `` Birth `` as has been detailed in over 100 previous reviews is that a young woman , played by Nicole Kidmann , a widow for a decade , is about to re-marry . . Suddenly a ten year old boy appears , sneaking into her apartment during a birthday celebration for her mother , and announces that he is her long dead husband . . From this point onward the film , which is has a rather ridiculous plot to begin with , becomes even more ridiculous . . The reactions to this rather obsessive behaviour on the part of the boy by all of the adults is about as realistic as the notion that the moon is made out of green cheese . . The widow , already pegged as being in fragile mental health before the boy 's startling assertions about his alledged idenity becomes even more unhinged , although the manifestations of same are subtle rather than heavy handed and obvious . . After some early doubt she falls for his story , as do some of the other adult members of her family . . The boy 's parents , instead of taking the boy to the nearest shrink instead let the boy stay overnight at the widow 's apartment , thus enabling the mental problems of both widow and boy and letting them grow . . While there in the widow 's apartment , with the apparent blessing of all of the widow 's kin -LRB- with the sole exception of `` joseph '' the widow 's newly aquired fiance , whose reaction is jealous rage -RRB- the widow explores the boy 's obsession and , once convinced that the boy is indeed the reincarnated husband , responds to him as if there is nothing wrong with a thirty-something woman being in love with a ten year old boy . . This particularly perverse theme is taken to disgusting extremes when the two are both naked together in the same bathtub , and , a little later , ALMOST sleep together in the same bed . . Well , it turns out that a little incident at the very begining of the film SHOULD have tipped us all off and , by the way , blown the whole premise of the film to much-deserved bits . . The film opens with the engagement party for the widow and `` Joseph '' . . One of the invited guests is Anne Heche , wife of `` Clifford '' who had been best man at the widow 's first wedding . . Heche tells her husband to go up to the party without her , making some excuse . . She then sneaks across the street to a park and disappears into some bushes where she buries a sheaf of papers and thinking that she has not been seen , leaves to attend the party . . But she had been seen , by a boy , who had followed her . . As it turns out the sheaf of papers are letters . . Heche had been the mistress of Kidmann 's first husband and the letters are evidence , and all of the details necessary for someone to know things , intimate things , about Kidmann and her deceased husband . . So , obviously , the boy found the letters , read them , and imagined himself to have become the dead husband . . Reason enough , when he first says so , for any REAL parent to have him looked at by competent professionals . . Also obviously , the widow is in a very fragile state of mental health , and when , very quickly , she buys into the boy 's story , the adults around her should have made sure that she too see a doctor , rather than consenting to such perverse things as letting the two be naked together in one of those small,claw-footed white bath-tubs . . Some think that this film is `` daring '' and `` Brilliant '' , but it is a weak story , dependent upon extreme , almost pornographic themes to keep it stumbling along , to a very lame and unconvincing conclusion ...
 what a dumb movie Birth was . it should be renamed `` afterbirth '' as in placenta . yuck ... stupid with no ending . the story line was obviously too much for the writer to handle . what a waste of a deeper subject .
 I can not remember the last time I saw a film that began so spectacularly well only to so miserably blow it in the end . The first half of the film is like an Anton Chekhov ghost story by way of Stanley Kubrick - creepy , haunting , gorgeous , mysterious , transgressive - and then at some point it suddenly careers off a cliff . I was waiting for it to go south all along -LRB- so many films disappoint -RRB- but it kept getting better and better and my hopes kept lifting . When it began to get bad , it was n't even in the typical Hollywood ways that I had expected . It was worse . The air went out of it , the suspense drained away - it was a movie that needed to remain at least partially ambiguous , to be allowed to be allegorical . Instead , the filmmakers tried to finally ground it in reality and ended up killing it off .
 This movie opens with a man running through a snowy park . He runs and runs . And runs some more . More running . Run , run , run . Finally , he keels over . Then we see a newborn baby.Next , we are told that it is ten years later . Anna -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- , is the widow of the running man . She has become engaged to Joseph , rather pompous and boring , but not bad-looking . They are having a birthday party at what turns out to be her mother 's -LRB- Lauren Bacall -RRB- very expensive apartment . Apparently the whole familia lives there - but I had to deduce bit by bit who was who -LRB- never did figure out the identity of the lady who told Anna there was no Santa Claus -RRB- - her pregnant siter , who looks nothing like Anna , her husband , Anna and her fiance Joseph -LRB- sleeping in the same bed - apparently her mom is pretty liberal -RRB- , and of course , the mother . Oh , and the maid.Into this very well-ordered and stodgy existence , steps Sean , a ten year old boy who proclaims himself to be Anna 's dead husband , also named Sean . At first Anna does n't believe him -LRB- nobody else ever does -RRB- , but then she succumbs to her desire to be reunited with her beloved husband , albeit not much you can do with a ten year old boy who has absolutely no sense of humour , no charm , and of course , nothing in common with Anna . But , he says he loves her . And people believe what they want to believe , what they need to believe.The movie was dark and grainy . Much of it made no sense . There was no background on Anna and her husband Sean 's relationship -LRB- except the minute amount you hear from a third party -RRB- . This film was n't terrible . I laughed several times at the sheer ridiculousness of some of the scenes . But most of it was pretty dull , especially several minutes focusing on Anna 's face . A sex scene that was n't necessary , and then went on far too long . Long closeups of Sean 's face . Well , I guess they had to fill the time somehow . The film was only 140 minutes long , so it was bearable.Unless you can relate to losing someone and hoping that for some reason that person would show up in the body a ten year old , I ca n't really recommend this movie as worthwhile .
 This movie does n't even deserve a 1 star rating ! Ca n't we have something like a -- 100,000,000 ? I have to say this is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life to the extend that it has no real plot , no real acting , and no real substance at all . This has to be one of those `` art '' movies that no one understands , not even those deep intellectual spiritualists that prolificates on the profoundness of the spiritual world . The subject matter has been handled much better by others who at least had a plot in mind before they took pen in hand or stepped behind or in front of a camera . Do n't waste your time or your money unless you want to sit in a theatre and eat popcorn and drink a coke and relish the dim lights .
 Let 's try something different here.Birth is a film with a compelling idea at its center -- what if someone you loved deeply were to die , and then ten years later a child showed up and said he or she was that person reincarnated -- that just blows its opportunities in so many ways that a laundry list of its failures , miscalculations and pretentions really would n't serve any purpose at all . So let 's make believe for a moment that I 'm a script editor who has just received the shooting script and possibly even the storyboards for Birth . I 've been asked by the studio to make some comments for the director , Jonathan Glazer , because some executive had a moment of clarity and felt something was missing from the project and thought Mr Glazer would actually give a damn about my observations -LRB- I know this is a stretch , but we 're in Fantasyland now , so stay with me -RRB- . These would be my notes -LRB- there are spoilers , for those who have n't seen the film -RRB- : - First , let 's be clear -- this film is about grief . Whether or not the ten year old is actually the reincarnation of the dead husband is , for the moment , secondary . The character of Anna has been grieving for ten years over the loss of her husband , and the audience needs to feel some approximation of why she is grieving in order to get on board emotionally with the rest of the story . A few short scenes at the beginning of the film should introduce this man and establish the relationship between him and Anna . Nothing heavy handed , just character-building . We need to like him as a person , and we need to feel the warmth between them . Introducing him through a voice over on a blank screen discussing a question of reincarnation , as you do here , is a cheat to the audience and a very clumsy , obvious way of establishing the `` set-up . '' - Consider changing the setting of the story in order to help it resonate with as many viewers as possible . Your characters are by and large rich , privileged New Yorkers living in luxury . While this group of people has just as many troubles as the rest of us , most people wo n't be able -LRB- or care -RRB- to relate to them . Your characters do n't seem to have jobs and do n't really seem to do much of anything that real people do , but your central issue here -- grief -- touches all of us . I suggest making your characters middle class , and use this as an opportunity to examine the `` quiet desperation '' -LRB- as TS Eliot called it -RRB- of these people . I believe this will also help warm up the characters and make them more human , which you need to do even if you maintain the setting . - Given the implausibility of the little boy 's assertion , the other characters never ask enough questions , never talk enough , never express themselves enough to deal with the question in a realistic manner . It 's not just Anna , after all , who would miss the dead man and still be grieving in some way . And even if they 're not , the skepticism would be overwhelming and would result in , if not outright interrogation , some sort of response from all of them . If the point here is to have characters who are closed off from their emotions and ca n't communicate with each other , accentuate this idea more , and then use the little boy 's appearance as a means of exploring -LRB- and exploding -RRB- the issue . An effective story ultimately sees its characters change throughout the course of its plot , and the little boy is poised within this story to bring remarkable insight and transformation in at least one , if not many , of the other characters . - The ultimate explanation for how the boy knows what he knows is unsatisfying in the extreme because of what I 've mentioned in the above paragraph about the likelihood of others questioning him at length . It answers the question `` is he or is n't he ? '' but does so at the expense of believability . It also makes the boy out to be a budding sociopath for whom we have no sympathy , which again goes back to the issue of allowing the audience to connect with your characters . I suggest something bold -- make the reincarnation real . If you are loathe to venture into the area of the supernatural , take The Sixth Sense as your model of a film that succeeds as a human drama regardless of the supernatural element . This will also take the emphasis off the `` suspense '' aspect of the story -LRB- which does n't work -RRB- and will allow you to focus on the grief theme as well as give the boy more depth . If he really is this man reincarnated whole cloth , he will be confused and in pain as well . There wo n't be an easy way out of this situation , but if underplayed it could be very powerful -LRB- see The Sweet Hereafter for another example of an effectively underplayed exploration of grief -RRB- . - As you can see , most of my comments above refer to issues of characterization . Whether or not you choose to take my advice on any of the finer points , I advise having your characters make more believable decisions based on who they are as people . This will require further thought on your part in regard to their individual personalities and backgrounds , but the story will be stronger as a result of this attention . - My last remarks involve the score you want to use for the film . After reviewing your notes and listening to the rough sketches by the composer , I advise taking a more subtle approach . The music you have here is at odds with the tone the film needs . Rather than forming an emotional undercurrent for each scene , the score stands out too prominently on its own and upstages the action , as if to say `` look at me , I 'm the film score . '' A film score should always be in service to the emotional underpinnings of the story and should be integrated in such a way that it becomes part of the overall tapestry of the experience , not something that distracts attention from it . For lessons in effective film scoring , see Bernard Herrmann 's work on Vertigo -LRB- which deals with obsession as opposed to grief , but has parallels to this story -RRB- . Oh , and lose the upbeat swing tune you want for the end credits . It 's a slap in the face to both the characters and the audience , considering the emotional maze you 've just led them through .
 I agree with other reviewers who state that the way the characters react and interact after Sean shows up , is the most important element of the film . However , the film is presented with an inclination towards a mystery , with reincarnation as its central theme . Thus its name `` Birth '' . The opening scenes include a man dying and a baby just after delivery . As an audience , we are being set up ; manipulated by a very well planted seed . That Nicole Kidman is a suffering widow is painfully obvious and we , as the audience , feel for her . We want to believe that 10 year old Sean is her Sean . But then they kiss and take a bath together . Or is it the other way around ? Does it really matter ? Any sense of compassion and sorrow is replaced with '' ... Whoa , that 's twisted . '' Not to mention illegal . At this point , I wish Sean really had come back , but as a horse , so that he and Nicole could ride off into the sunset >> Roll credits ... A contender that explores the human heart , deep emotions , family dynamics , and an agonizing inability to let go , Birth stumbles on its own contrived plot , and ultimately fails to deliver a knock out .
 I agree with an earlier reviewer that with such interesting subject matter , they really did a laim job with this movie . not only are there parts of the plot that just dont make sense , but the whole movie drags along like a rake through honey . some of the scene changes are so awkward that it takes you a few moments to figure out what might be going on . The only reason I rented this movie was because it sounded interesting , and Kidman was in it . I think the director knew this . this movie would have been nothing without her name . rent it if you must , but dont buy it . save your money .
 I ca n't for the life of me understand how people can give this movie anything but a thumbs down . It plods along going nowhere for minutes at a time , uses gratuitous sex and nudity for no purpose that furthers the plot line -LRB- which is absurd -RRB- , and comes to a ridiculous conclusion with our heroine walking into the surf in her wedding gown for no apparent reason . My partner and I watched this film , and found ourselves looking at each other after about 30 minutes saying , `` ok , we 've got enough of the plot line - now lets move along '' . It was way too slow to develop , especially since there really is n't any big climax coming at the end . The thing just kind of dies with a whimper and does n't resolve at the end . Nicole Kidman does a fine job of acting her part , conveying her grief , but that really ca n't save this pitiful attempt at movie making . The only thing that can recommend this film is that it is n't the usual formulaic Hollywood crap , but that is n't enough to redeem a lousy script and overblown trailers that seem to indicate a gripping story which never materializes . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 This is positively one of the absolute worst films I 've ever watched . Hard to imagine that anyone could take a subject as interesting and provacative as reincarnation and manage to turn out a film as excruciatingly boring and tedious as this one.A major bowser , folks . Do n't waste your time .
 Hollywood has gone nuts . If you do n't believe it , look at this movie . I mean really look hard with an intelligent , discerning eye . Then when the credits roll , you 'll say `` What ??? `` The premise of this film is that a ten year old boy claims to be the reincarnated husband of a widow . -LRB- And does it badly by the way . -RRB- That 's it . There is nothing else . No ending , no logic , nothing . The two hour running time of this film is full of bad filler . Even bringing Lauren Bacall and Anne Heche into this cinematic disaster does nothing for it . It is ridiculous . Save your money .
 Hello , child protective services?The last time I saw or read about an adult taking a bath with a 10 year old , that person ended up getting 25 years for Child Sexual Abuse . That scene alone should have been enough to assure that this film never saw the light of day . In a time when we are seeing an terrifing increase in crimes against children , it is irresponsible and downright criminal to allow something like that to be shown in a motion picture.I am only thankful that I did not waste any money to see this picture .
 I watched this because of the controversial hype it got . Birth is a slow , boring movie . The producers should 've hired a lighting director , because the movie needs one .
 One of the most boring 90 minutes of my life-sitting throught this movie . If you have any intelligence at all -- you 'll have the plot figured out within the first fifteen minutes . Lots of filler -- such as the scene focused on Nicoles face for about a minute with nothing happening -- other than some uninspired background music droning . While not a prude -- I found the scenes of Nicole and a ten year old boy naked in a bathtub together to be in very poor taste and simply an excuse for some cheap pedophile thrills -- I 'm sure if it were an adult male with a pre-teen female -- there would have been more objections.If you want to see a good movie about reincarnation -- though a bit of a comedy-I recommend `` My Left eye sees Ghosts '' -- a far superior movie to this boring waste . In advance -- I know everyone who disagrees with my evaluation will say it was n't helpful . So be it -- at least it 's honest !
 Remember the part in `` Revenge of the Nerds '' where nerd Lewis dons the Darth Vader helmet and fools Betty into thinking he 's jock Stan so they can go into the moon room at the funhouse and make out ? Imagine a two hour version of that scene played straight with a kid version of Booger . Nicole Kidman is pretty , though , and the film is chock full of lingering close-ups of her -- takes I suspect `` Sexy Beast '' director Jonathan Glazer hoped would convey deep emotional turmoil . To me , she looked as if she was just mulling over her grocery list at the symphony , at the party , in the bedroom ... Here 's a weird story
 does nicole kidman ever do anything other than crappy movies?her script choices and sometimes even her acting are disgraceful . the bathtub scene in this movie was unnecessary and in poor taste .
 The movie sucks , and that 's all there is . It is very uncomfortable to watch and the movie contains less dialogue than a play by Marcel Marsoue . That is to say that there is maybe 30min of meaningful dialogue in this two hour movie . They should have named the movie `` Two hours of your life wasted on uncomfortable silence and awkward situations , no action , no comedy , no real drama , just absurdity . '' This movie made me want to fly to Hollywood and personally slap everyone involved . Then fly around and slap some sense in anyone who actually liked the movie . Save your money , watch Gili , or League of Extraordinary Gentlemen if you want your money 's worth of crap , this one will leave you severely disappointed . If I got to see the movie for free I would still demand my money back , along with enough money to buy or build a time machine so I can get my two hours back , and possible slap myself for going through the trouble to see this vacuous waste of a movie . Do n't get me wrong , the trailer was awesome , it actually made this film look as though it would be a rather intense ride , full of thrills and disturbing items , the trouble is the trailer contained almost all the dialogue from the film , the rest of the movie is nothing but blank space . Like Phone Booth , they could have trimmed this down to a short subject film and made it more interesting , but 100 minutes of creepy stares and awkward situations merely makes one squirm in the seat rather than makes one interested in the film . Long story short , save your money , here is the ending ... he made it all up , he found what she buried in the ground and made it all up and even after she finds this out , she still wants him , how sick is that . You can thank me later for saving you the agony of watching the movie .
 This is an agonizing , slow , plodding and pointless film . A total waste of two hours .
 I was really drawn to the storyline of this movie and thought it sounded pretty original ... . a young woman -LRB- played by Nicole Kidman -RRB- is widowed and grieves for the loss of the husband she loved so dearly . Just as she is ready to move on with her life and becomes engaged , a 10 year old boy crashes her engagement party and flat out tells her that he is her dead husband , Sean , reincarnated.Kidman 's character brushes the incident off as a sick prank and everyone else brushes it off too . That is until the boy keeps right on harrassing Kidman 's character saying that he is her dead husband , Sean . Kidman 's character and that of fiance 's character track down the boy 's parents and tell them to stop his antics.Finally Kidman 's character begins to believe the boy may in fact be the reincarnated version of her deceased hubby , when the 10 year old boy manages to come up with a few convincing facts ... . However , I did n't find all of what he said or did n't say to be convincing enough to throw away her entire life for him.Kidman 's character wants so badly for this boy may to be her deceased husband reincarnated that she begins entertaining the boy 's every whim . Like having him stay overnight at her home , taking baths with him , spending more time with him after school , etc. . Kidman 's character starts neglecting her fiance and others in her life because she is preoccupied with this 10 year old boy.You ca n't help but wonder throughout the movie if this is a cruel practical joke being played on Kidman 's character or if in fact this boy is really the reincarnated version of her husband or simply mentally ill . We eventually find out that the boy is n't Kidman 's character 's deceased husband through a series of events . However , we never truly discovered why he pretended to be her deceased husband and how he knew so much about her former husband and their life together .
 The concept of Birth is simple
 I was extremely excited about this film when I first read about it in my entertainment magazines . It seemed that it was cutting edge , provocative , and something that the world would shun , yet somehow emerge as one of the greatest cinematic stories told . This is exactly what I thought prior to seeing the film . Now , after witnessing the sheer dullness of Jonathan Glazer 's direction , the methodically slow pacing , and the poorly placed puzzle pieces , this film fell way short of it 's goal and my excitement . A great idea was conceived with this film , but sadly it was the execution and `` life-changing '' moments that had you at utter disbelief instead of amazement . The foundation of this film was not set correctly , which ultimately caused the rest of this film to be somewhat skewed . Birth is one of those films that tries to attach itself to your intellect , but instead feeds off your need to know `` what will happen next '' . Sadly , when the answer is nothing spectacular , we are left with hidden words , muddied emotions , and a pathetic film that should not have seen the light of day.I must first say that the plot of this film impressed me . It is one that you do not see in mainstream Hollywood at all , which I am glad it was explored in the independent circuit . Here you have a child who believes that he is her dead husband reincarnate . Imagine having to rebuild your passions and lives with a complete stranger basing everything off of just plain old `` faith '' . That would be tough , and I think Nicole does an exceptional job of showing the bizarre nature of this event . Her emotional range is superb , ranking among the best Hollywood has to offer , but it is the delivery of the lines , the editing of the film , and the mismatched tone that hurt Kidman 's performance . Director Glazer never quite gives us any answers or characters , but instead just throws us deep into the story as if we are already best friends and long-time acquaintances with everyone involved . It took me the longest time to figure out who Anne Heche and Peter Stormare were in the film and how they were involved with the overall theme of the story . It just felt as if we were expected to know more than we were handed . Walking into the fourth chapter of a book is never as powerful as introducing us one by one from the beginning.While the plot may have impressed me , the story did not . I never quite felt anything for any of the characters . Perhaps it was the lack of development , or maybe even the extremely long and pointless shots that Glazer seemed destined to use , but the puzzle pieces never seemed to fit . Here we had a family that we knew nothing about , a love that we seemed shunned to know about , and people that seemed more like cardboard than living breathing souls . While Nicole seemed to carry her own , it was the rest of this cast that seemed to flounder . The child playing the supposed `` Sean '' -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- was good , but not great . He never quite captured my appeal . There did n't seem to be any rhyme or reason to his character , which ultimately hurt this picture as well . From the opening scene with Heche to the final moments in the ocean , there just seemed like there were random tangents that this director was taking us on and as a viewer we were forced to sit and watch . We could not voice our opinion or ask any questions for fear of being shunned . Logic seemed like a tool that went unused in this film . If a monster in a horror film was chasing you into the bedroom and you chose to leave the door open instead of slam shut would seem illogical , so why were there so many doors left open in this film ? Then , in a very classical way , Glazer just ended the story . It seemed to wrap up in a very quick amount of time that , again , gave us no logical reason why.Finally , I would like to say that with a plot that could be compared to Swiss cheese , and a cameraman that seemed to doze off behind the camera and was allowed to let it run , it has to be up to the actors to carry the film . If nothing else seems to be working than it has to be up to the director to inspire his actors to bring the rest of the film home . This did not happen in Birth . The actions seemed forced , while Nicole seemed to be the only one honestly working during this production . She carried this film on her shoulders , but could not carry it all the way on her own . Anne Heche 's role seemed implemented at the last time , while Bacall 's role did n't seem to fit the overall tone of the film . Danny Huston tried , but I just did n't know enough about him , nor did I care , to really see the emotion behind his lines . As the rest of the production came crumbling down , you could really see the strain on the actors.Overall , I have to give Birth credit for the concept , I just thought that the finished product was not developed in the best way . Instead of engulfing storytelling with passionate players , it forced itself to be this lengthy `` arthouse '' film that honestly gives other powerful films such a bad reputation . I thought that there was so much more that Glazer could have done to bring us closer to these tragic characters , but instead he kept us at arm length , determined to keep the people to himself . My only other question has to be , `` Who was Sean ? '' . An ultimate question that should have found an answer somewhere in this film , but alas , it was lost at sea.Grade
 From it 's over-long opening shot , this film punishes the viewer with dreadful , cliche ridden dialogue and the kind of heavy , doom-laden score which makes one wonder whether Nicole Kidman is being stalked by the orchestra . One noteworthy feature is Kidman 's foot stamping , spoiled child performance , which culminates in a toddler-esque rant to the fiance she abandoned about how nothing is her fault . However , as this happens towards the end of the film , I suspect few will be awake to see it . Conceited drivel - it is telling that the only `` quote '' from a review they could find for DVD cover was from the Christian Science Monitor .
 As one of those who think Nicole Kidman is both a great actress & great movie star , seeing `` Birth '' was essential viewing ! Kidman gives an excellent nuanced performance , conflicted & confused . Director Jonathan Glazer gives her full reign with the camera , focusing for a very long moment in screen time as her face twitches with reaction & emotion as we observe her , even as she is an audience observing a performance . `` Birth '' is a very bold production in the chances it takes . It earned Kidman a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress in a drama , even as she previously had an Oscar nomination for Moulin Rouge and her Oscar win for `` The Hours . '' Sean-Cameron Bright as the little boy who may or may not actually be the reincarnation of her late husband appears not to have left his `` creepyness '' behind from his role in `` Godsend . '' This is a directorial flaw that probably elevates Glazer 's other film `` Sexy Beast '' above this in effectiveness . Danny Huston who will be seen in `` The Constant Gardner '' and was in `` The Aviator '' plays Joseph , Kidman 's fiancee . Huston reaches a number of levels from dismissing the boy 's claim to being worried to blowing up like an incendiary device in an emotional pressure cooker . Lauren Bacall previously starred with Kidman in `` Dogville , '' another unusual stylish piece of cinema , and had her sole Oscar nomination for `` The Mirror With Two Faces '' with Barbra Streisand in 1996 . There are not a lot of levels here that Bacall is given to play , but she delivers with steel-eyed determination . Anne Heche as Clara gives a good performance as the sister-in-law whose clandestine affair with Kidman 's dead husband becomes part of the criteria of whether the boy is actually a bona fide reincarnation . Hers is an excellent edgy performance.As with others , I groaned , `` Oh , no ! '' when the boy took off his clothes & hopped into the tub with Kidman . Quite frankly , I thought this would have been a substantially better film if that scene had been cut . Bright did n't have the sophistication to bring it off ; so as an audience member I 'm left to react to what I see -- a grown woman naked in a tub with a naked boy . It did not work and ruined what the film had going for it.The long arty sequences such as the opening shot where the soon-to-be-dead husband runs endlessly in a snow-filled park bogged the film down to a standstill . In the end , I think Kidman or Bacall fans will appreciate watching the film , but will fail to be mesmerized by it . Taxi !
 I love Nicole Kidman , I think she is a wonderful actress . She is a great actress in this part as well , and so is the rest of the cast , but this movie is so poorly written , it does n't matter how great the cast is . Nothing is explained satisfactorily , and the scene of Anna naked in the bathtub with a little boy is just gross . And the music , UGH ! Most of it was very good , and very fitting , but there was a low , base beat that just kept going and going until I finally muted it . Thank goodness I only paid $ 2 to see this movie , even that would have been better spent on some Reese 's peanut butter cups ...
 If you think sexual discussions and bath scenes involving a 10 year old boy and Nicole Kidman are a good idea then you might like this movie . Besides for the gross-out kiddie porn factor the movie is slow and most of the dialogue is in a monotone . If it had been a male middle-aged actor and a 10 year old nude girl in a tub the whole cast and crew would still be in jail .
 This is a very creepy movie . Does love extend from beyond the grave ? I imagine that this was the question the movie tried to pose , and to answer , and the answer seems to be yes , whether or not reincarnation is a possibility . But there is an incredible sadness that overwhelms Anna , and it is not clear if this is because of her love for her dead husband , or in spite of it.As Anna , Nicole Kidman is as beautiful as ever she was , a down-under version of Isabella Rosselini , and while the movie is a downer , watching her certainly is n't . This is no `` Sixth Sense '' but Nicole Kidman makes the film watchable .
 `` Birth '' is a movie you want to like , based on the cast and the plotline , but ca n't seem to muster the enthusiasm based on the actual delivery of the material to do so . It stars Nicole Kidman as Anna and Lauren Bacall as her skeptical mother Eleanor and is directed by Jonathan Glazer -LRB- the fantastic `` Sexy Beast '' -RRB- but unfortunately it does n't add up to a hill of beans . It 's turgid , slow , empty-headed and implausible.Anna -LRB- Kidman -RRB- is about to marry Joseph -LRB- an oily Danny Huston -RRB- ten years after losing her husband Sean , who may be gone but , as far as Anna is concerned , is long from forgotten . Along comes a 10 yr old kid who claims to be the reincarnation of Sean -LRB- an eloquent Cameron Bright -RRB- who throws Anna 's life into a tailspin ... to say the least.All of this drama on the surface would seem to make for a terrific movie , but director Glazer drops the ball dramatically and what happens on screen is dull , inept and coma inducing . We want to believe what is going on but ca n't ... and then wo n't ... based on how the subject is presented and how the story unfolds.Director Glazer is on a slippery slope here with the Reincarnation theme
 Without going into too much detail , here are my issues with the movie.A grown woman getting naked with a ten year old.Everything in the apartment and just about every scene was in shades of beige , charcoal , grey and more beige , including the clothes everyone wore . I know New York and New York apartments and people who live there . The real New York is a crayon box , full of all kinds of colors . I know it was a ` mood ' thing , but it 's been over done and it 's time for directors to stop it.How the family just stood around and gawked , pretty much allowing the kid to go on with the charade that he was Nicole 's dead husband.The sister in law demanding the kid dry her hands ? -LRB- huh ? , okay , later on they were supposed to be lovers , but still , yucky and weird -RRB- The mother of the son allowing her trouble son to stay the night with strangers . That 's twisted.The fiance as a wimp , going ahead to marry Nicole after she tried to get with a ten year old . The fiance beating the boy across the butt . How about if he had told Nicole
 This has got to be the worst movie I have ever seen . Especially the ending . Left me wondering just what was Nicole Kidman thinking .
 This was an story about a 10 year old boy who believes he is the dead husband of an adult woman . I was afraid I was going to need to call child protection services sometime during the movie . Bad story line . Bad idea . Bad film . Please leave the kids out of this kind of nonsense . Jackie
 I have had this movie on my `` must see '' list for a couple of years now . Due to a recent snowstorm , I finally had my chance to sit down and watch it . What a HUGE waste of my time.The music was irritating ... the photography was irritating ... the stupidity of every adult involved in the movie was irritating ... and the dialogue was excruciating !!! This was an absolutely pointless movie !! I believe that the people who will enjoy this film are the type of people who go to an art museum and see a white canvas with a little black dot in the middle ... and consider it to be ingenious !!! Do n't waste your time or your money on this one !!
 The premise of this movie sounded interesting . Woman 's husband dies . Then comes back to her life in the form of a little boy.However this movie is one of the worst I have seen . The pace of this movie is so s-l-o-w . I was constantly waiting for the pace to pick up . One shot had the camera fixated on Nicole Kidman in the audience of an opera for what seemed like five long minutes . I kept waiting for the movie to start getting good . I thought maybe when the boy revealed he was Kidman 's former husband it would get interesting . I thought there would be a great ending . I got to the end of the movie unsatisfied and upset I watched this movie.The acting is horrible . The little has the same expression and tone of voice the whole movie . There was n't a single memorable performance.I really would n't recommend this movie for anyone . It 's not a movie with a twist ending . Not a great story . Directing was shaky and again the pace of the movie makes you want to push fast forward on your remote.There are much better movies out there you can spend your time and money on .
 Soon to be married widow falls for a 10 year old boy who claims to be the reincarnation of her deceased husband . Nicole Kidman , looking and behaving a lot like Ellen Burstyn in `` The Exorcist '' , and the kid , pudgy Cameron Bright , are cinema 's newest odd couple and given the strange sexual direction this film begins to take , I 'm only thankful the two of them did n't end up in a cheap downtown hotel . Whew , darn close though ! Loaded with bold symbolism of the concept of birth , the film fights itself , offering a logical if implausible explanation , but holding tightly to a supernatural element that never materializes . Lauren Bacall , looking as always like she 'd kill for a cigarette , plays Kidman 's gruff mom , and Danny Huston manages an effective jealous rage towards his ten year old rival . It 's said to be the kind of movie that causes after-viewing discussion and we agree , because we 're wondering if it 's not symbolic of Kidman 's marriage to Tom Cruise .
 A 10 year-old boy approaches to a middle-age lady who lost her husband ten years ago , and the boy says to her with a very serious face that HE is the reincarnation of her dead husband . Is he really saying the truth ? Or is this just a prank -LRB- which must be a very cruel one -RRB- . Or , is it the boy 's delusion ? The plot of ` Birth ' is intriguing , with several questions about the way we perceive hard reality , but the film fails to develop it beyond its initial premise , which needs more careful treatment.I know Nicole Kidman is a gifted actress , and she does not disappoint us as Anna who is going to marry Joseph -LRB- Danny Huston -RRB- . She lost her husband Sean ten years ago , and it is suggested that she has just recovered from the shock of his death.When Anna is about to embark on her new life , another ` Sean ' enters her life , as a ten-year-old boy -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- who lives downstairs in the same building where Joseph lives . This new Sean not only claims that he is the reincarnation of her lost husband , but sends her a message telling not to marry Joseph . Anna at first does not take him seriously , but as the resolute boy comes back again , she starts to look at him differently , or in short , falls in love with this ` Sean . ' I admit the film 's merit as study of our belief , heart , love , or whatever worth mentioning in film , but ` Birth ' just fails to convince . I 'm not talking about the ` bathtub ' scene some may find embarrassing . I am talking about the character of Anna , which needs more finesse , or subtlety . If you have to convince us that a level-headed lady can really fall in love with a ten-year-old boy who says he is her dead husband , you need more than frequent close-ups of Nicole Kidman -LRB- with her good acting though -RRB- , the film 's beautiful images and evocative music score . I know what the director Jonathan Glazer is trying to do . Among the many mysteries in this world , our heart is the most incomprehensive one . Still our heart does not respond to the little boy simply because the script tells it to do so.For all its intention , I could not help feeling that what Anna is doing is just unbelievable . ` Birth ' is full of visual mystification , but its content is not as substantial as other better films like ` Under the Sand . '
 I love Nicole Kidman and the premise of the movie seemed promising . From the beginning it was very slow , with long drawn out scenes that seemed to last forever - such as the opening scene of a running man -LRB- just running for minutes -RRB- or a scene of Kidman 's face -LRB- and only her face , for minutes -RRB- . But pushing through that the movie seemed to pick up , seemed to be building . The plot started thickening and it became more interesting.But that is where it stops . In fact , it does n't stop , it plummets and crashes . Just as it got interesting it turned weird and eerie , eventually leaving you shaking your head wondering why you wasted your money on this rental.And what is with a man waiting ten years to be with a crazy pedophile ? How could that make for an interesting movie ? Yeah yeah , it was deeper than that , it was of a woman who wanted , no matter what , to be with her dead husband . But that was where it stopped , where it was getting deeper , and ended with a crazy pedophile . So disappointing.But it started decent and caught my interest at the least , so a two star .
 After a great , gorgeous set-up , this film about tremulous emotions , human fragility and tricks of the mind settles down into an all-too literal and mundane drama . Too bad the filmmakers felt the need to `` spell it all out '' in the script , instead of weaving the viewer into a more subtle human mystery . Nicole Kidman is lit , made up , and photographed like a goddess -- but she does more for the character and for the movie than they do for her . Although beautiful , she 's sort of playing it dazed here , a smart but tepid woman with a vacuousness about her that does n't allow for inner fire . I wanted to her to yell and shake the strange boy who enters her life . Instead she tucks him in ...
 If you 're contemplating buying this movie , save your money . Rent it at the dollar weekly rental place first , watch it - and then decide whether to buy it or not . From reading reviews here , some people really think this is a great film . I ca n't quite wrap my head around this , for the following reasons.This movie is irritatingly artsy . In fact , it works so hard to be artsy that you can hear the creak of the artsy machinery - and the endlessly long scenes make it grindingly boring as well . The story could have been told in a thirty minute short film , but this thing drags on for hours . Unfortunately , since there is so little depth to the story and so little depth to any of the characters , the artsiness consists mainly of painfully endless closeups of the characters glaring at each other while the turgid soundtrack moans on and on and on . Much was made of the fact that Nicole Kidman performs the longest closeup of movie history in this movie , and she does . Why is n't exactly clear . Someone has done a horrific pluck job on her eyebrows , making her look like a cross between Mr. Spock and Joan Crawford , and having to watch her glaring into the camera for however many minutes was just annoying.Everyone in the film is creepy - the kid who claims -LRB- falsely , it turns out -RRB- to be the reincarnation of Kidman 's dead husband , Kidman 's sister and mother , Kidman 's fiance , Kidman 's dead husband 's girlfriend . They all seem to wear black or beige all the time , they live in these creepily luxurious apartments , they glare at and boss each other around constantly . Kidman looks pasty and zombielike , and acts like a zombie as well.This movie is about as compelling as three day old scrambled eggs . Much ado about nothing , with a lot of backflips done to try to make it into an art film . If a film ca n't make at least one character that an audience can care about , in the long run , what 's it all for ? Nobody in this turgid , overlong , dreary , trying-oh-so-hard to be shocking film is at all compelling . The viewer just does n't give a darn what happens to any of them.Why bother ?
 I was so syked to see this movie when it came out in theaters . But , half way into it , I regretted it . The storyline is awesome though . But the movie itself is SOOO drawn out . Once you think it 'll get better , it switches the story to something really dumb . At the end of the movie , I just sat there thinking , what in the heck . And like one reviewer said earlier `` Why did I just waste 2 hours of my life watching this '' . And I agree with that . This movie had such potential , and it got flushed down the toilet . Watch the previews of this movie ... it 's more interesting than this movie experience .
 DVD 's are about image quality folks . When are these studios going to stop putting sub-standard transfers up for sale ? It would n't cost that much more to present a good quality film image.The picture quality is that of a frequently rented and abused VHS tape .
 I had high hopes for this movie , but Nicole could have did another movie instead of this one !!!!!!! The movie is boring and it was such a waste of my time and if i was your guys i would stay far away from this movie !!!!!! If you guys and girls are in the video store then please stay away from this movie it is not worth your time or your money !!!!!!
 Nicole Kidman went to great lengths to physically transform herself into a sort of lanky version of Peter Pan for this moody , offbeat meditation on ... well , I am not sure what . From the studio 's synopsis , one might expect a meditation on life , death and reincarnation . But instead we get a weirdly detached , soulless montage including
 The following review contains brief crucial spoilers . I 'll write when I plan on using them , but without the spoilers I wo n't be able to mention a reason why I did n't like this movie . `` Birth '' is one of those movies where you are always asking `` How ? '' and `` Why ? '' Sadly , I was asking `` How and why could this movie have been made ? '' It really was n't too good . The plot could sound like a comedy too . A women finds out that a ten year old boy is the reincarnate of her dead busband . This movie is not a comedy , but there were certain things that made me laugh that were not supposed to . The movie stars Nicole Kidman , who has been making quite a few movies in the recent months . There is also Lauren Bacall , Danny Huston from `` Silver City , '' and young Cameron Bright . Bright was the boy in `` Godsend '' a couple of months ago , and his preformance in that was creepy , but that was for character . It was creepy in this movie too , but it was n't supposed to be . He only smiles once throughout the whole movie , and that is at the very end . In fact , none of the characters seemed to have emotion . The entire thing was on one emotional level , and it never got off it . Everybody was selfish too . Lauren Bacall was pretty much pointless . There was way to much wrong with this movie , than it could be right.I 'll start with the plot . Nicole Kidman played Anna , whose husband Sean died while jogging . The cause of his death is never really explained , but you do see it happening . Right when he dies , a baby is born . Ten years later , Anna is visiting the grave of her husband , and she is also engaged to marry Joseph . At the party of her mother Eleanor , a young ten year old boy comes in and claims to be Sean . Anna at first thinks that it is a joke , but the boy keeps coming back , expecially focusing on telling her not to marry Joseph . Young Sean is very mature for his age , and soon Anna does n't know what to think . She and Joseph talk to the boy 's parents , but he does n't leave her alone , and when his mother tries to talk to him , he says that he is not their `` stupid son '' anymore . They decide to ask him questions that only Sean would know , and when he knows alot , Anna begins to believe that he could be the reincarnate of her husband . This does n't sit well with Eleanor and Anna 's sister , claiming that the entire thing could be illigal , and Anna must decide what she wants to do , and what she wants to believe.SPOILER START ! I had a problem with the ending . There is a reason why the boy ca n't be Sean , and that is explained , but it is never explained why he knew so much , and how is so much like Sean , but one little thing changes that . It 's very ridiculous , and I was no satisfied . SPOILER END!The young boy is also TOO serious . I already said that he does n't smile once throughout the whole movie , and if he used to be her husband , he really was n't very charming and a person that I would like to hang out with . All of the characters stay at one emotional level . Lauren Bacall was also terrible . She has the same expression on her face throughout the whole movie . The best part about this movie was the music and Nicole Kidman . The music had such a haunting , hopeful feel to it , and it made me smile whenever I heard the theme . Nicole Kidman was great in this movie , and she brought the best part to the screen . There is one scene where we are focused on her face for about two minutes as she begins to believe what the little boy is telling her . You can see exactly the point when she is changing her mind . Another scene is similiar , at the start with the adult Sean running in the snow for about two minutes . Unlike watching Kidman 's face , it is utterly pointless . There was also the pointless Anna and Joseph brief sex scene that just plain annoyed me . They could have shown something different as a way to show , at that point , her still loving him.People might because uneasy with the bathtub scene with Anna and Young Sean inside of it , but nothing happens . There is no physical content at all . They saw a few words to each other , and she is uneasy about the whole thing at that point . I did n't have a problem with it , but I did have a problem with the movie . I gave it two stars , and I am calling it bad , but it is not one of the worst of the year . `` Birth '' just did n't do it for me . I did n't like it , but you might.ENJOY!Rated R for sexuality .
 I 'd like to point out I have n't missed the point of this film , I understood what it was about . I 'd also like to point out that I am not an old prude ! Now that 's out of the way , I want to say I found this film sickening . The relationship between Anne and 10 year old Sean was verging on paedaphilia . The bath scene made me really uncomfortable and the scene in the restaurant where Anne asked if Sean had ever made love to women disturbed me . As for the sex scene between Anne and Joseph , I 've seen better , more tasteful sex scenes on the xxx sex channel ! The reaason I 've given this tat one star is because I ca n't give it less .
 Maybe I do n't get it but boy I found it excruciating to watch the entire movie . 15 mins into the movie and I was thinking it could be good . 30 mins more it was still not good . And by the end of the movie , the whole watching experience was just too painful and absurd.And to tell you the truth I 'm still not sure what exactly was wrong with it . . maybe the plot ? , the message ? the acting ? -LSB- well Kidman is one of my favorites but somehow not in this movie -RSB- , the drama ? , the pace ? Or maybe a bit of everything!I 'm giving it two stars instead of one just because I 'm still trying to figure the movie out . Doubt if I 'll ever understand or even appreciate it though.Rent it to see what I mean . You are crazy if you are going to buy it though!PS
 I give this movie two stars because I watched the entire run time . I absolutely had to confirm that my initial feelings about the movie were incorrect . Nope.People love Nicole Kidman and her weighty performance in this movie . Terrific . The live-in also did a great job acting as a maid . This does n't warrant a high rating . This movie is horrible and for reasons worse than the pedophilic bath scene or NAWBLA -LRB- North American Woman-Boy Love Association -RRB- kiss.In order for a movie like this to work , the characters must be likeable , familiar , and believable . First let 's tackle likeable . The viewer does not get to `` meet '' any of the characters -- none of them . How is it I `` know '' Venkman in Ghostbusters but Anna -LRB- the main character -RRB- is a complete stranger ? I must only assume bad writing plagued the film , for all of the Amazon experts LOVED her performance . I believe the director intended significance for several characters in Birth . Is the brother-in-law pathetic ? Who , exactly , was Sean 's best man ? Is Anna 's mother warm or distant ? Why would she leave her daughter alone if the daughter is showing signs of absolute insanity?One other reviewer discussed familiarity . Do these upper class New Yorkers work ? They seem to have offices and moderate social circles but most people ca n't identify with 3500 square foot penthouse apartments and no discernible income stream . This disconnect makes the audience somewhat apathetic to the characters ' plight . ** Potential Spoiler ? ** The most important missing piece here
 I loved the premise of this movie - very interesting and unique . I had high hopes for it , but was very disappointed . A few of the scenes gave me the creeps as it bordered on pedophile thematics . Several very long , dull shots . The ending left much to be desired - there was no resolution really . The movie had a lot of potential , but was a huge letdown .
 Needless to say , I was sorely disappointed . I like the idea of Anna 's dead husband returning as another person , but did n't enjoy him as a 10 year old boy.The bath tub scene really weirded me out . Nicole Kidman 's character toed the line and never really does anything outright sexual with `` Sean , '' but it was close enough to make me very uncomfortable.The whole movie was totally unbelievable because there was never any explanation why Sean knew so much about the dead Sean and Anna 's life together . How did he know they had sex on the green couch ? I mean , the characters were ridiculously stupid not to wonder how in the heck this 10 year old stranger knew the intimate details of Anna 's life with Sean . And they really did n't seem to care all that much either . It is just not how normal people would react to such a bizarre situation.Very disappointing because it had so much potential .
 I am not sure what was worse the direction or the acting . Nicole Kidman was never a good actor but this movie was her worse ever . Direction : The sequences were fragmented with extremely bad timing.BOTH THE DIRECTOR AND NICOLE NEED NEW OCCUPATIONS !
 Birth is a disaster , I 'm shocked Ebertgave it 3 1/2 . The dialogue and psychology are horrible , and I do n'teven find the film idea very interesting , but surely it was realized ina senseless way . Add this to scenes that certainly border on tasteless , it 's an incredible dud ... and a snoozer to boot .
 Even the 2 dollars I spent on this used dvd is too much . This movie is insanely slow , it makes you to shout at Nicole Kidman to get real . Someone who can produce & direct such a movie should be punished and send to jail!Thank you for reading & you will thank me for saving you money on this crappy movie . I just lost 2 hours of my precious time , oh man!Total rip-off , period!Tony
 This was the dumbest most preposterous piece of crap I have seen in a while !!! The writer and director should be strung up by their toes for creating such drivel . I had the horrendous experience of watching this cinematic blunder during another one of my late night insomnia episodes . To get to the point , this movie waa a `` hot mess '' gone wild . The actors were delivering their lines like they only had an hour of sleep , the dialogue between the characters was simplistic and uneventful and the ending concluded horribly . Moreover , they could have kept that bath tub scene with Nicole Kidman and the little boy to themselves . That mess gave me the creeps and it really was uncalled for . To sum up , this movie was a hot searing `` volcanic ash '' of a mess . Avoid this mess as if it was an STD !!
 The acting was fabulous but this was the slowest moving movie I ever watched . I spent a lot of time in Fast Forward mode during very long drawn-out segments . The whole film could have been shortened to 20 minutes without any loss of content .
 Judging by the very divided reviews , there is a wide range of opinion on this movie . For myself , I could n't get through all of it . I just found it too bizarre for my taste . I caught it one evening on the IFC channel , but did n't bother watching all of it .
 Birth has a thought-provoking story , beautiful setting , superb acting , an unnerving scene and a lush score . It lacks , however , fluency and vigor , both of which are essential to any satisfactory moviegoing experience . I understand it 's a melodrama , but it crawled even by melodrama standards . There are way too many long pauses that do n't really serve any purpose or convey anything . Nicole Kidman never looked better , in my opinion , and that alone was worth sitting through this film . I would wait till it comes out on DVD and I would only rent it !
 I am sorry but if anyone actually enjoyed this movie then they are sick people . The fact that Anna -LRB- played by Nicole Kidman -RRB- let a 10 year old boy get naked and share a bath with her is disgusting !!! Also that she planned to run away with him is just sick . There is nothing to appreciate about this movie . If you are offended by these things , then this movie is not for you.If I could rate it less than 1 star I would .
 This was one of the worst movies EVER . It had so much potential and just failed . It was way unbelievable . A ten year old boy that is really a 40 year old man , yet he acts ten through the whole movie . The ending is dismal . The movie claims '' a man reincarnated as a ten year old boy '' but , this is NEVER made known in the movie!I would n't pay five cents for it even if Nicole did a nude seen . It is rated `` R '' for unknown reasons . there is no foul language , no violence and only a cloudy nude butt .
 I like Nicole Kidman , and think she is a talented actress . So I watched this expectantly as I enjoy a film that stimulates the thought processes.This is beautifully filmed , of course with a score that is supposed to add to the `` tension '' I suppose.So what 's it about . Pre-pubescent male obsession ? Spirit re-incarnation ? Grief unrequited ? Women 's psyche ? Man 's psyche even ? The human condition?Erghm no . It 's pretentious rubbish with loads of shots of Nicole Kidman about to burst into tears or have a breakdown over a 10 year old kid who for no apparent reason says he is her dead husband , set to a dramatic musical score.Possibly the biggest waste of a couple of hours of my time since I ran over a nail and blew a tire last month , but less entertaining .
 This was an awful movie . My sister and I just finished watching it and I said , `` If the credits start rolling now , I 'm going to kick myself for watching it '' . Yes , it was REALLY THAT BAD . Never understood the `` so called '' twist -LRB- and I 'm not stupid -RRB- . I never understood `` the point '' and `` the ending '' is worse then both , it made no sense whatsoever . We were both looking at each other saying `` what '' ???? Just as another rater put it . Its not worth the watch trust us.On a moral note ... I 'm not much for ranting but we both felt naked Nicole Kidman in a tub with a naked ten year old boy raises some obvious objections . I 'm not all that `` straightlaced '' but you just find yourself thinking `` it just did n't feel right '' . For anyone who is sick enough to want to see it , it 's not done in a way where you can SEE anything , so do n't get too excited about it . You simply question whether a child should play that particular role.Overall the movie is dark , depressing , the characters are bleek , its uneventful and when you think it becomes `` eventful '' it 's pointless because your not given enough in the film to `` figure it the heck out '' . In a few words , `` do n't waste your time or your money , you 'll be left very sorry you did '' .
 biggest waste of time . kidman should be ashamed . i am embarrassed i spent the time to watch it . do n't bother
 I saw this movie with my husband mainly out of curiosity surrounding the controversy . The set-up is simple a man dies leaving his grieving wife . Its ten years later and she finaly gets past his death and falls in love again and is all set to get married again . Enter this ten year old boy who claims to be the reencarnated version of her late husband.Now from there we are sucked into the bizzarro world of a seemingly normal woman using incredibly bad judgement in one ackward situation after another . I wont give up to much of the plot points but lets just say there 's a kiss and a bath tub scene that will make the hairs on your arm stand up . I found myself uncomfortable and ready to strangle this woman as she is willing to risk her new found love and her family on the words of this creepy looking kid . No woman would act this way I do n't care how much she was in love with her husband.I can not reccommend this movie in good concious because it 's just so unbelievabe that any woman would behave that way and not be sent to the psych ward . This movie was horrible and to be avoived at all costs .
 Somewhere in the film entitled Birth , there is a charming feminine desire to accept the mystic power which promises eternal love . A woman has lost her husband and somehow after a ten year period , a small boy appears proclaiming he is the reincarnated soul of her deceased husband . The premise is palatable and the acting is brought to the point of acceptability , with the talents of Nicole Kidman and Lauren Becall . However , during the film one becomes aware that something beyond credulity is being glossed over . The age of the two individuals . The older woman eventually accepts her late husband 's spirit in the form of the young boy and therein lies the problem . Even if it 's accepted that an older woman could in fact love a little boy , the fact of the matter is , if the roles were reversed , and it was an adult man and a ten year old girl in the bathtub , women 's groups from one side of the country to the other would be screeching at the top of their lungs that this film is nothing short of child molestation ! So before you praise the overall romance of the film , consider what implications are being accepted . **
 When this movie first came out , it seemed interesting enough to buy on DVD . its a good thing i didnt . i watched this movie on the Encore and in the begining it was fine . the story and the acting is pretty good too . why did i give it 2 stars ? because i was so disspaointed and felt that i had wasted my time once the movie was over . THERE IS NO CLOSURE . none ! no ending . i could not believe what the director had done . just when you think youre into the movie , it makes you hate the entire thing . at a different time i might have given this movie 3 stars , but i just finished watching it and as you can tell , im still on that stage of dissapointment . in my opinion , its not worth any amount of money on DVD . its not a movie that you can or would want to watch twice . rent it at blockbuster if youre really curious about how the story plays out .
 ** This movie is full of great actors and actresses , plus has a great premise -- that of a husband being reincarnated as a 10 year old boy . I am not a movie afficionado , just an ordinary person who knows what they like and do n't like , but this movie was just plain strange.I found many things about it odd -- the way everyone fairly easily believed that the 10-year old son was the dead husband , not looking for other possible explanations , the scenes of the boy with Nicole Kidman in romantic/sexual situations like taking a bath together and kissing , the interminable sequences of people just staring and emoting , the total lack of resolution at the end of the movie , etc. . It was strange ! I kept waiting for it to get better but it never did.If you love Nicole Kidman , she is very beautiful in the movie -LRB- if you can stand watching her being in love with a ten year old -RRB- . Other than that , I ca n't think of much else to say about it . People have said that the romantic/sexual scenes are tastefully done , and I would have to agree overall , as tasteful as one can make a movie about a woman in love with a ten year old -- but something about it was -- creepy !! If this sounds like something you 'd like to explore , you 'll love the movie . If you 're like me , you 'll feel like you wasted 100 minutes . **
 There was no depth to this movie , it was unbelievably boring . I was so disappointed with the movie and I could not believe the ending . There were way too many long drawn out scenes and the opera scene had to be the worse , I swear it felt like ten long drawn out moments with the same dreadful music playing , looking at Nicole Kidman 's face . Also I found the story line to be very disgusting . If you are a sick warped individual this movies perfect for you and I could have did without the sex scene that looked like it was from a cheap porno . The movie was a waste of money.Rose DesRochersTodays-Woman . net
 If you ca n't fall asleep , this is a great sedative . The first 40 minutes utterly drag and the boy never provides really convincing evidence of reincarnation . Then in the end it 's like `` That 's IT !! '' Try watching `` The Reincarnation of Peter Proud . '' The only part of the movie I enjoyed was observing the interior of their penthouse , because I like their traditional decorating . There is way too much silence in the movie . I can see only a film student appreciating this , or someone who loves Nicole Kidman so much that they will watch anything she is in no matter how terrible it is . This is NOTHING like `` The Sixth Sense '' and if they were trying to copy the idea of a creepy little boy and dead people , they missed it on this one .
 I have never written an online review before , but after watching ` Birth ' , I just had to see what people were saying . This movie was just so bad . It 's long and drawn out , and at the end leaves you wondering ` why did I just waste two hours of my life watching this movie ? '
 Gallo is hilarious when he gets mad !! This reminded me of Buffalo '66 at times . The story is a little too ambitious , but the cinematography , acting , and score put me in a daze from beginning to end . Right up to the end credits - every font seems divine .
 I was enjoying this movie but since it is pretty long I could n't watch it all at once . The 24 hour rental is impractical . I probably wo n't rent from amazon again .
 What happened here ? Season 1 was funny , silly sexy and fun . People had problems but not , like , FOREVER ! We liked them and wanted to see them be happy , or at least be willling to try to be . Getting through an episode of Season 2 is liked swimming through mud . Characters behave in transparent , unmotivated and unamusing self destructive ways to an irritatingly `` trendy '' soundtrack . Like pod people all these women are becoming the same miserable lesbian with ever increasing homogeneity of hair and clothing styles . Every major character is unhappy in the same ways for each show . I have to admit , I rented this and am probably giving up after four hours that I 'll never get back . I already saw this happen to Six Feet Under so this time , I 'll cut my losses early . We all have the right to life liberty and the PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS . The writers of this show would do well to grant those rights to their characters instead of sticking pins in them just to watch them squirm . It seems sadistic - and not in the fun way - to the audience and the actors who , bless them , really TRY .
 This show went downhill in a hurry when it summarily dismissed its most interesting character , Marina . I watched the first season and was so intrigued with her . Then the first episode of the second season ... well , did they really think we would buy that this smart , sexy and intelligent woman would try to KILL herself over of all people . . the dysfunctional Jenny ? I got half-way through the second season and found myself bored . The L Word really messed up when the let go its only true woman in the the lot of girls . What a waste of a tremendous talent .
 Save your $ . Season 1 is way better than Season 2 . Buy Season 1 instead if you have n't done so .
 I really enjoyed the first season ... The second season sucked . Why ? The writing . The actors gave it their best shot but the writing turned this season into a horrible nightmare . People are giving this 5 stars and saying they loved it . I 'm still trying to figure out why . I LOVED the lesbian couple on QaF , but this season is a far cry from the brillance of Queer as Folk . *** minor spoilers *** Tina 's pregancy apparently made her IQ drop a hundred points to getting a crazy girlfriend when everyone knew she wanted Bette back . Bette 's tryst with another woman and wanting Tina back made her bitter , angry and depressed - the whole season.I understand that these are normal things that might happen but the writers took them to extremes that made me feel embarassed for them , and it 's just a show ! These two are the core of this show and when you split them the show just is n't the same.There 's Alice and Dana next ... Alice becomes a headcase with a side of paranoid overbearing girlfriend once she convinces Dana to leave her other girlfriend that I found I enjoyed a lot more than I did Alice in that roll and Dana was blindly ignorant to anything and everything as the season went on , she was n't pregnant but apparently the writers dropped her IQ as well . The two were wonderful the first season as best friends.Jenny ... more psycho than anything in the first season - and that 's saying something . She scares me.Shane was the same who actually gained some depth to her , I enjoyed her parts that 's why there 's one star.Kit was better in the first season because she lost a lot of her depth in the second season.All in all , I wonder if they can salvage the third season . Watch the first season with joy , take the second with a grain of salt , I would n't buy it - rent it .
 A lot of reviewers have given this boxed set 5 stars , which confuses me because it is undoubtedly a terrible , terrible show . And I 'm not some mad hatin ' reviewer - my colleagues at work are all of pretty much the same stance . The plot jumps are utterly preposterous , the storylines are for the most part dull , and the Jenny character is so awful that part of my pleasure in watching the show is derived from being presented with scenes which she 's not in.However - I have watched the entire season . Why ? Because Katherine Moennig is simply magnetic . Without her , I feel the show would literally be trash - a random assortment of unpleasant items that nobody wants . But with her , it gels -LRB- albeit to a tenuous degree -RRB- and , for me at least , I simply enjoy watching her.Watching the L-Word Season 2 feels like you 're watching Mighty Morphin Power Rangers - that it was once a show that had a completely different plot and for whatever reason it 's been pulled apart , completely re-edited and stuck back together in a vaguely coherent fashion . Moennig deserves much , much better than this ...
 The quality of the DVD is very bad . I is n't the original DVD !!!! I think it 's a bad copy . The sound is n't syncronised with the picture . The quality of the picture is very bad too.I ca n't rate this product correctly . I do n't send it back too cause it would cost me more than to keep it !
 I 've played 2 DVDs of second season.The sound and picture have fallen out of sync so many times I have to wonder if the dvd is a pirate version.If it were n't for the quality of the dvd the item would have 5 stars .
 Who does n't like hot lesbians ? ... but only the LGBT community really appreciates the `` issues & challenges '' in this series , so ... no universal , long term appeal . This is just another niche series for a niche audience . Years from now , it will be forgotten .
 The first season had me hooked . I needed to watch episode after episode and spent whole weekend afternoons doing so . Well then I was so happy to find the second season and jumped in with enthusiasm . That enthusiasm quickly took a dive into just plain boredom . By the last episode I ended up fast forwarding through most of it just looking for small glimpses of interest . These bothered me most : Jenny
 Only the LGBT community really appreciates their `` issues & challenges '' . This is just another niche series for a niche audience . Years from now , it will be forgotten .
 Do n't watch this show with your family . Very sick subject matter . Looks like the L 's deleted my last comment on here . Warning people that this show is sick is wrong now . WoW .
 I was thrilled by the first season 's creative and compelling representation of characters . The opening titles , music , dramatizations , editing , as well as , subtle humor of the first season , was an artful and poignant display of life to which many people , regardless of sexual orientation , could relate.I was immediately disappointed by the second season , however , as it quickly dissolved a great work of art and turned it into cheap pulp.I hope that the third and fourth season does n't make the same mistake .
 This thing is requiring that I leave a review , but I never even watched this show ? What 's up with that ?
 Not sure why I watched it . The story line is very unbelievable . I ca n't say if acting is any better .
 It really is to sexual and i just scanned a few the episodes not something I would spend time on .
 I have not watched the first season . According to some of the reviews I 've read at other sites , the first season was good . I shall see . This review is strictly based on episodes from the second season.Here 's some background about me . I am a single straight male in his 40 's . I live and work in the SF Bay Area . I have known and know lesbians as coworkers , acquaintances , and neighbors . Similar to any minority group , lesbians come in all kinds ; smart & stupid , ambitious and lazy , tall and short , skinny and fat , polite and rude ; you get the picture . Like a good portion of the straight male population , I love gal-on-gal action . After having read and heard many good reviews on this series , I decided to watch a few episodes ; good stories and steamy scenes , I thought.This series is absolutely horrible . The plot is , well , boring . Seems everything leads up to sex in some public place ; restroom , vestibule of a church , sound room of a studio , behind bushes along a jogging trail -LRB- well , it almost happened -RRB- . They f each other `` ring around the rosy '' style ; one after another . At any given time , every character has the hots for someone . If you wish to waste time actually thinking about the plot , you 'd realize that everything every -LRB- lesbian -RRB- character does is so she could f someone . None of the -LRB- lesbian -RRB- characters has any redeeming values . They only show kindness so that in case they need to hook up with that person later.A person in Smalltown , USA , after watching episodes from the second season , would likely believe that all lesbians are sex-crazed , morally depraved -LRB- as in they 'd f any skirt ; best friend 's partner , stranger , potential business investor , teacher , student -RRB- , shallow , lacking completely in common sense , sailor-mouthed , scheming , with messed up psyche.If I were a lesbian , I 'd be furious to see lesbians portrayed this way .
 please , forgive me my bad english , because I 'm living in Germany.Maybe SEASON 1 was too brilliant , so that the expectations for SEASON 2 were too high . But after looking the first disc of SEASON 2 I was already confused if this was still THE L WORD.The Characters changed in a unexplainable way , the plot is sometimes is so boring that I found me grabbing my remote to play forward and the whole spirit was gone.I felt after every episode in SEASON 1 positive thoughts and the need to find out what 's next , but in SEASON 2 I asked myself why I wanted to see more.Nevertheless , I will finish the whole box , but I will also reduce the euphoric fans of L-WORD that this SEASON 2 is nothing compaired to SEASON 1The 3 stars are only for the actors and their try to save the show with their performances .
 I ordered this so that it would arrive before Valentine 's day . I checked the order date and everythign said it would arrive before , but of course it came after . When I opened the box , it was season ONE , not two . The return process has to be done online . I sent it back for what I ordered and paid for and never heard back from them . I tried to email follow up and never got a reply -LRB- yes , I checked the junk folder -RRB- . Lousy customer service , and all I wanted was an exchange .
 Save your money . THis movie is not worth $ 5 that I paid for it . The comedy is just missing . There are very few ok parts , but most of it is useless.Save your money
 Really , if you plan to watch this season , you have to abandon any sense of reason and logic . It 's the only way that you might find any kind of enjoyment in this steaming pile . But too not just be bashing , let me explain -LRB- though I know that the hardcore fans will consider this `` not helpful '' , though I would dare them to find fault in the following explanation :--RRB- -RRB- 24 has never really been about realism , but the first 4 seasons or so were at least believable , given a willing audience . As a viewer , you could relate to what motivated the characters , and even the scenarios , however far fetched they were , did make sense in themselves -LRB- again , if you were willing -RRB- . Since season 5 , that 's definitely gone overboard , but this season takes the cake.Let me give you an example
 My best advice
 I recently receiver the sixth season of `` 24 '' and was very disappointed the quality of the bluray disc I rereived . I had to clean the disc numerous time to get it to pay and when it did play the quality was very poor in both sound and clarity . This was purchased new and was n't ... not nice to deceive a loyal customer !!!!!!!!! he wont return!I would guess this was bought off the street then repackaged ... not cool ! The tape itself was entertaining , howevew Keifer Sutherlin was a little over the top in his role of Jack Bauer.Randall N. BellWest5527 River StreetWest Linn , OR97068
 it suposse to be bluray but it was bad experience for me with this product becase along the movie a lot scene have bad quality worse not for a bluray movie
 really this seasons deserves a zero star without a challenge , the plot is too stupid to watch . please dont hate 24 because of this stupid season , this is nothing - which is actually nothing - compared to seasons 1-5 . shame on the producers .
 I never received this item . Altho the seller was quick to refund my money when I contacted him , I was disappointed that I was n't able to get what I ordered . I probably would not use this seller again .
 I had high hopes for this season . After 2 years of writers strikes , Kiefer getting locked up and other delays , we finally get a new season . You would think in that time the writers could come up with some good material . Boy was I wrong.Moving the show to Washington DC was a good change of scenery ... if only they had kept it in DC . FYI , there is no such as thing as the Port of Alexandria . The nearest port capable of handling those shipping containers is Baltimore . Minor point I know and I 'm sure a lot of LA residents had similar points about seasons 1-6 . As for the plot . It had promise to start with . Bauer brought back to get preached to by holier-than-thou Senators about his behavior with the now disbanded CTU . Then there is a terrorist threat -LRB- surprise -RRB- . Bauer gets called to the FBI to be an expert because Tony Almedia -LRB- back from the dead -RRB- is apparently behind it !!! Shock ! ... yeah I totally did n't buy that.So Bauer teams up with Agent Walker who is at a fork in the road ... does she follow Bauer into the `` at any cost '' way of preventing terrorists or does she follow the laws that may hinder the investigation ? It was a nice reflection of what is going on in the country right now.That 's really where my praise for the season ends . Spoilers ahead.The plot twists ... saw them coming a mile away . Why ? They 've all been done before and they were so set up that there was no surprise . Especially Tony 's multiple plot twists . Totally unbelieveable , even for 24 . The First Dude 's plotline for the first half of the season ... really did n't care . That does n't make me cold , it just added nothing to the season.The attack on the White House ? Yeah ... uh huh . I 'm all for suspending reality to watch 24 but when its so over the top that we 're in a totally different dimension , you 've lost my interest.And we had another season where the real bad guys are evil white American guys trying to control the nation . Its time to get off this conspiracy stuff . Seasons 1 and 4 were the only seasons when it was dedicated counterterrorism instead of unraveling a giant conspiracy.There was also a noticable lack of action in this season . There were maybe 3-4 firefights ? They had the opportunity to have so much more action but failed . This is 24 , not a soap opera ... enough of the `` will she/won ' t she '' on whether Agent Walker will go with Jack . Enough of the teary-eyed moments of self-reflection . Hopefully , Season 8 will have Jack Bauer interrogating the writers for Season 7 so he can learn the location of the real writers and he 'll go rescue them in time for Season 9 . If it were n't for Jon Voight 's acting and Agent Walker , it would have gotten 1 star .
 This season of 24 was n't my favorite , but was much better than the horrible sixth season . My two star rating is due to the substandard packaging . All 6 discs are shoe-horned into one standard DVD case . Based on the intelligence-insulting `` Going Green '' spots that aired during the show 's commercial breaks , I assume the limited packaging is to help the environment . It 's not going to , because the discs arrived dislodged and scratched and I am returning it for a replacement . In the end , more gas , more boxes , more fumes , and I 'm laughing at the `` going green '' delusion.Go Al Gore ! inferior products are the answer to the great climate `` crisis . ''
 First off , let me say that this is the first time I 've bought a season of a television show on blu ray . I 'm really quite disappointed . The constant -- and seemingly arbitrary -- shifts between nice clear shots and what I can only assume are intentionally grainy shots -LRB- for artistic purposes I suppose -RRB- , are irksome and really throw into question the purpose of having this on blu ray to begin with . I like blu ray in general , but I wish I had gotten the regular dvd version of this and saved 12 bucks.As for the season itself , I 've been a follower of 24 since the beginning , and this season is , I must say , the weakest of the 7 . I , like most , was disappointed with season 6 and was looking forward to a return to form for the show . Most seem to think season 7 IS a return to form but I disagree . In addition to being poorly constructed , the writers have returned to all the same narrative devices that were exhausted after the first few seasons -- moles in the government , machiavellian relatives , tiresome on-screen debating about the ethics of torture -LRB- let the audience debate Jack 's methods , do n't resort to simplistic middle-school level on-screen disputes -- it 's creative writing 101 that you SHOW do n't TELL -RRB- , twists you can see coming a mile away , the impossible choice scenario , characters complaining to co-workers that another co-worker or superior may not be up to job , innocent people being asked to go along with the bad guy so that jack can find the location of the headquarters -LRB- which always goes wrong -RRB- , the first villain only being part of a much larger plan , etc. . . I realize some of these are hallmarks of the show , and are what originally made the show so captivating , but really , how long can they keep being recycled?Also , some of the characters here are used in such a perfunctory manner , the show simply feels listless . Chloe disappears for large chunks of the narrative and does n't have much to do when she is onscreen ; Aaron Pierce is mostly standing around and it 's never really clear why he 's even there ; the great talent of Jon Voigt is essentially wasted in a hyperbolized role ; if you 're not gon na do more with Morris , leave him out . Moreover , the narrative itself is not well assembled . Plot threads frequently disappear inexplicably -LRB- a situation more common in later seasons of the show , most infamously in the case of Beruz from season 4 -- what ever happened to him ?? -RRB- or the show leaves them dormant for extended periods of time . The dialogue could also use some new life ; how many times can Jack Bauer convincingly bark things like `` We 're running out of time ! '' and why must we be subjected to repeated summaries of the plot by characters who blow up at other characters in moments of frustration
 I am a huge 24 fan and have loved every minutes of seasons 1-5 . Seasons 6 and 7 have felt a little tired . It is painfully obvious that even the writers did n't like where they were going with this season . It even seemed a little aimless at times . If you are new to the series , I recommend starting with seasons 1-3 .
 I love 24 , and I watched all seasons on disk , because I like to watch a few episodes at once , without commercials , etc. 7th season BD set is HORRIBLE .2 things that make it bad - super slow loading time and over - sharpened noisy digital transfer.The first one is just a pain . I have a Samsung player , 2 week old upgrade of the firmware , and most disks load within 20 seconds . This set loads - I am not kidding you - 5 minutes each disk !! Basically , I come home , turn it on first thing , and go to the kitchen to micro a burrito , pop a beer , come back - it 's still loading , i check my email , do stretches , and only then i hear the sound of Menu showing up , so I sit down to watch it . And mind you - this loading takes place EVERY TIME you do anything with the disk - since it 's connected via HDMI -LRB- bi-directional -RRB- - I once decided to switch TV to HDMI cable to check DVR recordings - BAD IDEA . Bluray player knows I interrupted my interest - it stops the disk . There is no resume on this disk either . If you stopped in the middle of the show - if you switched disks or anything - it 's LOADING TIME again . And back to the Menu.If you think it 's my player - think again - I watch tons of bluray disks on it , and only some give me such headaches - this set is one of them . And for what !!!! The Menu is just plain old Gzooonk-gzooonk with the `` 24 '' signature Clunking Sound -LRB- I love this part actually -RRB- . The picture is somehow dotty - as if 1080 was too much for it - ca n't really tell . I have a very good new TV set , and things look very nice and smooth normally . this is a minor thing , of course , since it does n't distract from viewing.One more thing . Some `` genius '' decided to stick a special about the score onto the very 1st disk - it 's a great special , but BEWARE - there are images from further episodes and they are spoilers!I hope the disk authoring company would take a look at reviews and do a better job next time.The show is great nevertheless !
 24
 As far as the product goes - The Blue-ray release looks dandy . As far as the season goes - Season 7 of `` 24 '' tries to hold interest , by doing changes in characters -LRB- namely , Jack and Tony -RRB- and also by bringing new character on board . However , every single new character is generic and boring to the ears and the eyes . This also sums up season 7 . It tries with a decent opener , but the rest of the season is a snooze-fest . `` 24 '' had a great run , but it has passed its time of death , by two seasons . It needs to end , or I need to quit watching .
 season 7 is little more than a 24 hour editorial in favor of torture . its proponents -LRB- mainly jack bauer of course -RRB- are portrayed as strong and wordly , and its opponents weak and out of touch with reality . if one can suspend one 's dismay at this very pervasive propaganda , the episode is undoubtedly exciting and much better than season six . hence the two stars .
 The item that I purchased was not what it was advertised . The first three disc froze up . Also it was in widescreen which was not told on item otherwise I would n't have purchased it . The item was shipped from Orlando which is about 65 miles away . I had to wait 8 days before I got it and there was no tracking for me to following the item . I was very , very unsatified with purchase I would n't recommend to buy from this person again .
 ... Jack 's done.I stopped watching the Season 7 broadcast as soon as Tony showed up . But , out of loyalty , I decided I should see the whole thing . I 'm glad I checked it out of the library and did n't waste my money on it.It 's sort of sad to see one of your favorite shows fall to such depths , but at least one can remember the better times . Season 1 was a compelling conceptual start . Season 2 saw the show at its peak , then a slow gradual decline through Season 5 , but it was still very good . And then the cliff . I think I 'll try to forget the last two seasons and say my farewell to Jack Bauer as he took a slow boat to China at the end of Season 5 .
 It 's been a month since I ordered this and I have still not received it . I have not had a response from the vendor either .
 Once great TV show has turned to garbage in the last 2 seasons . I personally did n't believe it could get any worse than season 6 , when I found out that Papa Bauer and Graeme were actually controlling the world . I wanted Jack to repeatedly suffocate the writers with a plastic bag . But in season 7 a dozen African frogmen infiltrate the White House through the basement and slap the female president around . I was speechless . The final blow , however , is Evil Tony . When Larry Craig was suffocated I vowed never again to waste my time with this trash .
 For the 4th time in the history of `` 24 '' , Fox has changed the packaging that the DVDs come in . -LRB- Digipacks , thinpacks , the cardboard book -LSB- season 1 special edition -RSB- and now ultra slim sets -LSB- 6 discs crammed inside a standard DVD case -RSB- . Because of this change , two things have occurred . Obviously Season 7 will not match your other sets , and there is no space for the `` bonus '' 7th disc that 's been a staple of the `` 24 '' DVD sets since the release of season 2 . Also , `` 24
 Once again this review occurs in real time . This one starts slightly more plausibly than the previous iterations . When is a safe house not a safe house ? When it has readily accesible ventilation ducts . Here 's a shocker the new white house is less than a day old and already we have an ideological standoff between the President and her chief of staff . Is there nothing this CIP device ca n't do ? It 's like `` the override '' 2.0 . Ca n't the invasion wait a week ? I 'm no president , but the decision to pull out the troops seems like a no brainer . Nice borrowing of the Predator franchise soundtrack . Good to see that the FBI also promotes inter office romances . I like the fact they call the villain `` Debacle '' . In a completely innovative plot twist the FBI has a mole . How do they come up with these wrinkles every season ? The slap-o-rama is an acting tour de force-must see TV . This season was scoring very high on the plausibility scale until the raid on the white house by dudes wearing jungle fatigues . All of the hard work by the script writers was immediately tossed out of the window . The team then digs deep and comes up with a safe room - hostage standoff and a family member close to the president with reckless ambition . Provisional chief of staff ? Really . When your walking on thin ice you might as well dance ... I guess . From estranged daughter for ten years to chief of staff in less then 5 hours . They 've gone too far when Starkwood management , after blackmailing the President with a WMD cataclysm , shows up in the oval office with a GBC binding on their proposal for a cabinet position ? GBC !? Let 's go with another Kim is our hostage and will die unless you help us plot . We have n't trotted that one out in a few seasons . All in all not as far fetched as some years , but assigning your daughter off the street one of the highest offices in the land made up for any realism the show had to offer . I give it a generous 2 stars .
 I wo n't sugarcoat it
 How the might fall . It was only in 2006 that Season 5 aired and , in my opinion , was one of the finest examples of television drama ever . Flash-forward to 2009 , however , and 24 is mundane , predictable and close to unwatchable . As if 24
 The audacity FOX has to put this item up for sale is breathtaking . Quick ! What 's the fastest way to piss away $ 39 ? Purchase the Season Seven DVD set of 24 , which you 'll never receive in the mail until FALL 2009 ! That 's right Grandma/Wife/Mother , the young man in your life is currently awaiting Season Seven on the TV , which will begin JANUARY 2009 . There are no time machines available that can provide the complete season on DVD for an early release !
 The only reason this product is `` available '' for pre-order one year in advance is so some unwitting grandmother can `` buy '' it for her favorite grandson -LRB- because Amazon `` will deliver it to you when it arrives '' -RRB- . In other words , 20th Century Fox is desperate for revenue this season and is steeping pretty damn low to get it.Sadly , the fact that 38 percent of the people who view this item actually purchase it demonstrates that this ploy is working . I 'm not sure which is worse -- that people actually fall for it , or that Fox is taking advantage of their naivete . Shameful .
 Its a brand new batch of MK Ultra brainwashing ; the 7th batch in fact . Yeah , `` innocent '' people get shot and blown up , but they 're all bad terrorist-folk and death is good ! The government loves you . Secret cabals of torture/killers are good!Since the terror/torture memos have been released , the general population has been inoculated against being shocked by this news ; thanks to shows like `` 24 '' . You hear them on talk radio
 They are releasing season 7 a day after the final episodes air . Why would I want to buy this season after I just watched it ?! I understand that people who want to buy it that do n't watch the show on television but for people that do watch it , they wo n't want to buy this the day it comes out . There is a reason that most season dvds come out in fall , because it has been 4 months or so since you last saw an episode . I 've always bought my 24 dvds the month they came out because it has been so long since I watched the show but not this time . I 'm going to wait until there is a sale on it for like $ 20 a year from now . Dumbest marketing move that Fox could have done , imo . They probably were impressed by their redemption sales and figured they could pull the same stunt .
 This is BSI watched season 7 last year on TV , but now I buy the disk only to find out that a part was cut . The most intense part of the show is the white House break-in , and Fox completely cut it out . Disk 4 shows the preview of it as though it was on disk2 , but it 's not . Last time I buy a movie .
 There was a time when I appreciated Jack Bauer and was riveted to the screen as each hour unfolded . I realized the Bauer character was pretty preposterous but I did n't care . I needed the absurd escapism . This time was when I was going through severe chemotherapy for cancer and was a number of seasons ago . To put it mildly , I could not deal with anything -LRB- else -RRB- very weighty . I 've been well now for awhile and have been able to move back into weightier matter while still enjoying escapist fare . However , I hit a brick wall with this season of 24 . The whole idea of Jack Bauer being this perfect patriot who is going to save the entire country in the next 24 hours is just too much . Watching him use his cell phone EVERYWHERE to save the country is yet another element which has grown and grown and is now almost a satire within a satire . Also , there is nothing that Jack can not do . You need a plane flown ? Jack can do it . Any kind of plane . You need someone to bear up under inhuman torture ? Piece of cake for Jack . You need for other characters to die while Jack remains impregnable ? Just about everyone but Jack is always killed off in this series . Some come back to life but most do n't . In fact , I have come to miss Kiefer Sutherland playing the villain in movies because I am so tired of straight arrow Jack . I am thinking of where he played the villain in FREEWAY with Reese Witherspoon and he was fabulous . That deep voice of his is perfect for villainous roles . Finally , I miss the earliest seasons of 24 where we had some characters who were not stick figures who are all black or white . Perfect case in point was the President 's wife , Sherry , who was the perfect villain in so many instances yet capable to doing a 180 degree turn and being the good guy too . If you are in a bad place and need some great escapism , get the first few seasons of 24 and skip this latest . I hope to see Kiefer Sutherland return to feature films soon . He needs it and above all , we need it .
 With this receipt my collection now includes seven seasons . So then why were seasons 1 - 6 delivered as a box set , one per season , but season 7 came as 6 individual DVD 's in six individual cases . I suppose they all watch the same but they look aesthetically lousy on the shelf next to the other seasons .
 We purchased a used set of the 7th season of 24 from Amazon . It was fine until the last two disks , which each had scratched areas and we had to skip large portions of the story to bypass the damaged sections . Unfortunately , the damage on the last disk was near the end so we were left guessing how the 7th season ended .
 Execution
 Where oh where is the Jack Bauer we 've come to know and love ? *** SPOILER *** 1 . He 's come down with the ol' Toxic Biochemical Weapon Flu , the pain and weakness of which can only be releaved every episode by heroically injecting himself with something and them going back into the fray . This gets painful to watch over a few episodes , but HALF THE SEASON ???? And then to end up in a coma ??? 2 . He 's riddled with guilt over his methods that are no longer politically correct with our new presidential administration . Let 's all sit around and hold hands with the bad guys ... while they 7conveniently slit out throats and laugh at our good intentions ! Gim me a break ! 3 . And ... he 's popping up in commercial breaks to tell us how to make our lives even `` greener '' ... Thank you , Al Gore.The only reason I gave this 2 stars is that I appreciate the cast , even if they are trying to sell us a bill of goods . If I ever get this DVD set , it 'll be when it 's knocked down to $ 9.95 at least . Otherwise , I 'll be happy with the other 7 sesons I own and forget this one ever existed .
 Here we go again ... ludicrous storylines , idiotic twists , irritating characters , lots of gunfire and armed SWAT teams storming buildings and the villian they 're after slipping out quietly through a side door ... everything that wound you up in the first six series is back again for season 7 , with knobs on.What really strangles most of the 24 seasons at birth , though , is the format that made it famous ... that it all happens in ` real ' time , over the course of a single day . This is n't a real problem when this single day is stretched over 24 episodes , shown one a week on TV , for 5 or 6 months . But on DVD , when most of us watch two or three episodes a night during the course of a week or so , the preposterous succession of cataclysmic events , of the kind that most of us would be unlucky to witness in a lifetime , one after the other , reduces everything to the level of total and unbelievable farce.In this season , for example , we have the White House attacked and bombs going off inside the building , loads of people gunned down , and rooms and walls and furniture etc destroyed or sprayed with bullets ... and yet , barely two hours later , there is no evidence of this whatsoever , and life goes on in a pristine , undamaged White House as if nothing has happened at all!One of the bonus features on Disc 6 shows the writers discussing the various problems of tailoring stories to the strait jacket of the 24 hour ` real time ` format , with one guy saying they did consider having a ` time gap ' between each event , like fast forwarding to three weeks later , for example . Sadly , this was dismissed as it might upset the 24 ` purist ' fans . To me this was a big mistake and might have freed them up to deliver more credible storylines with a bit more character development , for example.Still , all this is moot now , as I gather Season 8 has just ended and it was the last they 're doing . Daft as 24 was , you ca n't deny it was entertaining and had some money spent on it , and Jack Bauer is a great character ... that 's why I can grudgingly give Season 7 one star . It loses the other 4 for bringing back really annoying bit part characters from earlier seasons for no reason whatsoever , and for all the other reasons mentioned above.I do n't know if Jack Bauer survives at the end of Season 8 , but if he does , there 'd be nothing wrong with perhaps two or three feature films based on his character ... WITHOUTtrying to cram it all into one totally unrealistic and idiotic 24 hour period . It could n't be any worse than a lot of the other hideous ` reboot ' rubbish spewing out of Hollywood , that 's for sure .
 I really do n't care about the review itself and I was disappointed that all of you felt this was were you needed to discuss that information . If you liked or disliked the seventh season or what happened in it does n't really matter to me . I wanted to hear more about the quality of the Blu-ray than who Jack Bauer killed.I have not seen the season and was waiting to buy it on Blu-Ray before I watched it until I saw on the front package that it was a 6 disc set . WTF ??? When I saw that I put it back down and walked away mad as hell ! My PlayStation 3 does a great job of upgrading my tv shows on DVD to the point were I do n't need to buy Blu-ray disc yet and can wait until the price drops . HOWEVER , the one reason I would purchase a tv show on Blu-ray is because the whole season should be on only ONE , maybe TWO disc being it holds 25GB of data per disc . I do n't want to play around with changing disc when I do n't have to.I have all the seasons of Married with Children -LRB- except the last season which comes out in November -RRB- and I know all the espoides from each season would fit on only ONE disc and that 's what I want . I want that with all the tv shows I would buy on Blu-ray and wo n't purchase a tv show on Blu-ray until that 's how it is.My issue is that 24 should consist of only two disc and that 's it . Why do I have to fumble with 6 disc like I would have to with DVDs ? I saw target had each season on DVD for $ 19 each and that 's what I 'm going to buy . I 'm pissed that I waited so long for 24 to be on Blu-ray just to have to go buy it on DVD instead . Whom ever made the decision to spread it over more than two disc is a moron and should be fired .
 My best advice
 I never received my merchandise . I do not understand how a product was shipped 9/23/09 but never received . I will never use Michael Corset and to date , I have not made up my mind as to whether I will use Amazon.com . again .
 Give me a break ! Widescreen ?? I pre-ordered this item . I would have never guessed that it would show up in widescreen . The tops of the actors heads are often cut off . Why do this?I am getting so annoyed by this format and I 'm only on the first episode !
 I ordered this item on 6/11/09 - it is July 16th and I still have not received it . My first email to the seller was answered saying his computer was down . Subsequent emails as to WHERE this item is have gone unanswered .
 of course beings that we started from the beginning of the series , it took a while to get to this one , but once we did the disc would not play in any equiptment we have in our house . By that time it was to late to return it . Basically we got ripped off on both 2 CD series .
 Item overrated !!! The seller stated the item was in `` Very Good '' condition . But the facts are that I am missing two of the cases . The seller just doubled-up the other discs in the other cases . Discs # 4 had visible scratches upon it . When played , the disc froze in my DVD player . I was able to surpass that area of the program . But to me if something is rated this high there should be no problems with the product . That is not the case here !
 I have stated before that when the product arrived the holder for the DVD 's was broken . I was lied to and told I would be sent a new holder . It never happened.When I played the DVD 's the disc # 6 would not play properly and I had to skip much of it in order to see any of that disc . As I said before I WILL NOT BE PURCHASINGANY MORE ITEMS FROM YOU .
 This movie is about an awkward young woman descending into an obsession with a female neighbor . As her life disintegrates -LRB- social life , career -RRB- she fixates on this woman . The movie has a very slow pace and is very repetitive . It was not what I expected after reading the reviews .
 A well-meaning but painfully insecure young teacher slowly - painfully slowly - falls apart and eventually commits an unrealistic suicide by climbing from the driver 's seat into the back seat of her car that experieces no road friction . Absurd , painful to watch and utterly pointless . Do n't waste your time .
 My kids -LRB- 7 & 9 -RRB- and I really enjoy old musicals . Sadly , this one did NOT stand the test of time . It was a good `` teaching moment '' for discussing World War II propaganda , but otherwise had no redeemable value . Aside from the first twenty minutes or so , the rest is unwatchable . Please check out the sweet title tune on youtube , but do n't waste your time or money watching the rest . It is truly awful.Summer Stock and the Pirate , both with Gene and Judy , are much much better than this !!!
 This movie I think was just plain depressing ! Just when you think something good and happy will happen , someone dies , people seperate , bones are broken , so on and so forth . This movie got alot of great reviews , and it was a fun movie , but for people who like complete happy endings , this film is not for you .
 This was honestly the worst movie I have ever endured . By the time I made it to the 30 minute marker , I began fast forwarding . There was barely a word of dialogue , so I knew I would n't miss an important passage , and the movie largely consisted of the same 3 flashback scenes being played over and over and over again.Besides , who cooks their lover 's heart and vital organs on a gas grill for 45 minutes ? There 's a reason why people do n't grill up hearts of any species , and if you left a heart on the grill for 45 minutes to go on a scooter ride , you 'd probably come back to charred lump , which you 'd still have to choke down because otherwise , why 'd you kill him?If I ever met director Ulli Lommel in person , I would seriously be tempted to eat his heart , just to prevent him from making another devastating failure like this one .
 I 'll watching anything horror related , but this was truly painful . Terrible direction , the worst editing , an awful soundtrack and wooden acting . Save yourself ! Keep browsing .
 All I can say is do n't rent it , do n't buy it and if you 're unlucky enough to be somewhere when it is being played -LRB- Train , Plane , Ship etc. . -RRB- just gouge your eyes out and stick pencils in your ears.I 've been trying to think of words that describe this rubbish , please feel free to pick from any of the following !! terrible , inexcusable , dire , tiresome , atrocious , unpardonable , awful , mind-numbing , intolerable , excruciating , unbearable , agonizing , painful , indefensible , lackluster , boring , appalling , dismal , grim , calamitous , catastrophic , disastrous , dreary , tediousIf I 've missed something please feel free to drop in some other words that describe this rubbish , but shame on you if you actually sat through the film after reading this ! Really , all joking aside , do n't waste your time . Ulli Lommel should not be allowed to make movies , he should not be allowed anywhere near a camera , motion or otherwise.Heed my warning !!! You have been told !!
 A guy loves a girl so much that he wants her to kill him and eat him . She does . Later she dies . The end . Do n't let that description mislead you . The movie is not that exciting.The same scene keeps playing over and over again . This is really nothing like a movie . It 's more like a B-roll tape that you would screen for something good and might use 5-minutes of for a movie.This movie feels like it will never end . It 's not so bad that it 's cool . It 's just bad .
 This is the worst movie i 've seen in a long time . It 's a cool idea , but everything about the finshed product just ... well , it sucks . Hard . : sigh
 If you 've had the misfortune of seeing this `` movie '' , you know what I 'm talking about . Supposedly based on a real life crime , this is the story of a couple that meets on the internet and fall in love . In order to achieve true together-ness , the boyfriend decides that that girlfriend must literally eat his heart . So , after thinking about , she decides to do just that . Later , she 's arrested and severely beaten by immates who had been paid off by her boyfriend 's mother . Dying in the hospital , she re-tells the who story to a pair of detectives.There are so many problems with this movie . While the premise sounds vaguely interesting , it seems like the writers and directer simply could not flesh it out . The movie is loaded with the same shots shown two , three , or four times . Other times , there are extended scenes where the girl , after killing her boyfriend , simply does nothing but walk around or ride around town on a scooter . Maybe the filmmakers could have used the time develop the backstory and try to figure out A -RRB- Why the boyfriend would want to do this , and B -RRB- why the girlfriend would agree to it . At one point , the boyfriend simply throws out the idea of eating his heart , and when his girlfriend recoils , it suddenly dawns on him that his girlfriend must not love him . What ?!?! Then , deciding that she really does love him , she agrees to the plan . Again , what ?!?! I mean , I love my wife and child , but being eaten by them does not seem like the best way I can prove my love . We do n't really learn anything about the backstories of these characters except that the girl 's father died when she was young and that the guy 's mother really loves him . In fact , we see flashbacks of the mother telling her son this and hear voiceovers from the father to his daughter , from letters he wrote her before his death from some disease . Neither of these things add anything to the story nor do they explain the motivations of the characters , unless the boyfriend took mom 's `` I love you so much I could eat you up '' quote literally.Another problem is the direction . The pacing is awful . The movie crawls along at a snails pace . The story is told in non-sequential flashbacks , which is n't really a good way to tell a story . Every time the audience returns to the hospital room where the girl is telling her story , the scene is shot in a blurry , shakey style which , I suppose , is supposed to mirror the girlfriend 's state of mind but it really annoying to the viewer.Lead actress Jillian Swanson is so awful it defies explanation . She shows zero emotion . She has the same expression throughout the whole movie and seems extremely uncomfortable in front of the camera . Lead actor Trevor Parsons is slightly better , but he 's not good.There is absolutely nothing to recommend about this movie . It does n't even qualify as `` so bad its good '' . How this movie ever got made , much less released , is a complete mystery to me . AVOID AT ALL COSTS !
 What a bad bad movie . The `` film '' has the same scenes playing over and over again and over again . The scenes are just recycled and repeated at nauseaum . The movie has barely any plot , uses some of the same sets ofZombie Nation -LRB- another horrible Lommel movie -RRB- and has pathetic and horrible acting.The movie is about a couple who is in love . The boy wants to be with the girl forever . Seemingly he wants to create an unbreakable bond with her . Instead of marriage , he decides that she must eat his heart . Yes , psychotic , but so is the movie . Although reluctant at first , the girl later agrees . The story starts as the girl is being questioned by the police when she is in a mental institution -LRB- another `` Zombie Nation '' recycled set -RRB- . The story is told through flashbacks as the couple get on their trailer home to a storage space to prepare for the `` event '' . The story attemps , yet miserably fails , to make some social commentary . The social commentary , what little there is of it , gets lost in the flimsy plot and bad acting . There is very little emotion displayed by the actors and the little there is , is forced and fake.I fast forwarded through most of the movie . Most of the scenes are recycled and others have barely any dialogue at all . There is a lot of walking and pondering by the actors , too much of it.In conclusion , please do not watch this movie . It is the worst waste of anyone 's time . If you want to watch it just because everyone says it 's so bad , stop and change your decision . It is really bad .
 Here 's another one of the once competent director Ulli Lommel 's recent micro-budget movies . This time it 's about a young couple who meet on the internet , fall in love , and the girl eats the guy . Told mostly in flashbacks , with minimum amounts of dialogue , the story would be enough for a fifteen minute short film , but Lommel somehow managed to stretch it out to feature length and needless to say , the result is an extremely slow , very boring movie with lots of scenes that add nothing to the `` plot '' -LRB- if there ever was one -RRB- . You sit around waiting for something to happen but it never does.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 This film is slow and disjointed . No I did n't watch it more than 10-15mins but its enough to know this film does n't have either the style or technique to get better.How can anyone get involved with the cannibal couple when their relationship is snippets between flashes of gore or her with a bloody face looking matter of a fact . These snippets are among other snippets of her in a hospital bed being interviewed by police then ones that prod the plot along . No character development since there is no character . The plot would have to pretty linear to survive its fragmentation ; I think its all supposed to suggest a bad dream.The music is crappy , vapid and vaguely sentimental . There is a sensationalist air to the whole drivel .
 Believe all that you read here . This movie is TERRIBLE ! The `` plot '' is supposed to be about a guy and a girl who fall in love . Apparently they decide it is a good idea for her to EAT the guy 's heart because they are so in love . First off , WHY ? They do n't explain why two good looking young people would want to do this . Why does he want to be eaten ? And why does she want to eat him and spend her life in jail ? We never get a clear motive other than the girl 's father died when she was 6 and the guy 's mother is really mushy and smothering . There did n't seem to be enough there to create two people this disturbed!The pace , the dialogue , the acting and the camera work are HORRID ! They also keep showing the same scene with the making love , kissing and her tying him up and killing him . They show this OVER AND OVER AND OVER as flashbacks as she is in a hospital bed trying to explain it to detectives . They could have cut these EXTENSIVE and useless scenes down and added some backstory . The music is also the SAME annoying track over and over . The whole movie is ridiculously repetitive ! Instead of watching this , why not just play a broken record for 80 minutes ? That would probably be more entertaining than this film!Every scene is drawn out and longer than it has to be . The movie is all `` filler '' and no meat ! There are LONG lingering shots of Los Angeles , about 10 minutes of lambs being slaughtered and cut up and lots of other pointless scenes that do nothing for the story other than make it drag . They could have fit the plot into 10-15 minutes of screen time and they would have been doing us a HUGE favor ! This is too terrible of a movie to be funny , it is so bad , it 's just BAD ! Also , nobody mentioned THE HUGE hole in the plot . She is supposedly in PRISON for murdering the guy and gets beat up by other inmates . So WHY are the detectives questioning her when she is obviously dying and they clearly had enough evidence for her to be in jail to begin with ? If they already know she did it why ask her what happened ? It does n't even make sense!The only redeeming quality is the actress who plays the main character is very pretty and we see her nude but her acting is AWFUL ! True she did n't have much of a script to work with and it did n't look like she had a good director either . I think the actors needed to be pushed harder . They do n't even seem like they are trying ! Sadly though , I do n't think this script could have been saved ... that is if they even HAD an actual script ! Personally , I think it looks like they filmed a bunch of silly bologna over and over then edited it together into a `` movie '' if you can even call it that . It is more like a documentary on how NOT to make movies ! If I could rate this zero stars I would . I am sure a bunch of high school students could make a more interesting movie than this bore-fest !
 First of all I did n't buy this from Amazon or one of its sellers . That was my first mistake . I could have read the customers reviews . I did n't hate it ONLY because I am a gore fan and there was a little of it -LRB- NOT MUCH -RRB- and Jillian Swanson has nice looking tits . -LRB- So much for my two stars -RRB- My second mistake was trusting Ulli Lommel . I really liked The Boogeyman but he messed this one up big time . The screenplay was horrable . Sometimes movies based on true stories just do n't work . This story should have been changed where the woman was insane and killed several boy friends instead of just one . It is SO druged out . Over and over and over the same scene with her holding a knife . The religious cult idea did n't fly either . MY last mistake was NEVER trust a DVD by it 's cover . Hey at least there were a couple of interesting previews from Lions Gate before the movie . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 I gave this movie one star , but of course that 's only because Amazon is merciful and does not allow 0-star ratings . It 's the kind of movie that repels people who like good movies , BUT it also repels that select group who love the campy , bad horror movies because it 's the kind of bad movie that does n't provide the latter audience with the kind of `` bad '' they seek out -LRB- ie. , over-the-top gore , maniacal psychopaths , etc. -RRB- This group of people is likely to be repelled by the horribly edited artsy-fartsy montages of kissing and prancing on the beach mixed with ducks swimming in a pond to the tune of mellow music ... by the way , these wordless montages take up about 70 % of this waste of DVD plastic . So because this movie attempts to straddle multiple film genres -LRB- and does so badly with every one -RRB- I 'd say this is probably the only movie ever made guaranteed to be hated by literally everybody on the planet , regardless of their tastes . I guess that 's kind of an accomplishment , actually .
 This movie is about an awkward young woman descending into an obsession with a female neighbor . As her life disintegrates -LRB- social life , career -RRB- she fixates on this woman . The movie has a very slow pace and is very repetitive . It was not what I expected after reading the reviews .
 A well-meaning but painfully insecure young teacher slowly - painfully slowly - falls apart and eventually commits an unrealistic suicide by climbing from the driver 's seat into the back seat of her car that experieces no road friction . Absurd , painful to watch and utterly pointless . Do n't waste your time .
 `` The Reeds '' is a hopelessly confusing mess , a horror film that knows neither the story it wants to tell nor how it wants to tell it . While many scary and bloody things happen all throughout , and while it consistently establishes mood , no real attempt is made at a story until the final ten minutes , at which point we 're hit with not one but two plot twists that make absolutely no sense . I hate movies like this . They have no ambition other than to keep you in a perpetual state of bewilderment . I grant you that not everything has to be wrapped up in a neat little package , but really , what can be gained by jerking the audience 's chain without providing some kind of payoff?It opens on a premise horror movies thrive on
 Part of After Dark Horrorfest 4 , The Reeds -LRB- 2009 -RRB- is a horror thriller set in the British countryside that while semi-atmospheric , is n't very well written or executed , as six twentysomethings from London , head out for a weekend of boating in some reedy wetlands . After managing to rent a boat from a Mr. Croaker -LRB- Geoff Bell -RRB- , the outing turns disastrous when the group runs into trouble in the boggy marsh.The group has virtually no boating or outdoor skills , and they soon become lost . Night falls , and they are stupidly struggling to make their way through the wetlands in the dark , when they have a disastrous accident . The group 's lack of intelligence is almost comical as they try to cope with the situation . After accidentally setting their boat on fire , the night turns tragic for several individuals.Besides a couple of cool scenes of violence , The Reeds does n't have much to recommend it . The people are clueless , and barely manage to keep from killing themselves . They are involved in a greater mystery , that includes supernatural forces , murder , and a group of younger kids that are seen running through the swamplands . Eventually it appears that some of the survivors may have made it to safety , but the film has a surprise finish , that may leave you scratching your head . The writing and dialog is generally quite poor , giving the actors little chance to shine . Anna Brewster , O. T. Fagbenle , and Scarlet Johnson , probably do the best job . The action ramps up at the end , featuring more terrible acting , as a confusing supernatural element is revealed . The Reeds is a muddled mess that gets stuck in the muck early . It 's barely worth seeing once , but the finish seems to indicate otherwise . You can catch it on Sy Fy , and decide for yourself .
 When I saw previews for this film , I thought it may have been based on Algernon Blackwood 's short story The Willows . I was excited , but quickly became bored . The film is little more than the same `` kill the cast '' flicks of which you have seen entirely too many.The setting is lovely -LRB- the Broads are a joy -RRB- , and the thought of being lost in a sea of reeds is bound to bring out fear , but I wound up fast-forwarding in the hopes that something would catch my eye and tell me what was going on.SPOILER ALERT . The `` reveal '' does n't really reveal much . The killer is told to kill by the ghosts , but that makes no sense . No explanation that I saw said why he killed the kids in the first place . So it is a chicken and the egg kind of thing . Makes no sense , has no significant plot , and the very end , where everything seems to go back in time and the woman 's eyes turn black , makes no sense either . I was really disappointed .
 UK import The Reeds marks another foreign release for this year 's lineup of the After Dark Horrorfest , but compared to Lake Mungo and Hidden , this is sadly the worst . The Reeds follows a group of friends who run afoul of some very disturbing goings-on along the river . Equal parts slasher and ghost story , The Reeds starts out slow and proceeds to go nowhere , plodding along while throwing one incomprehensible story element at you after another . It does n't take long to realize The Reeds is going nowhere fast , although the film is sort of strangely compelling , just to see what direction things are going to take in terms of what horror sub-genre the film is going to scrape up against next . The ending is mind-boggling and kind of lame , and while The Reeds is n't abysmal , there is n't anything worth mentioning about it either .
 Like most viewers , I reacted to the somber and respectful tone of the film . The well-wishes of everyone who encountered the fallen soldier was emotionally true and impactful . But at the end of the film , I realized that I 'd been led into a very sick place -- sick enough that I was motivated to write this review . I think the easiest way to get a proper perspective on `` Taking Chance '' is to imagine for a moment that the fallen soldier is n't an American . Chance is a Russian soldier who was killed fighting in Afghanistan and is being conducted home by a member of the Russian military and is being honored along the way by Russian citizens . As much as we might be emotionally struck by the admiration and respect accorded to the soldier , we would not accept that respect blindly . The soldier was armed , he was in Afghanistan at the Russian government 's behest to kill people , and he died in combat . We can not admire and respect him without asking two questions
 Even though I did n't care for this film , I should add that I fully respect those who have served in our armed forces and that I mean no disrespect to them or to their sacrifices . Having said that , this movie impressed me as a flat -LRB- but morbid and depressing -RRB- semi-documentary with little or no suspense or dramatic value . The cast and the scenery all seemed to emanate from a squeaky clean Norman Rockwell painting -- multiracial , cross-generational , photogenic , super-respectful and solemn . Maybe if they had introduced some outside tension -- such as romantic temptation or virulent anti-war protestors it would have made for a more compelling movie . On the other hand , I can readily see how the film as produced would appeal to Military families and those who have lost loved ones to combat .
 Most silent films , damaged by the course of the time , exist in different versions of different running time , but when a DVD is released is supossed to be the most complete version existing -LRB- for instance , the Flicker Alley DVD of `` La roue '' -RRB- . Well , this is not the case with the Kino `` The outlaw and his wife '' -LRB- price
 I guess I have to admit I was expecting more from this show . The fact the props and background scenery is nothing more than what a high school production can accomplish could be overlooked if the writing was up to par . The sad fact is that it is n't , for me at least . When the LOGO label appeared I truly expected something more , but ended up seeing something way less . Maybe growing up with the brilliance of SNL 's early days made me jaded against this , who knows ... It is at least worthy to know it is attempted as a `` gay '' show ... . I wo n't be purchasing season 2 .
 This reminds of the kind of skits one might see from a group of high schoolers trying to make some funny skits for an overnight camp show . The humor comes from watching your friends being silly -- not from the actual script itself which would be pretty lame . That is what watching this show was like . The jokes are poorly thought out and even more poorly acted . There is no sense of comic timing and the skits run impossibly long to the point where I kept skipping ahead to see if maybe the next skit would be funny.No such luck . It 's a shame that I ca n't enter 0 stars .
 The only laughs in this show are the canned laughter which is unbearable to have to endure continuously . I watched the first 2 episodes and found nothing at all to laugh at . Dreadfully corny and totally unfunny . If this was a British series there would have been laughs galore.I simply could not endure the rest of the episodes on the dvd and ceased watching it after the 2nd episode.It is one of those shows that you know after the first 5 minutes that you are in for a tedious time . Totally inane and childish sketches that it is a wonder the writers were able to have a second series . This is truly the very worst comedy show of all time . If you think that this show is funny then you have a very juvenile taste in comedy . There are some great gay comedians / writers in America but the writers of this show are not amongst them . I cringed when I watched it.How could some one get away with such rubbish ?
 Over-used themes , tired jokes and lame skits all comprise this show which should have been called Big Gay Blah . I was shocked to see two people actually thought this was funny . I think they are the only two . How is this show still on ? To compare this show to SNL is like comparing Shakespeare to `` 10 Things I Hate About You . ''
 Poor Ian Stone . He 's got girl troubles . His shape-shifting , reality-bending `` ball & chain '' found out about his mistress , his one true love , his Lois Lane . And not only is the tramp less attractive , she 's from the wrong side of the tracks . So Medea will have to kill her rapscallion hubby-from-another-dimension because , umm , she 's trying to win him back.Of course , it would be easy to just off the mistress because , as one character so aptly points out halfway through the film -- by which point the plot has expanded and imploded like an accordion at a zydeco stomp -- you only find true love once and , when that 's no longer an option , you just sort of end up settling for second-best , i.e. Medea . Yes , you would think a dimension-hopping demon could just shift its `` right arm '' into what looks like a scythe -LRB- get it , they 're Harvesters -RRB- made out of a heaping helping of CGI and slice Jenny Walker 's jugular , but , excuse me , we still have about 80 minutes left to kill . So , on with the show already , Slipknot lookalikes!And if you know anything about the mythology behind `` Medea , '' you know that she 's all about hubby-killing . Girls with boy troubles will probably like that about this film . It 's about the only thing I could figure out . There was a lot of mumbo jumbo about how love is stronger than fear and all that flower-humping hippie nonsense , and hide-and-seek action in the vein of Neo vs. the Matrix -LRB- or whatever Kurosawa film the Wachowski brothers stole that idea from -RRB- , but that 's just so you feel like you got your money 's worth -- until you realize you 've been duped like a chump guzzling smart drinks at a rave .
 The Deaths of Ian Stone -LRB- Dario Piana , 2007 -RRB- I 'm not a filmmaker myself , which may be why I consistently fail to understand it when I see a movie that starts out with such incredible promise and then fails utterly . The Deaths of Ian Stone is the most recent of these I 've seen . For the first thirty minutes , I was absolutely thrilled . Then it went to pieces , and instead of making any attempt at recovery , just got steadily worse from there.Ian Stone -LRB- The Sisterhod of the Traveling Pants ' Mike Vogel -RRB- , when we open , is a hockey player at a small college in what seems to be either Canada or America , though if so , it 's a small town containing an incredible number of British expatriates . -LRB- Either that , or Vogel 's character is an expat himself , though it 's never mentioned . -RRB- After he blows the big game , he and his girlfriend Jenny -LRB- Casino Royale 's Christina Cole -RRB- drive back to her place , exchange some deep , meaningful diagloue , then he heads home in a sudden rainstorm aswirl with ominous music . At a railroad crossing , he sees an injured man in the road . Going to help him proves fatal ... until Ian wakes up from the nightmare . The first odd note comes a few seconds later , when we find out Jenny works in the same office -- and the two of them do n't seem to know one another . Instead , Stone is living with sexy artist Medea -LRB- Dexter 's Jaime Murray -RRB- . What 's going on ? We have no clue.And that 's what makes the first half-hour -LRB- of which I just gave you about half -RRB- of this movie so great -- we have no idea what on earth is happening , but these characters are at least interesting enough that we want to find out . And , at this point , they 're still quite well-acted , though both Vogel and Murray go off the rails about halfway through the movie . Once the plot is outlined and we know what 's going on , this turns from a slightly surreal existential drama into a standard survival-horror affair , and not a particularly well-made one either . **
 The premise of this movie was good . In fact , the first two thirds of the film kept me interested in trying to solve the mystery behind Ian Stone 's `` reincarnations '' , so to speak . Unfortunately , the main villainess reminded me so much of Lara Flynn Boyle 's character in Men in Black 2 that I had a hard time taking her seriously . Plus her compatriots looked like Matrix knock-offs . Bottom line
 Let me get this straight
 the previews , are pretty much the best part , there was plot for this movie -LSB- until the end kinda -RSB- still made no sense to me . the acting by some actors was great , but felt they were being rushed . big disappoint. : -LCB-
 The movie was ok . Sort of like John Carpenter 's The Thing with a frozen Arctic monster -LRB- s -RRB- this time , being bugs . If you saw The Thing , you 've seen this one . It 's that type of movie . Nothing new here except ... This one has vanishing vomit . Yes , it disappears , sometimes right before the character 's eyes and no one seems to notice.Let me explain . Out at the campsite in the tundra , a woman lies in a tent in a sleeping bag . She is ill . She sits up and vomits cotton balls right beside herself on the mat . A few momenst later , she needs to answer the radio which is across the tent ... she crawls right where she vomited ... but the vomit is gone.said woman later arrives at the main camp and is deathly ill . She is placed in a bed and , again , vomit and bile are oozing from her mouth as she dies . In this scene ... it comes and goes . One cut it 's on her mouth , the next it 's gone , then it 's back , then it 's gone ... and none of the characters seem to notice . Even after this when ever her body is shown ... it 's there or changes shape . And no one notices.Then there is another female character . She is bitten and falls ill . As she sits on a sofa talking to her boyfriend , she barfs right on the floor . He walks around it and acts like he does n't see it ... and it is gone for the rest of the film . No one is shown cleaning it up.Later , same girl is in a main traffic hallway and hurls again in front of all the characters . they rush to he aide and apparently stand in it . But no one notices . This hallway has a lot of traffic from that point on , and the vomit has vanished . No tracks marks , nothing .
 This movie had potential , but falls short . Val Kilmer had a small part and I think he must have just lent his name and on screen face time as a favor to the writer or director , or the guy is just hard up for work . This is a limited film and spends most of its time harping on global warming . It has its good points but more nap time moments and of course no skin shots at all which would have at least held my interest . Worth watching but not buying , rent if you can .
 Long-dormant bug-like creatures , now awake because of global warming , attack the researchers and college students on the Arctic tundra . Except the brief opening sequence where a disaster of enormous scale is implied , `` The Thaw '' remains a typical low-budget B horror movie with a new trick or two . In this case its trick is Val Kilmer 's character , Dr. Kruipen , who is seen dictating something before the camera , or the nasty horror poised to make a huge impact on human beings . Well , that 's what he thinks.Maybe this is not exactly a very original concept , but still works as a serviceable plot . It is a familiar situation where unsuspecting characters , ethnically diverse and mostly young , are trapped in a remote location with unwelcome parasitic creatures . In `` The Thaw '' the creatures can attack from inside your body , and things only get worse when you have to deal with people who start behaving erratically.The creature effects of `` The Thaw '' are fairly impressive , which means those who do n't like bugs or worms crawling on the skin should stay away . The film also uses the beautiful location of British Columbia , effectively creating isolated atmosphere . Unfortunately , the narrative is predictable , sometimes preposterous , with the cardboard characters doing exactly what we know they do . Also , though the acting of Val Kilmer -LRB- who appears as a support -RRB- is not bad , obviously this is not his best , either.Not a terrible movie , but not great either , with some nice effects .
 Okay , so this movie was pretty well produced ... there are some pretty good scenes . . the cinematography is even pretty good in parts ... but overall the acting stinks , and the plot requires the characters to make dozens of stupid decisions that no one would make . Its also a bit heavy handed on the whole ecology thing , which is not something I am even against ... its just not done that well . Still , its the best thing Val Killmovie . . uh sorry . . Kilmer has done in a long time .
 When you hear the words Global Warming so many times at the beginning ... ithing that a special group paid for this film . The film is pretty goodfor what it is , , , but seems to be missing important elements ... like moreeffects ... more gore ... bigger creatures ... etc. . . etc.Some of the special effects shots where the creatures are shown ... you haveto look twice ... as they are soo small ... They also put the weight of the ending on the back of a young rooky filmstar that i dont even know ... that too took away a bit of the film.So its a good film for what it is ... but something is missing and the filmends up paying for it ... . I like Val Kilmer ... but in here ... its only fora paycheck ... and he looks overfeed .
 OMG this was such a bad political movie . Man is responsible for killing the planet so he deserves to die by roach infestation . This was the theme of this movie . About a third of the way thru , I was begging for the Orkin man to show up and spray my DVD player to end my suffering .
 This movie about a mafia trial and an attempt to intimidate a juror -LRB- Demi Moore -RRB- into delivering a not guilty verdict totally lacks credibility and is unreal . In a trial of this nature in real life , surely the jury would be sequestrated -LRB- remember the O J Simpson trial ? -RRB- therefore the situation experienced by Demi Moore would never arise . This sums up my case .
 I watch this movie hoping for a enjoyment to watch . This moving was boring and I did n't finish it . Why keep punshing myself . Do n't buy or rent this quack of a movie . If it 's free it 's because they already was miserable with it and decide to get rid of it .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've seen in awhile . All it is about is Alec Baldwin being on trial , Demi Moore is one of the jurors , and Alec just keeps intimidating her to first get a hung jury , then to convince the rest of the jury that he 's innocent -LRB- which he is n't , of course -RRB- . There are absolutely NO twists and turns in this one . You can watch the first 45 minutes of it and pretty much guess how it 's going to turn out.To it 's credit , the acting is pretty good in this movie . It 's almost funny how well Alec Balwdin plays a really mean person.But the actors could not save the movie from its ridiculous story . You 'll want to skip this one .
 The Juror starring Demi Moore and Alec Baldwin looked like such an entertaining thriller but this movie is just so stupid . I could n't believe how dumb the plot and ending was . And who the hell what 's to see Anne Heche naked ? not me ! One of the worst movies I have ever seen , use this one as a coaster .
 Others have summarized the plot ; now I shall summarize the motifs ... After a thoroughly schlocky opening sequence - murders portrayed with the usual tastelessness of so-called thriller cinema - we have the usual set up of `` the ordinary 90s family '' -LRB- which hardly has enough detail to cover the fact that it 's thoroughly formulaic -RRB- . Once we have the picture in place of a well-intentioned mother and her cheerful and 90s-hip son , the film quickly decides that the audience is sufficiently prepared to be hounded , oppressed , and tortured along with the protagonists . Really ! How much fun does this sound ? The audience is forced to endure impossibly powerful and menacing Supervillain Alec Baldwin for the next hour and a half of misery . I suppose there are lots of viewers who will enjoy commiserating with poor Demi Moore and Joseph Gordon-Levitt , but is n't it very clear that they both deserve much better fates -LRB- and roles -RRB- than this schlock ? This is a real waste of Hollywood resources . And just how credible is the whole suit-wearing Mafia theme these days , anyway ? Hollywood just keeps building on its own myths and does n't care one whit about credibility or reality . In the process , I wonder just how many people are induced into paranoid fears as a result of this kind of drivel being dished out , film after film after film . It seems that the target audience is anyone who , like Demi Moore at the start of the film , just wants some excitement in their dull lives . But I suspect that this sort of film also presents women , teens , possibly others who feel insecure & frightened , with an extremely skewed image of life which magnifies their anxieties about a patriarchal world . Why could n't it be done with some realism , a bit of taste , and more dignity ? Instead , just as in slasher films , the supervillain is nearly omnipotent , and the only pathetic solution in such melodrama is -LRB- big surprise !! -RRB- that the heroine has to kill him off herself , since as everyone in Hollywood keeps telling us , there is no law in America except for the vigilante violence of those who have been pushed too far . Some may see such violence as a helpful step for women 's vicarious empowerment ; but such gestures seem to me pretty feeble when relegated to this kind of ridiculous scenario . There 's no longer anything progressive in showing a woman turn violent in a ridiculously staged and antificial thriller scenario . It 's time Hollywood and its patrons grew up a bit and stopped this sort of distracting drivel in favor of things that tell it as it really is . Whatever kernel of truth lies in this scenario should be presented realistically rather than manipulatively exaggerated ; since to do so with such themes is to render them ludicrous , in which case this sort of film acts as a red herring for whatever cause people may try to attribute to it . Clearly , these filmmakers were not bold enough to do anything except make a lurid and artificial thriller - one which purportedly sympathizes with the oppressed but , given the amount of screentime devoted to it , may actually at the same time be capitalizing on the macho-villain 's grandstanding antics by appealing to sadistic and power-hungry fantasies in some male viewers !!!
 I picked up this movie with the hope of seeing some action and suspense , but was instead subjected to a dark , murky movie with Demi Moore screaming at her kid , and the dark , lifeless face of Mr. Baldwin 's character . Do n't get me wrong . I respect and admire both Demi and Mr. Baldwin for their roles in other films , but this was not a good move on their part . I cleaned out some junk last weekend , and this movie went with it . . Now I 'm thinking I should have thrown it out , as I would not want to subject anyone else to this . .
 Plot is kind of ridiculous , but acting is good -- especially Alec Baldwin 's performance .
 Let me begin by stating that Ghoulies IV is a bad movie . Still , it has some goofy and hilarious moments sprinkled throughout that make it okay viewing for the b-movie fan . What disappointed me was that the original Ghoulies were nowhere to be found in Ghoulies IV , other than in flashbacks . Here we have new Ghoulies , and they are actually good guys . And they talk . Also , I would n't consider Ghoulies IV a horror movie or even a horror-comedy like the others in the series . It 's a cop action-comedy with some supernatural elements . I swear , it 's as if director Jim Wynorski had n't seen any of the other entries in the Ghoulies series , because this one is n't like any of the others at all . And speaking of Wynorski , there is n't any nudity in Ghoulies IV . That must have been a first for him . After seeing Ghoulies IV , I can understand why this was the last in the series . The others were so bad they were good . This one 's so bad , it 's ... just okay .
 This is NOT a ghoulies film . There are NO old ghoulies , just new ghoulies . And those ghoulies have NOTHING to do with the story . This could have been an 1 hour movie without the ghoulies . But still , good story .
 When I see mention that this movie is for true fans , it makes me wonder what torment a person should have to endure to be considered worthy of this title . Having been a fan of the prior three ghoulies movies , I did n't think that Ghoulies 4 would rate very much lower on the `` likable '' scale . Perhaps the budget would change and perhaps the caliber of the already lackluster actors would diminish , but the ghoulies would still be there , right ? Wrong ! Instead of giving us those pint-sized hellions we 've grown to love , the movie instead focuses on the misadventures of two treasure-troll type characters -LRB- who , by the way , are as taller than most children -RRB- that bumble around and manage one , count them , one , entertaining scene through the entire movie . Why , god , why?Personally , I did n't care whether the storyline was interesting or not -LRB- and it was n't -RRB- because I wanted those cute little miscreants tearing into people instead of these basically good guy -LRB- yes , basically good guy -RRB- title thieves . What I received from watching this was not an enjoyable experience , but instead was the shaft that managed to devour an hour + of my life .
 In The Spirit Of Screwing Up A Fourth Installment Of A Movie Ghoulies 4 Live 's Right Up To That Do Not Buy It Do Not Rent It If You Can Still Find It To Rent Dont Even Bother With This Movie Just Chill With The Other 3 And Act Like This One Was Never Made !!! It 's Horrible !!
 This movie is not so bad but there is one hug problem.Where are the old Ghoulies from 1,2 , and 3 ? These new ghoulies are plain stupid.If you are a huge fan of the Ghoulies series buy it but if you not a big fan rent it first.I think that the price is not worth it .
 It was entertaining but screamed low budget . I could have handled the horrible werewolf costume and plot but the acting was buy far the worst I have ever seen . Everything else was awesome . The location was original , the gore was good . All that being said I do plan on keeping my DVD and watching it on nights when I get drunk with my friends .
 `` Werewolf Fever '' has one or two mildly amusing moments -LRB- one of which is spoiled by the dvd cover-art -RRB- but the promising simplicity of the premise -- a group of young burger joint employees trapped in the building by a marauding werewolf -- is wasted on pathetic non-actors who seem like they might actually be getting paid minimum wage spouting dialogue so banal that it qualifies as padding , infantile scripting and direction from people who could n't possibly be fans of the genre , and a rubber werewolf that looks like nothing more than very moist road-kill with an attitude . The movie is only 66 minutes long but I found myself fast-forwarding through much of it . This might be a good flick for a film school library as a prime example of a completely worthless attempt at cinema .
 This movie is absolutely rubbish poorly done and very fake . The characters look very cheap and fake looks like filmed from a cheap home camera .
 The film begins with a view of the New York Hospital where a woman lies bandaged in bed . She needs a drink . Then we see her life before as singer Angelica Evans in a nightclub . -LSB- Who is singing ? -RSB- She meets her friend Ken Conway -LRB- his band folded -RRB- . Will her singing career be ended by marriage ? Will a child bring happiness ? Do personal relationships help in show business ? Ken sings the Western songs popular in those days . -LSB- Who is singing ? -RSB- Angie has to go to the hospital and delivers a girl . Ken becomes more popular . Life is beautiful . Success means worrying about income tax . A performer must be prompted to become successful . What was she scared of ? Ken Conway becomes even more popular and successful . -LSB- What need does he fill ? -RSB- They move to Sutton Place on the upper East Side . It overlooks the East River where they can look down on people.Does Angelica begin drinking too much ? Will she have nightmares ? Is there stress ? `` Everything is just great . '' Or is it ? Martha will assist Ken in Chicago . Angel drank too much . Her baby gets sick , a special nurse is needed . Is there a problem in communicating ? The `` bobby-soxers '' love Ken Conway , Is idleness best for rich wives ? Does it cause alcoholism ? Can Angel cure herself ? Should she take more responsibility ? Will she grow suspicious ? Or lose her self-respect ? What next ? An angry drunk ? `` He 's gone , Mrs. Conway . '' She remembers nothing , its all a blank . Will there be a divorce ? Can she resume her career ? Will there e more conflict among those show-business people ? Will Angelica drink too much ? Can anyone save her ? Will they cover up the news ? Will a dropped cigarette cause a tragedy ? Dr. Lorenz provides a diagnostic over their problems , an explanation that cures the problems like a magic spell . All will be well again . Hollywood needs a happy ending for commercial success even if it departs from the past story.This film is a psychological drama about relationships in show business and other groups . How do their problems compare to `` Ma and Pa Kettle '' or other films that deal with ordinary people ? The message of this movie is that some expert can solve problems by just talking about them . That does not always cure the underlying causes of problems . Do such problems occur when a husband becomes more successful in other areas of society ?
 Touted as a female version of The Lost Weekend , this was Susan Hayward 's breakthrough role for which she was nominated for an Academy Award . -LRB- She would n't win until 10 years later with I Want to Live -RRB- . As a nightclub singer who marries and exchanges her career for the bottle , Hayward prefigures her alcoholic Lillian Roth in I 'll Cry Tomorrow , with the same physicality and her being a `` charming '' drunk -LRB- as opposed to a nasty one -RRB- . In her drunk scenes she even uses the facial grimaces that she would go further with in Tomorrow , and she 's willing to make herself look silly , with messy hair . Unfortunately an air of B-movie hangs over this production , and Hayward is yet to have the bullish bravado that would make her such an entertaining actress in the 1950 's . Things are n't helped by her doing her own singing since it is as ill-advised as in I 'll Cry Tomorrow . The B mentailty extends to the character of her also singing husband played by Lee Bowman . Bowman sounds as if his singing his dubbed , his acting is stiff , and when his wife starts drinking he never thinks to ask her why . His only reaction is stern disapproval . His pianist , Eddie Albert is far more sympathetic and `` modern '' in attitude towards Susan . It 's nice to see too that she kept him around for Tomorrow , though I could have done without his habit of chewing gum . The psychology of why Hayward drinks is based on her feelings of low self-esteem . When she marries , she abandons her career to play housewife and mother for Bowman but once he hits it big , and employs household staff and a nanny , Hayward becomes idle . She had drunk before she went on stage to sing but one glass at the most . Here her insecurities about her worth , including a fear that Bowman is being chased by his assistant Marsha Hunt , lead her to drink more . The word `` blame '' is thrown around a lot yet it seems Susan must be threatend by the death of her child in a fire before she is willing to face her problem , with an odd back to the camera admission , that seems to suggest that a sequel may have been contemplated ! In spite of this film running overtime , director Stuart Heisler provides some redemptive touches . A shot of Hayward and Bowman in shadow profile in their first embrace , some sadistic close-ups of the child in pneumatic pain , and a tart conversation between Hayward and Hunt which leads to a much talked of but disappointing catfight that is over before it has begun . Heisler also does n't manage to avoid the cliche of an unseen orchestra supporting a lone singer , particularly noticeable in a radio spot with Bowman and Albert .
 Fat chance if any further -LRB- unlikely -RRB- Maniac Cop sequels are going to be like this . The interest has gone from the series.The plot , such as it as , revolves around that uniformed cadaver Matt Cordell being resurrected once again . He then attempts to bring about the resurrection of the female cop killed in Part 2 , for reasons which never become apparent.Boring and lifeless from beginning to end , new ideas very thin on the ground indeed . Virtualy nothing seems to happen throughout the bulk of the film , and it ends in yet another car chase . Do n't bother with this one . We do n't want the producers thinking it 's popular enough to warrant dragging the series to any further depths with a Part 4 .
 This is my favorite production of the ALICE books . I love the sets , songs , and casting . It 's also very British , which I think adds another great element to the mix.However , skip this DVD edition . I got it , excited to see ALICE 'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND in widescreen and , perhaps a better print than what 's previously been available.No such luck.The DVD appears to be struck from the same crappy VHS version that 's been out there for ages . Faded colors . Pan-and-scan . In this age of DVD , quality like this is such a shame .
 This is a very interesting adaptation of Alice in Wonderland , featuring a plethora of major British actors from the time this movie was made . Note that today 's younger audience , weened on an MTV diet of rapid cuts and incredible CGI , may find this slow . But if one can get beyond that , it 's most definitely worth a watch.That said , this DVD transfer is basically UNWATCHABLE . It 's not clear what source they used for the transfer , but there are TERRIBLE audio pitch problems throughout the movie , with wow and flutter horribly apparent . This is particularly problematic for a movie like this with a significant orchestral and vocal score . If you have any sense of pitch , you 'll find yourself pulling your hair out listening to the off-key strings ! The video quality is pretty horrible , as well -- worse than standard cable . A real travesty .
 I loved this movie as a child so I thought I 'd buy the DVD . I saw one review about the picture quality being prety bad but I went ahead and bought it anyways . I figured a slightly scratchy print would be better than a used video tape with picture rot.I was not prepaired for how wrong I could be.It basicaly looks like they struck this copy from a mutilated 16mm projector print . The print has bad sprocket damage which causes the image to shake on the screen . It seems like they used the bulb from an easy bake oven to project this print . To call the picture muddy would be a compliment . All the life and color has been sucked out of this film . Did I mention that the film was n't even focused . The sound was pretty bad as well but I 'm not much of an audiophile to realy talk about that.Do yourself a favor and look for the VHS version . It ca n't possibly be worse than this copy.Or could it ? : - -LRB-
 So , Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland has been released on DVD . That 's the good news . The bad news is that the print is so bad , I 've got a ten-year old video taped from a TV with a faulty aerial in better shape ! So , only get this if you are desperate -LRB- it is cheap -RRB- and even then think twice and do without it.The company concerned is Platinum Disc Corporation of La Crosse , WI , USA , and may God have mercy on them for having the nerve to put this out for public consumption . It 's pan and scan , unsurprisingly and appears to be region free . Pity the whole thing was n't ! It 's such a shame that it 's not a decent transfer as it 's an excellent film . In fact , I was quite surprised to find so much music not on the original Warner Brothers soundtrack LP.The film itself is still delightful viewing , with Fiona Fullerton giving a very self-assured performance for one so young . And she , at least , is recognisable . I suppose the drawback of employing some top actors and actresses in a film of this nature is that disguised as many are , it could be almost anybody ! But always good to see Peter Bull -LRB- The Dutchess -RRB- and Michael Hordern -LRB- The Mock Turtle -RRB- in any production.So , definitely worth seeing but maybe wait for a better transfer to DVD .
 Like many others , I really enjoy this version of ALICE 'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND and was really looking forward to seeing this again on DVD . However , this DVD release can hardly be called watchable ; in fact , it is n't . It is , without question , the worse video presentation I 've ever encountered ... with the audio not far behind . I thought I was watching someone 's videotape as filmed through a webcam ! It 's THAT bad ! VHS videotapes look much better than this . Not only is the resolution less than standard VHS , the movie appears to have been transferred from a second-generation VHS copy that suffered water damage ; lots of video noise , flashes , uncountable noise artifacts , you name it . It is unfathomable to me that a company could pass this off to the public and actually ask money for it . The movie is good , but this DVD is terrible ! Stay away from the `` Screen Media '' release of this DVD ! **************** JUNE 2010 UPDATEI recently re-purchased this movie through Amazon.co.uk . Though I must warn potential buyers of this new `` Oracle Home Entertainment '' March 2010 release that this version is a Region 2 PAL DVD and will not play in most U.S. DVD players . -LRB- However , there are several work-arounds to overcome this limitation for those who are video savvy . -RRB- The image quality , as well as the sound , are tremendously superior to the old Screen Media release ! Furthermore , the Oracle release is the original 2.35:1 aspect ratio -- not full-screen pan & scan . However -LRB- and to my disappointment -RRB- , this new widescreen release is NOT anamorphic , but rather , 1.33:1 letterbox widescreen . Still , the image quality is so much nicer that even when magnifying the picture to fill a 16x9 television , it 's far , far superior to the Screen Media version and now a real pleasure to watch.If there will ever be an anamorphic widescreen and clean release of this film , I do n't know ... but I 'll continue to hold out hope .
 I should 've known not to order this version . Alice In Wonderla ? The transfer is the worst in my DVD collection . Horrible picture quality -LRB- reminds me of a reel-to-reel projector -RRB- and only slightly better sound . It 's a shame too . I remember this little gem of a musical from my childhood . I was about 6 years old when it came out . For me , Fiona Fullerton became the definative `` Alice '' . She really is wonderful ... with that lilting little voice . In fact , the entire cast stands out . I love every minute of it . I hope this gets re-re-released someday with total restoration in widescreen and dolby-whatever ! I 'll buy it again . In the meantime I 'll watch this version regardless of how crappy it 's presentation . I do think I will avoid any DVDs by Platinum Disc Corp. . Do I smell somebody looking to make a quick buck ? At least I expect the picture quality to be better than a bad EP VHS recording ! I 'd be interested in knowing if the quality of the VHS is better . Anybody?Anyway , DVD gets 1.5 stars ... the movie itself is 4.5 stars -LRB- if you did n't grow up with this sort of thing then avoid this movie at all costs . For me , `` Alice '' is up there with Wizard of Oz and Willy Wonka and The Chocolote Factory -RRB- . By the way , children should love the manic pace . It 's a blast!Another note
 This was my favorite film version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland until I watched this DVD. : -LRB- The music track is especially ruined . Thank goodness I still have the original LP soundtrack .
 I am one of those who bought the movie for the privelege of seeing a young Michael Crawford -LRB- Phantom of the Opera -RRB- running around in a rabbit suit . Once I got it in the VCR , not even that motivation could induce me to sit through the entire movie . None of the actors are memorable , and the general feeling one gets is of boredom and irritation . The movie does follow the book it is based on very closely , making use of special effects to make a live - action `` Alice '' believable , the costumes are remarkable , and Dudley Moore lends a kind of charm to the Dormouse , but the movie loses the magic of the Disney film . This version of the Lewis Carroll classic would be good for `` Alice '' buffs and possibly tolerant children with large attention spans , but it is less than adequate as a form of entertainment during a boring afternoon and hardly does the charming book justice .
 I love Alice , and I love low-budget works full of heart , but this production was so relentlessly mediocre that I just could n't bear to finish it . The songs are lifeless and as poorly paced as the rest of the performance , and the script lacks any spirit ; overall this production adds nothing new to the story , yet fails to convey the charm of the book -LRB- or , for that matter , nearly any other production I 've seen -RRB- . As another reviewer mentioned , the DVD itself is unimpressive - the chapters are , as near as I could tell , either random or simply timed , without regard to content . If this production is a familiar favorite from your childhood , it may be worth something -LRB- unless the DVD transfer is as disappointing as it seemed to me -RRB- ; if you 're looking for something new , look elsewhere .
 This DVD is the worst quality ever ! Looks like someone make a copy of a bad tape ... the colors change and look grainy.Also , despite a lot of good stars , I have to guess they would be embarrassed to look back on this now . The songs are awful and the music is really blah.I like the story and I could barely sit through it .
 I buy every single thing I can find that has Michael Crawford in it and so I bought this . It is pretty bad . I could put up with anything if Michael sang or you could see his face but , alas , that is not the case . I watched it with a child who said , `` This is boring . '' My sentiments exactly .
 I purchased this for my daughter after just having seen Tim Burton 's version . She was very interested in Alice in Wonderland so I thought why not ... The cover of the dvd I have is different and has definitely been updated to reflect the times . I knew it had to an older version as Dudley Moore is dead now but nowhere on the dvd packaging did it say 1972 . If it had I would n't have bought it . Yes , it has a big cast but absolutely no budget , and I agree with the other reviewers , the DVD transfer is HORRIBLE . What a waste of money . That being said , my daughter is watching it but I find it too odd .
 Alice in Wonderland has probably been turned into movies more than any other children 's book . Every decade sees at least one version made for TV and one theatrical production . This version was a made-for-TV musical , and includes a cast full of famous actors and actresses . But this does not help , as the movie falls flat on numerous counts.For a TV special made in the early 1970 's , the set design , visual effects , and costume design are lackluster and needs improvement . For example , Tweedledee and Tweedledum look like they are wearing fat suits . The mushrooms , trees , and other set pieces clearly look like plastic molding . Even the falling leaves in the outdoor scenes fall straight down like they were made of plastic instead of being real leaves that drift to and fro in the air.The acting also needs improvement . The character of Alice looks and talks like an adult woman , which totally defeats the essence of the story . And her acting is so contrived . For example , when she falls down the hole into wonderland , she does not seem worried at all , and instead gives the viewer a commentary of her thoughts and apprehensions . The cheshire cat has no personality , and the mad hatter does not seem any more crazy than anyone else in this movie . All in all , a horrible movie .
 I am in a quandry . I do n't know which is worse - the bad transfer from a poor film or the so-called music . Both suck . The transfer is from a bad copy of a bad quality film . The music is so insipid I can barely call it music . The people who rated this more than 2 stars must have been smoking , shooting , dropping , or snorting something illegal . Or jerks who have no taste whatsoever . This is one for the trash bin , pure and simple . Do NOT waste your time or taste .
 PU . All that talent , a significant budget , a perfect story , and incredible characters can not overcome this utterly wasted effort in bringing Lewis Carroll 's beloved tale to the screen . Disregarding all media issues such as sound and image quality , the slap-dash editing alone is enough to make one nauseated . Do n't waste your time -LRB- even if you 're rotting in prison -RRB- or your money -LRB- even if someone offers to pay you to view it -RRB- on this disaster .
 So I saw this one live action Alice in Wonderland movie and it sucked !!!! But I 'm confused this is n't the same girl in that movie so this another live action movie , I think it is . I 'm not sure if I want to risk boring myself with other crap ... so will I watch this verison ever ... who knows
 I have seen Catherine Deneuve in over fifty films and this collection brings together what must be the worst of her career.In fact , my friends and I watched over half of FORT SAGANNE and she failed to even appear ! In HOTEL DES AMERIQUES she looked , as usual , stunningly attractive but her character was poorly scripted and even cartoonish in LE SAUVAGE . So much for an `` Amazon recommendation '' !
 I have never read the book this documentary was inspired by but the subject matter of a real life town plagued by disaster and insanity near the turn of the last century sure sounded interesting . Unfortunately the movie is quite tedious with long drawn out shots and scenes that are so slow I once had to check the DVD player to see if I had paused it by mistake . I do n't know much about Wisconsin but I can read a map and see that contrary to the impression the filmmakers try to make the weird events reported in this story took place throughout the state often well over a hundred miles from the town of Black River Falls which is the film 's focus . And are the Wisconsin murders , suicides , premature deaths , commitments to `` insane asylums '' etc really even all that unusual for the time period or any time period ? I can remember hearing local stories of equally tragic and unusual proportions from both of my grandmothers who lived their lives in rural Ohio and Maryland . Yet the filmmakers do n't try to draw any conclusions about the universality of the stories but focus instead on perpetuating a viewpoint that the Black Rivers Falls area is cursed -LRB- by the Winnebago Indians perhaps ? -RRB- . The reenactments of the stories reminded me of `` features '' local television news shows often come up with during `` sweeps months '' to boost their ratings . These historic reenactments come complete with spooky sound effects , chilling music and an ominous narrator who speaks in a sinister whisper when reading the circumstances of an inmate at the state 's insane asylum . All of the historic scenes are shot in black and white but there is some color film used that shows modern small town Wisconsin . The portion of the documentary that shows these rather ordinary pleasant people -LRB- some in nursing homes -RRB- seems to be intent in showing the present day folks are as `` unusual '' as their forebears and this portion of the film is both condescending and offensive .
 Based upon authentic yet dry turn of the century -LRB- 1890-1900 -RRB- news reports from Black River Falls , a small town in northern Wisconsin , `` Wisconsin Death Trip '' is a brutally slow , albeit odd trek through the various details of seeming insanity affecting the area . Interwoven with the century-old pictures shot by a professional photographer named Charles Van Schaik , fairly recent video footage is juxtaposed to display advancement and normalcy of today 's Black River Falls . The old photos have a creepy tone considering several are at funerals of dead infants and toddlers , and the rest clearly display the harsh differences between contemporary life and that of folks 100 years ago.It 's probably safe to say that the majority of the unanticipated `` insanity '' was caused by the stressors of ignorance , poor education , religious intolerance , and xenophobia . Some jilted lovers committed suicide - which was considered by at least one judge to be an untreatable condition - while others were committed to the insane asylum , a fix-all , end-all cure for confused physicians of the day . It 's clear that the doctors in the area knew nothing about Circadian cycles , or anything really , considering the number of people who were depressed and/or crazy , and another who was buried on accident . Of course , several conditions were lumped under what was called malignant diphtheria , something that led to the deaths among several children.All of this is enough , but when superstition and religion brought about talk of witches , vexations , devils , Ouija boards , and something called the `` criminal ear '' , it 's understandable that there are problems with young people and to the town elders , just about everything is evil or crazy in some way.With all of that said , there was some generally strange stuff happening during that time . Call it dementia , insanity , delirium , or just plain crazy , it 's hard to explain the fact that during that short period of time there were multiple suicides , a man who tried to get a train to run him over , a man who took a nap and used lit dynamite as a pillow , widespread infidelity , multiple children who murdered relatives and locals with pistol shots , and several brutal murders of infants and toddlers - specifically a woman who drowned her children in a fit of insanity like Andrea Yates.I ca n't say for sure why any of the events happened , and the documentary does n't really go into an explanation , but if the past events and mass murderers Ed Gein and Jeffrey Dahmer are an indication , there 's either something in the water , or living in Wisconsin simply causes insanity . As a Chicago Bears fan , I 'll go with the latter theory .
 This is NOT a story about Black River Falls , as the description indicates . It is a film about stories from around Wisconsin as reported in a paper from Black River Falls , with some hokey footage of modern -LRB- 1990 's -RRB- day Black River Falls.There are very few photographs from the period and the film footage is mostly an attempt at what I can only call `` modern art '' . Cut out about 20 minutes of `` filler '' and this would be a somewhat better film.Basically , it 's a collection of `` strange but true stories '' that have no connection to each other , except they took place around the same period of time and took place somewhere in the state of Wisconsin . And the modern footage makes no positive contribution at all . In fact , if I was from Black River Falls , I would be upset about how the town is portrayed.A complete waste of time and film .
 I expected this piece of work to at least stimulate the thirst for information but it was so dull I could not sit through it . An amateurish director , paid by numerous corporations and public interests from Wisconsin , makes this seem like an important piece of art , well , do not be fooled , this is worse than a student film . Incoherent and useless vignettes , read by a half mumbling Swede -LRB- Ian Holm -RRB- narrate what there is of a `` plot '' . There 's about 140 `` death vignettes '' and they are all boring . `` Mary Jane shot her two year old son and then ate his guts , '' begins one story and it is never mentioned again . Big deal , so people killed themselves , there were no ghosts or supernatural things at work , people were miserable in that day , as they are today but the director does nothing to get us interested , he intercuts the film with contemporary society , showing nothing but white people in small town America , an utter bore . He hired a bunch of immature actors who stage the bits in segments , and they are all filmed in black and white , what a waste of film this was . At 1 hour and 15 mins , this is way TOO long and should be forwarded to the end .
 Lovers of the macabre know all about the horrors birthed of Wisconsin . Exhibit A is Edward Gein , a simpleminded sort of fellow prone to ambling around the small berg of Plainfield wearing a smile and his plaid hunter 's cap . No one thought on Ed much , seeing as how he was a harmless chap always ready to lend a hand when it came to babysitting or helping out around the farm . Sure , his mother Augusta was a bible thumper with a poor opinion of the local ladies , but Ed was a right square guy . Even when a couple of women in the area disappeared , no one thought Gein had anything to do with it . Then the cops checked his farmhouse and found scenes of carnage right out of an Asian horror film . Exhibit B is Jeffrey Dahmer , a simpleminded sort of fellow prone to ambling around Milwaukee between his shifts at a chocolate factory . Jeff 's private activities were , how should we say , peculiar in the extreme . After the police unearthed the soul shattering horrors tucked away in the nooks and crannies of his apartment , most of the man 's fellow residents as well as the rest of the country began wondering why Wisconsin did n't have a capital punishment law on the books.Yes sir , Wisconsin and its two odd ducks make for interesting reading . Potentially interesting viewing , too , if the documentary `` Wisconsin Death Trip '' had done its job . Unfortunately , Gein and Dahmer receive little attention here . Instead , the filmmakers posit that something downright sinister has always been going on in the region , and they promptly set out to prove it by culling late nineteenth and early twentieth century stories from the Black River Falls newspaper . You wo n't find quaint articles about which woman won a blue ribbon for the tastiest pie at the county fair in this movie . Nor will you see chamber of commerce reports lamenting the increasing cost of bacon grease . Nope , the stories these guys dug up consist of the bizarre , the awful , and the heinous . It 's the story of Pauline L'Allemand , a supposed opera singer who moved into the area and lived there until she went insane . There 's also the tale of thirteen year old John Anderson , a fugitive from the law after he went on an enigmatic killing spree . The most memorable figure in `` Wisconsin Death Trip '' is Mary Sweeney , a woman addicted to narcotics who went on window breaking excursions in the area for years . Murders , self-immolations , hangings , abandoned children , and a diphtheria epidemic find a place here too.The documentary , sad to say , is about as interesting as watching the paint dry on your grandfather 's Model T. Nearly all of the stories come to us through black and white reenactments coupled with a `` spooky '' voiceover that seems to scream `` This stuff is scary ! '' Problem is most of the news articles in the movie are n't that scary ; they are , in fact , fairly common for periodicals of this time . As someone who has spent a fair amount of time digging through old newspapers in order to do research , I can attest to the fact that lots of strange things happened in America , and not just rural America , back in the day . A diphtheria epidemic in the late nineteenth or early twentieth century , you say ? This is n't surprising at all in a time before modern medical techniques and improved sanitation rendered many afflictions scarce to nonexistent . As I watched `` Wisconsin Death Trip , '' I began to think this was a film made for the consumption of cosmopolitan audiences who could look at the events onscreen as confirmation of their worst fears regarding those evil , Sinclair Lewis type provincials . Even worse , the filmmakers try to tie all of the events to one specific region when it 's obvious from the voiceover that said occurrences took place all over Wisconsin . `` Wisconsin Death Trip '' even tries to tie the weirdness of yesteryear into strange goings on in the Black River Falls of today , but that largely fails as well . The police found a body out in the woods ? Well , the police seem to find bodies out in the woods quite frequently all over the country . Law enforcement officials also discover them in houses , cars , rivers , hospital beds , streets , and every other place human beings frequent on a day to day basis . The events discussed in `` Wisconsin Death Trip '' seem strange only if you 've been living in cryogenic stasis for your entire life -- which , I hear , resembles in no small way the experience of residing in Manhattan . The filmmakers could have done a better job had they simply rehashed the Gein and Dahmer cases , which would easily provide enough weirdness for several documentaries with a lot of strangeness left over for more . The DVD version contains a commentary track , deleted scenes , and a making of featurette showing us all of the people who worked on the reenactments . Yawn . I recommend almost any horror film or true crime book over this documentary . You 'll thank me in the morning .
 I want people to know that this is a very inaccurate portrayal of one small town in Wisconsin . Very few of the things in this film actually happened in Black River Falls . Most of them happened throughout the state and happened over a very long time period of over 50 years . This kind of schlock gives communities unwarranted reputations . Besides being inaccurate it is also just plain badly filmed . The whispering during the asylum scenes -LRB- which was not located in or very near to Black River Falls -RRB- as especially annoying .
 I thought that this `` documentary '' sounded great . It 's not . Private photos of children 's dead bodies , poorly reenacted suicides , and a dry narrator reading old healdlines , made this awful for me . Very broad definiations of insanity , alcholism , and no antibodics is the story here . Which could have been spun in a good but still interesting way , like look how far we 've come , instead of taking a small town 's troubles and trying to make an X-file like documentery . Bad ...
 I was hoping for an interesting and professionally-done documentary of the German invasion of the Soviet Union . While this episode attempts to do that and be that , it is greatly diminished by very poor narration . The narrator constantly mispronounces words -LRB- evidently his vocabulary is more limited than most 8th graders -RRB- and has a dull , wooden narration style that detracts hugely from what could have been an interesting documentary.Go with The World At War and pass this one by . RJB .
 I love this movie i could n't wait to get it and i was so disappointed the sound is horrible ,
 I am so dissapointed in the quality of this dvd . It is very expensive and the only refund I can get is half . The colors are fuzzy , the audio is not clear in some places and there is one scene where the face of Delilah is not clear , but dirty looking because the smoke in the scene is too dark . I remember a movie with beautiful color and sound and music . I am just sick I wasted my money . Sorry for the bad review , but this is the truth .
 One of the great classics . Unfortunately , this import print is horrible . Washed out colors . You need to be really desperate to own this one .
 I 've purchased two separate versions of this film on DVD . Both are taken from the same beautiful print from which the -LRB- superior -RRB- laserdisc was struck , yet these copies are not of the same quality . The image is soft , the colors on both are dull , and both copies I was able to locate are Korean imports -LRB- the subtitles can be turned off -RRB- . Too bad `` Samson and Delilah '' is n't available restored . Maybe the new version of `` Ten Commandments '' on Blu-ray will trigger renewed interest in this film.This review is ONLY for the DVD versions currently available , not for the film , which merits a solid four stars . DeMille 's epic is a florid , entertaining , colorful and robust retelling of the story from the book of Judges , with great work from Hedy Lamarr , George Sanders , and even Victor Mature . But for now , the DVD pressings of this terrific film are substandard . If and when `` Samson and Delilah '' is restored and cleaned up for DVD I 'll amend this review , but fans of the movie looking for a sharp , clear and vivid print should beware of these murky , third-generation editions.Regards.R . Gorey
 This two star is not for the movie but for the poor import dvds it has been released on . Why has n't this wonderful film been released by Hollywood ??? It has everything needed for a DVD or even a BLURAY . Paramount Studios , Cecil B DeMille , Technicolor , Victor Mature , Hedy Lamar , one of Paramounts biggest moneymakers ever ????? Why no release ? Does anybody know ? Can we contact Paramount to at least find out ??
 This review is for the Chinese/Taiwan/Hong Kong import . One of the worse print I 've seen . The colors are washed out . Blurry picture , pixelated and freezes thruout the movie . Wish Hollywood would remaster this great classic . Unless you 're desperate to see this movie no matter what , I say wait to get the real thing , or you 'll be disappointed as I am .
 more along the lines of Topper . But it was really sort of depressing . The characters learn things about their lives they would never have known otherwise . Ca n't say that worth watching though .
 Save your money and give this one a miss . Unlike `` Dead Like Me '' , Shades has no humor , no action . A good DVD to use as a sleep aid .
 I eagerly awaited `` Rory O'Shea was Here '' I had hope for it despite the bad reviews I had read in the press . I distrusted the review because the reviewer made the assertion that `` Rory would approve of calling these characters ` gimps . ' The reviewer makes this claim after using the word . Rory may well have approved , but as a fictional character he can obviously not be asked . Speaking as a person with cerebral palsy I for one do not approve any more than a black man would `` approve '' of a white man using the `` N '' word . As such I disregarded the review in its entirety suspecting that the author did n't know anything about the disability experience.I did n't get to see `` Rory O'Shea '' during its treatrical run , it was in and out in less than a week , and deservedly so . My first question is why ca n't we ever get a character with CP who does not have speech difficulty ? I know we 're in the minority of a minority , but we do exist!Second , what 's with the shower scenes ? If memory serves , there were three and only one with a discernable `` purpose . '' What were the others meant to illustrate ? That people with disabilities do indeed bathe?Third , `` Rory O'Shea '' steps right into a trap seen countless times before , his friend/assistant calls him an `` arsehole '' and he deserved it and had the screenwriter left it at that it would have been a rare bit of insight . But no , the screenwriter had to phrase it in the obligatory way , `` You know what a disability is ? You 're an arsehole . `` One thing `` Rory O'Shea '' gets dead-on perfect is the caregiver interview scene , it earns its second-star on that alone.One cliche I wish `` Rory O'Shea WOULD have used is the good ol' `` georgious girl has a change of heart and comes back to the man she rejected '' just in the name of equal opportunityLastly , my biggest gripe about Rory O'Shea himself is that he is so unrelentingly obnoxious from beginning to end . I predict that although Rory O'Shea is indeed here , a good number of viewers will wish he was n't ...
 I 'm surprised that the ratings for this movie were so high and think they result mainly from the subject matter and the audience feeling sorry for the two main characters . Though it had its moments , to me it was more like the cheesy , low-budget after school specials I remember as a kid , and it lacked originality and believability . What 's more , it had a predictable ending . Stevenson Robertson did a convincing job , but his overdone and overly loud voice grated on my nerves as did the way that his friend interpreted everything he said . Yet in some important scenes , the actors ' voices could barely be heard , such as the scene where the doctor is talking to Robertson near the end about his friend 's condition . I had to replay that section several times but still could n't hear all she said .
 In a few short Min 's of watching this TRASH it made sick , other than 1 kid who at least seems to be trying to act like he has a disability by `` Moaning `` the other kids to Me seem more like they are just making fun of ppl - w - disabilities & that makes me Very Up-set , I worked at group home - w - ppl who did suffer awful conditions & to me this movie is mocking them & I do n't find that funny at all but plenty of young kids I bet would find disabled ppl funny even Sadder IMO & they should go volunteer , spend time - w - them & there family 's & re-think what they think is Funny , I 'm glad I did n't waste Money on this garbage , more hurtful than funny .
 If this film were a supermarket , someone would be on the loudspeaker calling for cleanup on every freakin ' aisle . The only thing necessary for this utter mess of a movie is a complete re-write and re-casting . Do n't count on Lance Henriksen to save the day here ; having recently accumulated a string of bad movies notches in his acting belt , Henriksen is no longer capable of carrying a weak film solely on his own shoulders . Indeed , with parts such as this one , I believe that Henriksen is becoming a caricature of his former self , and that poses quite a problem for a plot-challenged movie filled with bad actors.It 's obvious from the start that Necessary Evil does n't have a lot going for it . For one thing , the movie opens with an extended narrative voiceover , -LRB- which is pretty much a cinematic neon sign flashing the words `` Bad movie ahead '' -RRB- . Then , before we even get to the opening credits -LRB- which appear to have been made using an old Commodore 64 -RRB- , we see that a band of mercenaries making their way to a mysterious and dangerous artifact have brought a stripper along with them . I 'm sorry - what ? Was the writer of this garbage on drugs ? I wo n't reveal what this archaeological discovery consists of , but it forms an integral part of one mad scientist 's plan to achieve immortality . Dr. Neal Fibrian -LRB- Henriksen -RRB- runs a huge psychiatric hospital by day , but all he really cares about is getting his drug Reficul -LRB- which he has tested extensively on his patients -RRB- on the market . Working in cahoots with a large pharmaceutical company , he 's finally managed to get the drug approved by the corrupt FDA . -LRB- What does the marketing of this drug have to do with his own immortality , you ask ? If the writer knows , he sure is n't telling . -RRB- Anyway , only two things stand in the way of this stupid master plan
 With the exception of Lance Henriksen 's stellar performance , this was a total yawner ! What a waste of time . The writer of this inept loser must have been on drugs ... and not the legal kind . I could have done better with a few glasses of wine -LRB- legal stuff -RRB- LOL ! The cover of this DVD has nothing to do with the movie ... none whatsoever . It should have been a 30-minute short story . There 's no horror ... no thrills ... horrible acting -LRB- except for Lance -RRB- ... and no special effects ... in fact ... NOTHING special . AVOID !
 POOR LANCE HENRIKSEN . . ONCE CONSIDERED A TOP NOTCH ACTOR , HE FINDS HIMSELF ONCE AGAIN IN A REAL LOSER . A PLOT WITH MORE HOLES THAN SWISS CHEESE , A LEADING ACTRESS WITH LITTLE TALENT , HORRIBLE FX . . IT 'S NOT EVEN CHEESY . . IT 'S JUST BAD . I LIKE CAMPY BAD B MOVIES , BUT THIS ONE STINKS .
 When I purchased this `` restored '' print on Blu-Ray , I took it for granted that Paramount had finally deigned to present this knockout Western in its anamorphic splendor . Well , surprise , surprise , when the DVD Copywright Warnings come on , they 're in German ! . Then the Main Menu comes on and you have to go to Set-UP and select English , or the default track you 'll hear is in the German Language ! Then the movie comes on and there 's a scratch running down screen right during the Paramount Studio Logo and the VistaVision logo is completely missing ! Then for the clincher
 Was looking forward to this for some time and hoped there would be SOMEthing to enjoy , but my worst fears have been realized . A washed-out print with what looks like video credits - in French ; just hit play and you 'll get a German soundtrack - has a hard-to-navigate menu which makes it difficult to find the English soundtrack . Trying to watch this on a 110 '' screen was impossible , in all respects . What . A. Disappointment . Where does the line form for refunds ?
 Unfortunately I did not have a chance to check out other customer comments concerning this DVD . So , for those who do check first ... be WARNED . This is the worst DVD I have experienced to date . The quality is similar to an EP recorded video tape . The sound is terrible , and to be honest I had to shut my unit off after enduring only the first 5 minutes of the movie . Too bad , for the original VistaVision , Technicolor print was a gem when I ran it in the theatre . I 'm disappointed in Amazon , for allowing such a slimy Company to sell their obvious duped product , on their web site . I have learned my lesson , and will not buy another -LRB- BARGAIN DVD -RRB- from an unknown company .
 My first DVD ripoff . I would n't think Amazon would even carry ... like this . And one of the great American classics , too !
 Just popped this Blu Ray into my player and the movie is in German . It looks like the titles are in French ! The quality is very poor . This film was directed by Marlon Brando and I 'm pretty sure he did n't make it in German with French titles ! I have returned the Blu-Ray for refund . Glad that Amazon had pulled this product !
 This Blu ray edition is just plain criminal.Someone should go to jail for issuing this.It 's worse than an old VHS tape that was left in the back window of a car for nine months and then unraveled by a three year old . `` forget about it . ''
 Such a great movie but such a poor Blu-ray image . No closed captions , only stereo sound and with poor vocals . Pastel colors . Picture about like a standard DVD . Apparently a foreign transfer .
 I only have myself to blame , as there have been several negative reviews on other sites that I should have read before ordering . This could be the shoddiest transfer to Blu-ray that exists ! Color is washed out and just plain ugly . It 's an improvement over the DVD I bought years ago for $ 4.00 , but that 's like comparing dog crap to a road apple . Avoid avoid , avoid !!! -LRB- At least wait for a BIG price drop . -RRB-
 Nothing equals the dereliction of those who transferred this masterpiece into a monstrosity . Audio cacophony is coupled with video distortion . Even my dog raised his leg over this DVD to show his disdain . Caveat emptor ! This DVD deserves a ZERO !
 The picture quality is much worse than my copy of this movie on regular DVD . Also , I ca n't get it out of the German language on audio . BIG disapointment !
 I watched this movie 20 years later after the original release -LRB- 1961 -RRB- at a small town . I 'm lucky that I had a chance to watch it in the cinema then . Now I got three DVD versions , i.e. from Vina , Digiview and the last one from D3k . I bought the D3k release from Amazon Marketplace -LRB- used item with very good condition -LRB- as claimed by the seller -RRB- from gohastings -LRB- Hastings Entertainment -RRB- thru third party -LRB- I ca n't buy it directly -RRB- and contrarily I got the very bad DVD condition
 Dear Fellow Viewers : I intend to buy the Alpha offering of DVD One Eyed Jacks but do n't know if the quality is good . I have read the DVD reviews with conflicting comments from good to bad . Since there are three versions being sold out there , I just want to know if the Alpha product is the good one being emulated or the bad one being lambasted .
 This is one of those movies put out by a company that bought the rights but did not restore it . Honestly , it looks worse than a version that you could record off of the television . I would not recommend buying this movie until it is released in a remastered version by Paramount . It is not worth the money . `` One Eyed Jacks '' was and still is one of my favorite all time movies , but after seeing this copy I returned it to the store because of the poor quality .
 Shame on the makers of this blue ray DVD . Why would they dare release a lousy copy of this excellent Western
 This supposed Blu-Ray disc of One-Eyed Jacks is nowhere near as good as my VHS version in EP . It is a joke . Amazon should remove this junk from its normal excellent selection . I 'd prefer watching a full screen version on tv with commercials to this travesty .
 I did n't think it would be possible to destroy a movie I so thoroughly enjoy . The soundtrack was so full of unbearable high pitched noise I had to struggle to watch the film . The reason this film is so exceptional is the beautiful panoramic shots of the Monterey area , but all of that was cut out . This DVD was many notches lower quality than any other version I have seen . Do not buy this !! What a shame to destroy such a grand western ...
 Ca n't say enough about this movie . It is a favorite of mine . Brando 's portrayal of the old western gunfighter is classic . This transfer on DVD is the worst I have ever seen . You dont buy a DVD player to watch movies like this . Better transfers are out there . Cable has aired crystal clear versions of this film in letterbox format , another weakness of this rendition . The video store was kind enough to refund my money . Buyers beware , if you have n't already you will soon discover not all DVDs are created equal . You may think 10 bucks is a steal for a DVD movie only to find when you get home the video tape is much better . I am still waiting for the definative DVD rendition of this film from Paramount .
 The picture quality on the Entertainment One `` Blu Ray '' disc is awful . Do n't waste your money on it . To date , the best image quality for ONE EYED JACKS remains the Tgg Direct DVD released in 2003 .
 OEJ is my favorite western.I think it is one of the best ever made ... so when I heard it was coming in Blu Ray , I preordered a copy from Amazon , and could hardly wait to get it.I got it , and played Blue Ray OEJ that night.The transfer is a little better than TV , which makes for a transfer from hell.It looks to have some kind of 1080 seive over a previously bad transfer , the only digital remastering I saw was no remastering at all , the closer you get to the screen the blurrier the images get.This transfer is almost without color.The sound is OK.I do n't really know how to describe the horrid opening titles -LRB- german i think -RRB- . OEJ should be a Criterion project if ever there was a Criterion project or what about Coppola , Speilberg , and Scorsese , who loved and were affected by OEJ.I 'm surprised one of them has not took on OEJ as a restoration project.Last but not least what happened to the director 's cut which IS out there , I watched it while I was stationed in Vietnam at our outdoor theater -LRB- circa 1969 -RRB- .
 Do n't get me wrong , One Eyed Jacks is a great film , but do n't even consider buying this DVD . The transfer looks washed out , as if it had been done from a 15 year old betamax copy . The sound echoes badly from beginning to end and worst of all the picture breaks up completely about two thirds of the way through the film . Even though it 's not a lot of $ 's I beg of you do n't buy this DVD .
 This is an awful product . The quality of the movie/image is very bad , like an illegal copy of a DVD copied million times and almost destroyed . The image is n't sharp at all and the colors are very bad quality , very watery . The cover of the box does n't contain any traditional information about the movie aside from a very short synopsis ; it lack absolutely any information about the director , names of the actors , year of production , etc. . This is an awful , bootleg-quality like product , and I would never buy it had i known it earlier.Regards , Sylvia Stachnik
 The master source for the Blu-RAy is the same old crappy picture quality that 's been put on the DVD for years . . Maybe One Eyed Jacks will be honestly re-mastered properly someday . Amazon was nice enough to send a return label .
 The qualility of this `` Blu-ray '' is not acceptable . It is awful . This is n't a review about the movie which is what Amazon wants . Amazon does n't want a review that says the qualility is unacceptable . Do n't buy . `` Remastered '' is a misrepresentation and Amazon should return all buyers funds .
 First i have to say , i like this movie very much and i was so glad to hear it comes in the blu ray format.saying shortly , its horrible , catastrophal , just terrible.Picture its like an old vhs tape twenty years old and whats totaly wrong isthey wrote the sound is dts hd master 2.0 . Forget it its a simple stereo no nothing Hd Master Audio.the movie itself earns a 4 star but this blu ray just a half star .
 The movie had it all and then some . Very interesting . My one big complaint is the very poor video quality . Do n't know why but I would not recomend this version of the movie .
 THE WORST video transfer I have ever bought ! It is NOT in widescreen as some other reviewers have suggested and it is NOT in Dolby Stereo . This DVD also wins the award for the worst packaging and extras features
 Love this movie , truly the transition Western between stagey Hollywood productions and the more realistic 60 's Westerns be they American or Spaghetti . ONE-EYED JACKS is as stylish as it is exciting and Brando 's performance and direction is top-notch despite some critics ' claims of egotistic self-indulgence and an inflated budget and shooting schedule . Karl Malden should have won an Oscar and Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens shine in supporting roles . A very rewarding viewing experience . And I just finished watching it now.Bad Blue-Ray ? Full Frame ? Sick and tired of this film looking like crap . Feel like Ben Johnson complaining , '' Get that stinkin ' fish outta here . '' ? The dvd I just watched was the DIGIVIEW slim case version , the one with Brando 's face in the top corner , with below him Malden and Pellicer and then a group of 5 ruales . It was wide-screened with exceptional color and sound . You 'd really have to be nit-picking to hate this version . I enjoyed it very much and can recommend it to all . At least give it a try . You 've got little to lose as it 's readily available from many Amazon sellers for almost next to nothing.Until a major studio release gives this film the CRITERION treatment it deserves , I 'm very pleased with this DIGIVIEW version . It 's the best I 've seen , and believe me , I 've seen a lot of rotten copies of this Western classic .
 the picture quality is the worst i ever seen !!! and the sound is even worser !!!
 The reviewer `` B. King '' cites this version as `` letterboxed '' and the reviewer `` Michael C. Glancy '' says that it is widescreen . I ordered just this version , with just this cover picture , and it is NOT widescreen . Right on the back cover it states `` Standard Full Frame . '' I did not punch open the cellophane to verify , in order to be able to return the item , and I suppose it is astronomically possible that the item was mislabeled , but I doubt it . The cover boasts that it is `` Digitally Remastered , '' and it may indeed be a better transfer than the other versions , but I shall have to forage further for the widescreen . Meanwhile , dear browser , be advised that your humble servant went to the trouble of ordering this item based on the testimony of the two gentlemen cited , and it arrived with `` Full Frame '' blazoned on the back cover .
 I CA N'T REMEMBER THE LAST TIME I SAW A MOVIE WITH SO MANY GLOWING REVIEWS THAT TURNED OUT TO BE SO DREADFULLY DULL . BRANDO DESERVES PROPS FOR HIS AMBITION . CLEARLY , HE WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A FILM OF EPIC PROPORTIONS . UNFORTUNATELY THE FILM IS SLOW AND THE SCRIPT FORGETTABLE.AND IT 'S HARD TO FEEL ANY SYMPATHY OR HATRED TOWARDS BRANDO 'S QUIET `` RIO '' . ONLY CLINT EASTWOOD & CHARLES BRONSON IN SERGIO LEONES `` SPAGHETTI WESTERNS '' COULD GET AWAY WITH SAYING SO LITTLE IN SUCH A LONG FILM . ALSO , CONTRARY TO WHAT MOST OF THE REVIEWS SAID , THE MOVIE ITSELF BREAKS ONLY A FEW MOLDS THAT WERE TYPICAL OF WESTERN MOVIES . IF YOU WANT TO SEE AN EPIC MOVIE THAT TURNS WESTERN CLICHES ON THEIR HEAD THEN YOU 'VE GOT TO SEE `` THE GOOD , THE BAD , AND THE UGLY '' AND `` ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST '' . PREFERABLY IN LETTER-BOX EDITION WHICH TAKES ADVANTAGE OF THE 70mm PANORAMIC CAMERA EMPLOYED TO FULL EFFECT . SOMETHING BRANDO AT THAT TIME CLEARLY COULD N'T DO OR APPRECIATE AS AN ACTOR/DIRECTOR . I 'LL TAKE ACTOR/DIRECTOR KEVIN COSTNER 'S BEAUTIFULLY FILMED `` DANCES WITH WOLVES '' OVER THIS ANY DAY .
 I agree the transfer is awful , no excuses for this . However , to watch this great classic try the Blu-Ray copy . Like so many of you ; love the movie , hate this DVD .
 I remeber the original and it was black and white , the color waspoor and the sound track , especially the dialog was very spotty.Ididn ' t realize this was colored over .
 I was hoping against hope that this BR release would show the 16x9 widescreen with black bars in true BR format . Alas , it turns out to be a German vendor rip of a French dvd copy . The quality is poor , certainly does not display BR standard imagery . Again Amazon has failed to screen the product for an accurate assessment of what the customer is buying . This happened to Amazon 's offer of `` The Warlord '' with Charlton Heston and now this . The rush by some vendors to put a BR label on an old DVD copy is dishonest , and Amazon should take better care to protect its customers from faulty products or dishonest claims from vendors .
 The movie you sent me was in German . So I had to throw it away , and lost my purchase money . Someone screwed up right ?
 I 've been waithing a long time for this movie to be released in a better form . I got my copy today and I was totally disapointed . It 's not any better than all the other junk out there . And NO subtitles . If I had known that I would have never purchased it .
 This video looks as if they recorded it off of a TV . I have Night of the Living Dead by Madacy and it looks about the same . DVD.Express would be well advised to take the Hollywood Classics collection out of the company inventory . I guess you get what you pay for .
 DVD much worse than VHS version . One great western that should be terrific on DVD . This copy is horrible .
 This movie itself is an good movie however I ordered this movie in DEC. and it 's now APR and it still was not sent , I do n't know what the hell is up with amazon but I would never order another old film from them ever since they seem to never get them in stock anyways.Peeved off
 The print on this dvd could n't be any worse than it is.From the beginning the whole thing is so blurry and made worse by not showing it in the wide screen format as it was filmed but on a bad full screen version.Even the print on the dvd case is hard to read I tried using a magnifying glass to no avail.I would n't buy any other dvd from `` Synergy '' as I do n't want to waste my money as I could n't even continue watching the movie and threw it in the garbage can where it belongs.G . Gonzalez
 My review is of the St.Clair Vision DVD . My copy is a turkey ; better yet a jackass . Keys segments of the film are missing . I know cause I 've seen it a few times before on a bargain basement DVD version that I lost . Based on my experience you 'd be a lune to buy the St Clair version . I trust Amazon will do the right thing so I do n't have to make a Federale case of this . The film is great , this purchase a no eyed Jack .
 One of the great westerns of all time has been butchered in this DVD form which looks and sounds like a 3rd generation knock-off . Apparently , Paramount no longer has the rights or the interest in saving this gem . Warn your customers and have them find the wide-screen laser-disk .
 I implore you not to buy this DVD . This is a classic western brilliantly acted and directed by Marlon Brando . However , this is the worst transfer to DVD I have ever seen . There is a constant high-pitched hiss and horrible video quality throughout the film . I have seen a beautiful letterbox print of this film on the Amercian Movie Classics channel . Save your money until a better transfer is released .
 Absolutely the WORST display of 1080p/DTS-HD Master Audio I 've ever experienced ! Truly a wonderful movie that was haphazardly transferred to HD , & from Germany no less !!! Such a crime ... I hope this one will have a better restoration in the future ... for all those who appreciate this fine motion picture !
 I have purchased more than one DVD of this fine movie ; however , each DVD has had terrible picture quality , as confirmed by a couple of other people . I wish other reviewers would also write something about the quality of the disk .
 I 'm afraid I have to second the comments made by the previous reviewer . This is a classic film ruined by a disasterous transfer to DVD.For the version I saw , the picture broke up about 5 minutes into the film .
 As many reviewers have noted , the video quality is terrible in many editions . I have only experienced the Madacy edition -- that 's the one where the cover has the original poster , surrounded by a white outline and the actors ' names below -- and it 's terrible . I will be sticking with my laser disk until -LRB- or if -RRB- Paramount releases a studio version . My two star rating is therefore an average of a `` zero '' for the technical quality of the Madacy DVD and a `` four '' for the movie itself -LRB- which features some of the most memorable dialog ever in a western , which I understand was in no small part due to Ben Johnson -- Brando would ask him , `` Ben , what 's a better way to say that ? '' and Johnson would come up with some wonderfully colorful expression like `` I hear there 's dirt between ya '' or `` Do n't be doin ' her like that '' -RRB- . So pray for a studio edition , as this movie certainly deserves first class treatement .
 I agree with all the reviews and want to add that the audio is also distorted . I bought OEJ on laser disc which was a Paramount production . Even though LD video is analogue 480i it has better audio and video than the other DVD productions I have seen . The main advantage this Blu-ray disc has over the LD is the video formatting to accommodate wide screen TVs.Considering the price , perhaps this release will serve as a stop-gap measure until some outfit with more money and tech . capabilities releases a properly restored version of this last VistaVision film . This film begs for extra features considering all the difficulties incurred with the production.The titles and other info . scripts on this release are in French and there are no sub-titles on the disc . The audio track includes a German dubbed version . On the menu I had a problem with switching between the English original and German dubbing . I had to use the audio button on my remote to do the switching . I use an Oppo BDP 93 and doubt if it is the fault of the player .
 I already own a DVD of this movie but ordered a Blu-Ray copy thinking that it will be a lot better product since it is remastered . It is not any better . It seems like it was produced out of the U.S. , possibly Germany . The credits are in German , except for the names of course . The problem is in trying to navigate the menu to go to the English language version . The cursor just will not go where it needs to go . Unless my DVD player or remote is defective -LRB- I do n't think so -RRB- , the movie will start in German captioned in English . The set-up process left me frustrated I consider the item a rip-off .
 W A F J . Grab a VHS copy and smear Vaseline on your screen to replicate the effect of this Blu Ray
 I rented this movie because , well , uh ... I have no idea why I rented this movie but I 'm glad I did because Jaime Bergman is one of the most breathtakingly beautiful women I 've ever seen in my life . I actually made a `` Oh ! '' sound when she came onscreen . I have n't done that since the Nazi girl in ED GEIN . Sadly , Jaime did not get naked . How rude.Angel Boris , the other female lead , does get naked for about a minute and while she 's nowhere near as hot as Jaime I 'm still grateful . Thank you . Also at the very beginning of the movie there is a very good looking waitress.Oh yea there 's also some snakes . The CGI reptiles are pretty bad , but first time director David Flores manages to pull it off and make this film kinda fun thanks to a good sense of humor and some interesting characters including a reporter who blames all of the destruction on Al Queda ; a group of gung-ho hunters who kill a rabbit with a hand grenade and a cop who gets excited , slips and falls face first into a pile of guts . `` I think you have a piece of liver on your face . `` Worth watching as long as you remember not to expect too much from a movie called BOA VS. PYTHON .
 JAPEREZ SAN DIEGO , TEXAS . WHEN I FIRST SAW THIS MOVIE I DID N'T LIKE IT . BOA AND PYTHON ONLY FOUGHT FOR THR LAST 10 MINUTES.THIS MOVIE SUCKED . THERE WAS NOTHING INTERESTING ABOUT IT . -LRB- DONT BUY THIS MOVIE . -RRB-
 I 'd like to think that someone got fired over this movie . The really amazing thing about Boa vs. Python is that it got made at all . Then , after it got made , it aired on the Sci-Fi Channel . Now , we all know that the Sci-Fi Channel is not exactly known for excellence in programming , but this is an all time low.The fact that someone pitched Boa vs. Python as a concept , and someone else said , `` Yeah ! Great ! '' is just plain frightening . I almost ca n't blame the writer , the director , the actors , or the terrible CGFX team.They did what they had to do . The worst thing about Boa vs. Python is that it came into existence at all . 2 out of 10 stars . One for the python , one for the boa .
 My 9 year old son picked this out from the video store and begged me to rent it . I kept my finger on the `` off '' buttom due to the R rating but I never had to use it . The movie was way too stupid to be offensive . I really do n't understand why the producer did n't shade the few nude scenes and tone down the four letter words . He should have aimed for a PG rating because preteen boys seem to be the target audience for something this juvenile .
 If your looking for another fake expensive science fiction movie with bad actors and good special effects about a monster/monsters who destroy the city of Philadelphia -LRB- like in `` Python '' & the 1998 version of `` Godzilla '' -RRB- then this is n't really your movie . So do n't be fooled by the picture on the front cover of this movie . I can tell you right now that the only time you see the giant Reticulicated Python -LRB- dark snake on cover -RRB- & Scarlet Queen Boa -LRB- red snake on cover -RRB- ever fight is at the very end of the movie . The rest of the time all the giant snakes ever really do is mostly slither and eat some people . Also do not be fooled by the helicopter shooting a missal at the snakes . That never happens in the movie , in fact when I saw the movie no air craft even got close to the snakes and there were no helicopters in the movie.But all in all I 'd honestly say this movie was worth the $ 6 I payed for it at the Mansfield Covered Bridge festival . And I do n't even really know why I 'm saying this . And all in all it was n't the worst movie about giant snakes I 've ever seen -LRB- Anacondas was far worst -RRB- . So here 's how I would grade the movie-Actors-C-Monsters-A -- Plot-B-Special effects-C -
 The little plot of some rich smug millionaire who has a huge Python brought back to the USA to hunt for a selected group of clientele escapes it 's holding cell on the back of a rig and the government hire Stargate
 I 've noticed my reviews are , for the most part , either 1 or 5 star reviews . Once again , I have encountered a product that can not logically be given anything higher than 1 star . I rented Boa vs. Python expecting to witness the most juvenile and sophomoric movie ever . What I witnessed was the most juvenile and sophomoric movie ever , and it was n't even fun to watch in some prehistoric level of my brain . It was painful and damaging , like trudging through infected syringes.Okay , this is a total B movie . Plot holes are expected . -LRB- Like someone half-way opening the cage that 's holding a giant snake to tranquilize it with a tiny pistol . Who could have ever expected a snakes ' tail to fit through an enormous opening ? -RRB- Bad special effects are expected . -LRB- The snakes seem to glow in dark , subterranean environments . Excellent . -RRB- Archetypical characters are expected . -LRB- Silent Indian guy with arrows ? Check . Rambo guy with a flamethrower ? Check . Nondescript female lead ? Check . -RRB- ... But this movie is a grand new level of DIRKA DIRKA . This is a film that promises two giant snakes fighting in a city , with exploding helicopters ; as proudly displayed on the cover . What we have is a movie featuring a girl getting orally pleasured by a giant snake , a snake that later fights another giant snake in some dark tunnel for less than a minute . What the hell is this ? It 's not funny or the least bit entertaining . Recommended if you want to see how low the bar can go . - Thus says the Pellington
 this film was pretty lousy and boring . some big game hunter guy or something has this guy gets one of the snakes the python and is going 2 release it somewhere so he can hunt it . but of course them snake gets loose . wat a surprise . so he finds out it got away and he and some other people go hunting it . then their is another group of people trying to catch it as well and kill it . one of the other persons has a 100 foot boa at his little aquaium or something and they let it go to try and catch the python . but the boa starts mating with the python and they become friends and start eating all the people . but the start to fight each other when the python eats 1 of the eggs . there was 1 good thing though , the blond was very interesting to look at and thts rely the only reason i stuck around to watch this movie . this movie rely had no plot and bad acting and horrible cgi effects . dont waist ur time watching this movie .
 Steve Oedekerk 's -LRB- he was responsible for the Ace Ventura movies -RRB- name will never be associated with subtlety or wit but still the idea of this goofy guy in the middle of an old Hong Kong action film sounded promising . I was thinking that something wonderfully goofy like Young Frankenstein or The Life of Brian or maybe like What 's up , Tiger Lilly -LRB- which is the film this oddity most resembles -RRB- would result . Unfortunately , despite some amazing technical work that is worth seeing , the viewer is left seeing a promising comic idea whither and die an excruciating death.There is some good here . Steve Oedekerk obviously spent a lot of time getting fit and learning to move well . He sometimes has something close to grace in some of his comic pratfalls . It 's also obvious , from the director 's commentary , that he has a lot of affection for and knowledge about this genre . This shows in the amazing way that Mr. Oedekerk is inserted into the old scenes and the way he matches them with new footage almost seamlessly . The old film footage looks wonderful and must have required a monstrous effort to restore to this level.Unfortunately all this good work is also undone by Oedekerk who sabotages it relentlessly . One of his first errors is being the voice for almost every single character on screen . This is funny for the old master of the temple but works horribly for the female romantic lead -LRB- he often has her squealing in a high pitched pig voice -RRB- . It also becomes monotonous because the voices often sound like the same person with a limited vocal range trying -LRB- and failing -RRB- for different effects.Oedekerk also keeps on with his few good routines well after the laughter has died out on everyone 's lips . Witness the rushing camera zooms in his second big fight of the film . Funny at first and then it becomes old and stale . Also Oedekerk has to underline every funny act as if we could n't get it without a repeated double take or a camera pressed relentlessly right into the joke.And then there is the humor which is , as expected , juvenile and sophmoric but shows not even the cleverness of Adam Sandler and it does n't go anywhere . For example , the story . It begins with a legend of The Chosen One -LRB- who bears the mark of a talking tongue -RRB- who must avenge his family 's death at the hands of a dictatorial bully who is working for a mysterious council that fears him . In the middle of this with no relation to anything in the genre Oedekerk inserts a fight with a lactating cow . Probably because his comic imagination was so limited he could n't think of anymore funny stuff to do with the film without inserting a complete non sequitur that contributes nothing but a bizarre sight gag -LRB- although maybe the milk shooting is the best parody of The Matrix I have yet seen but are n't these Matrix references getting a bit stale ?? -RRB- and then disappears almost completely without a trace . My recommendation would be to see the film only if you are a big fan of Steve Oedekerk or love Martial Arts parodies . People who enjoy good comedy would be wise to steer clear.The DVD is a pretty nice package . There is an okay director 's commentary featuring Oedekerk and the film 's producer and film editor -LRB- ! -RRB- and an alternate soundtrack where you can hear the actual actor 's voices and what they were saying before Oedekerk overdubbed them . All this stuff was actually scripted by Oedekerk and does n't really make much sense -LRB- all the original martial arts film sequences are in Mandarin -RRB- but it is funny and it is a relief to get away from his voice . There is a brief promotional featurette and some nice brief features on the special effects of the film . The transfer looks great . I 'm sure getting the two films to match well was a challenge at every point in the process and the colors look full and natural and the grain is appropriate to this film genre and actually enhances the viewing experience.In conclusion , good DVD package , good technical work , bad film .
 Kung Pow has got to be one of the WORST movies I have ever seen . This movie is the true definition of `` stupid . '' Now , some movies are stupidly funny -LRB- i.e. Austin Powers -RRB- , but this movie is just flat out mindless . I 'm even in to idiotic movies like these , but this movie disgusted me . I highly recommend you do n't see it if you do n't want to lose IQ points ...
 This movie sucked big time . I watched the whole movie and could n't wait for the ending . I know they got a chines movie and changed it , but it just sucked .
 This movie was not funny at all . The jokes were stupid and the only good part was the special effects -LRB- and I 'm not talking about the cow -RRB- Save you time and do n't watch Kung Pow .
 Whatever Steve Oedekerk was paid to make this film , I would gladly give up my inheritance to ensure he never makes another film again . Though other viewers may laud KUNG POW
 One of the worst movies I have seen in awhile . I laughed maybe a handful of times at best . I would never have rented this , but was corralled into watching it with some friends . Everyone thought it was terrible ... which is saying a lot for some of my amigos .
 This is one of the worst movies ive ever seen in my life -LRB- ive seen A LOT of movies -RRB- It has about 3 funny parts and the rest of the movie is just ridiculously stupid . dont waste your money on this .
 Steve Oedekerk should stick to short films and writing . This movie was just horrible . If there was ever an option to vote no stars , this movie would be it . Sure , it 's cool to see some modern movie effects in the movies , but the talent is wasted for this movie . This is more like a `` joke '' movie to put on your resume . The jokes in making fun of old kung fu movies works for the first 15 minutes , but then they just get old.I say save your -LRB- ... money -RRB- and wait for the movie to come out on cable . At least then you could change the channel ...
 You 've heard of movies that are so bad they 're good ? This is n't one of them . This movie is wretched . A couple of eighth-graders with an Imac could have done at least as well . It 's like they painstakingly went through the film frame by frame and removed anything remotely humorous . At the end of my life , when the Grim Reaper comes to take me , I fully expect to ask for and get this hour and fifteen minutes of my life back .
 this movie has its moments . but the stupidity of this movie is unbelieveable . if i seen this on cable i would have no trouble going to the restroom or answering the phone . because this movie suckkssss
 This is a waste of the space time continuum . If you liked this you are as stupid as you are dumb .
 I did not watch this movie on my own free will , I could not even sit through it . This was the only movie that I left the theatre half way through . The plot is horrible , the dialouge is atrocious , and the acting is even worse . Normally I like movies with subtitles , but the way they dubbed over the voices is just too annoying . The parts that were supposed to be funny were too dumb to laugh at . This movie needs to enter the `` Crap Movies Hall of Fame '' next to Showgirls .
 Ok , first of all i didnt even want to see this movie in the first place ; my family made me see it ; so i sat thru it neways . Then , as I was watching it , i said , `` OMG !!!!!! dad !!! we spent our precious dollars on this ?!!!! '' Then some guy from the audience yells , `` yeah , man , seriously yo ' this movie sucks ! `` So , I thru my popcorn at the screen and said , `` I 'd rather sit thru some boring alien documentary than sit thru this . '' I do n't even think it would make a good stoner movie . Now , that 's when u know this movie is a bad movie ... . when the stoners wont even watch it . The audience was definately better than the movie . I give the audience 5 stars ***** . But the movie ... well , it reli should just get zero ... for being so stupidly horrible . Ok , u tell me how the heck do u punch a hole thru . a cows stomach and the cow is still alive ?!!!! Now , i know b/c its a movie but , c'mon now , that was just a bit much and not even stoner worthy . Not that i do ne of that . b/c i dont i kno poeple .
 Kung Pow
 When I first saw this advertised I thought , `` Oh great , another stupid movie that goes for cheap laughs '' . And I was right ! The jokes are VERY silly , predictable , and I do n't think they worked very hard on them . The only reason I saw this movie is because my friend kept quoting from it and telling me I should watch it . So we did . It 's a good idea to edit the actors into old footage of kung-foo movies , but the parts that they made themselves -LRB- i.e. when he fights with the cow ... -RRB- are very dumb . Obviously the people that made this have brains that work like this : FALLING DOWN + STUPID FACE = FUNNY . I do n't agree with that logic . I mean , just look at the cover of this ! Gopher-chucks ? Why ? I just do n't get it ! Really , do n't waste your time on this movie unless you like really goofy and predictable things .
 The previews made it look funny ; but ofcourse , the previews show the best parts ! You do n't have to be a kung-fu movie fanatic to get the jokes , you just have to appreciate a satire . Some people who do n't understand satires and just saw it as a regular comedy will laugh but they will find the wacky antics a bit strange . The movie pokes fun at the voice dubbing by having annoying , high-pitched and deep voices replacing the actors own , but the joke gets tired halfway through . It has all the obligatory kung-fu characters
 Ok , I 'm a huge fan of Monty Python , Mystery Science Theater 3000 , and the `` Naked Gun '' movies , so you can imagine how easily entertained I am . This movie is dumber than anything I 've ever seen before . Yes , there are a couple of laughs in it , but they are few and far between -LRB- seen the trailer for this film ? Then you 've seen the laughs -RRB- . The only funny part throughout the film is the fact that the bad guy insists on being called `` Betty '' . Save your money and wait until this comes on late night cable and you left the remote on top of the tv while you 're laying on the couch ... that 's the only reason I can think of to watch this waste of film .
 It was a bit funny in the beginning , the fight with the baby , the fight with the cow , and the use of gophers as weapons ... all of those scenes will make you smile . It 's also a very creative idea of how this movie is blended in with a few old Kung Fu flicks . But , after about 15 , 20 minutes tops , all of the jokes get old , especially how all of the characters ' mouths move after and before they 're talking . Funny at first , it continues throughout the whole movie , and becomes very annoying . After some good jokes early on , it all just goes down hill , making you wish the movie was only a skit on Saturday Night Live . It had its moments , but in the end , it just is n't worth watching .
 I expected this to be a stupidly funny movie , like `` I 'm gon na get you sucka '' or `` Naked Gun '' , but it was just plain stupid . The voice overs became so annoying that I had to turn the movie off , and finish it the next day . If you want to have ridiculously deep or high voices for the voice overs , then fine , that 's funny , but to throw in `` Weeeeooooohh '' and snorts , for no reason just makes it stupid . I heard this was made 2 years ago , so maybe the sequel is already made , but I ca n't believe anyone will distribute this garbage a second time .
 If I could have rated this movie in the negatives , I would have . This is honestly without a doubt , the worst movie I have ever seen . And not only that , but any movie I had previously thought to be the worst I had seen , this surpassed it , by a long , long way . This movie -LSB- was very bad -RSB- . But I kept watching , because I could n't believe that someone could actually make such a bad film and it just kept slapping me back in the face saying `` yes it is ! '' I enjoy spoofs , I really do , but this was like a spoof of a spoof of a spoof , the jokes were that exaggerated . This is the only movie I have watched and immediately after though `` I wish I could have the last 90 minutes of my life back . '' I would honeslty rather have a prostate exam than watch this movie again.The movie was made from hacked B-martial arts movies , then voiced over with what sounds like one guy making a ridiculous attempt to do everyones voice , The things that the movie attempted to make fun of , failed miserably at making them funny ...
 I collect martial arts movies and Hong Kong cinema . That being said , I take martial arts movies seriously . There are quite a few martial arts movies that are meant to be comedies , but where you need to make the distinction is dubbing . 1970 's dubbing was appauling -- highly innacurate translations and plenty of adlibbing . The result is a movie that pales in comparison to the original translation . Subtitles are a different story and follow the translation as closely as possible . So , to enjoy a martial arts movie is to understand its original meaning , not a butchered dubbed version . If you look at Kung Pow it 's based on the whole premise that dubbed martial arts movies are funny . Being a fan and knowing how bad dubbing is , I 'm more angered by Kung Pow than anything , because it makes people think of a stereotype and base all martial arts movies on cheesy dubbing they saw on Kung Fu Theater in the 80 's . My point is Kung Pow misses the point . Martial arts films are awesome when watched in their original form . Making fun of dubbing is like making fun of a butchered version of a film -- it 's pointless and stupid . And that 's exactly what Kung Pow ends up doing -- butchering yet another film -LRB- the one they used for the movie -RRB- and making it into a dub-fest of stupidity . Kung Pow is making fun of dubbing as if that 's what martial arts movies are all about . I 'm sorry , but the director misses the point and obviously does n't understand martial arts films . My brother made me sit through this farce . I hated every minute of it . I suggest you check out some of Sammo Hung 's older films in original language with subtitles . Then you may just understand what makes martial arts films appealing to fans . It 's not the dubbing -- it 's the acting , the many forms of martial arts and the actors that make the heroes in these films bigger-than-life . Kung Pow just does n't get it , evidently neither do people that laugh at this horrid movie .
 I really went into this movie with an open mind and a belly ready to be tested by its humour . But KUNG POW did n't make my belly ache once . Not once . This film was SO annoying . You had to wade through embarassing , stupid gags just to get to the slightly funny moments . Take all the unfunny , poorly executed segments in every Mel Brooks movie you 've ever seen ; splice them together with all the really bad SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE skits ; and presto ! You have an idea how painful and frustrating KUNG POW is to watch . Nice idea . But dumb , remedial script .
 ... but it was just too stupid . Few things are more annoying than a great idea that 's as poorly executed as this.I agree with the spotlight review that the best jokes were in the trailer . Yes , the digital work is quite well done , but it does n't make up for the fact that the dialogue sounds like it was done by a class clown from the 3rd grade . Oedekerk had a great idea - he just should 've had someone else write the screenplay . He has a good feel for sight gags and physical comedy , but he does n't have the chops to make anything SOUND funny . A complete disappointment . Martial arts parodies abound , but a thoroughly successful one has yet to be made .
 Steve Oedekerk made Ace Ventura
 Dont ' buy or rent this movie . I ca n't think of a stupider movie which I 've seen than Kung Pow . I would rather watch an hour and a half of the Golden Girls . I rented it after reading the good reviews on Amazon.com ; these reviews were misleading . The voice-overs were occasionally funny , but they got stale and begged to be stopped . This movie is not funny to sensible adults , It was n't even cheesey ; Kung Pow was pitiful . Be warned .
 This movie does n't even deserve a star . It deserves 0 . It was so pointless ... I fell asleep . About half the theater left in the middle of the movie -LRB- i 'm serious -RRB- and my bro just rented it and could only stand to watch 15 minutes of it . You must be pretty messed up to give this movie 5 stars . I did n't smile once ... it is n't my kinda humor . Sick , disgusting stuff is n't my kinda humor .
 The movie is hilarious but this is not in the case pictured and is only playable on my laptop . Chum !
 When I saw the trailer for this , I figured it was a parody of kung fu movies , and the gopher chucks and Matrix-style cow did n't look too bad . We missed it in the theatre , so it ended up being rental material . I 'm glad we rented it , as it 's not worth movie tickets.I did n't know the movie was a partial rehash of a 1970s kung fu flick , so I spent about 20 minutes trying to figure out which parts were from the original movie , and which parts had been put in . After that the gags and the movie itself got old.I like parodies of movies , but this movie used the same gags over and over . The lips not matching up was funny for the first 10 minutes , but when they go so far as to make the dog bark follow 10 or 15 seconds after he makes the barking motion , it 's no longer funny . Master Pain renaming himself Betty just does n't make sense . Maybe if he 'd worn nylons or lipstick , or did something even remotely feminine it would have tied in . The guy with the stereo dancing to Sir Mix A Lot and other songs did n't make any sense either , I 'd never seen anyone even remotely like it in a kung fu movie , so it did n't fit into the parody.I have to give the movie 2 stars though , the first is for the cow . The CG cow was really well done ; it did n't look dodgy or mechanical or really fake . The milk shooting out of its udder was a bit much , but the CG work on the cow was really well done.The second star is for the splicing of Oedekerk into the original movie . The blue screen work was well done , he 's put into the scenes well enough that you ca n't automatically tell which scenes were from the original film and which were filmed for this film . I did n't like the film , and as a parody I did n't find it very well done -LRB- it did n't make much sense -RRB- , but the technical portions of the movie were well done .
 This movie is best enjoyed after a few Budweisers on a late saturday night when you have absolutely nothing better to do . It 's dumb that it actually is too funny sometimes.In this Kung Fu movie spoof -LRB- it 's actually played within an old movie -RRB- he fights amongst other things a cow and guy , done in Matrix Style.That tongue thing ... . nasty .
 I had somewhat high expectations for this movie based on what some others told me about it . I 'm a fairly big fan of general Kung-fu type movies , so was looking forward to seeing this one . It 's kind of a mixed bag . The best way to describe it is its similar to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode but with new footage instead of just offbeat comments.There are several laugh out loud moments in it , especially at the beginning of the movie . But after watching half the movie , the jokes get kind of stale and repetitive and it gets less and less interesting . The last 20 minutes were just bad and there was n't really anything funny at all going on in them.Overall I 'm giving it 2 stars . It had good potential , but it just ran out of steam halfway through and made it a chore to actually finish it . It did have some great individual lines/parts though , especially during the first half . It 's also incredibly short , just 81 minutes - which is good , because it would have been hard to really sit through anymore .
 It is funny in the same goofy , lazy way as flatulence jokes and sexist jokes . Which is to say you have to turn off a vital part of your intelligence to enjoy this movie . But in spite of realizing what was taking place , I still found myself laughing at parts of it when I knew better . It is totally stupid , but will probably work on you anyway , especially if you are a non-circumspect , easy laugher . So much laughter takes you by surprise anyway , like a spasm ; if you are one of the highly susceptible , and have a funnybone that is not overly doctrinaire or uptight , this movie may get to you . I guess your questions for yourself would be 1 -RRB- is it worth the price and 2 -RRB- do I stand on any principle that would cause me to be offended by anything I see in a no-holds-barred comedy romp through Moronville . My smart friends despise this film . But I must add that some of the very smartest are beginning to join the backlash against those who hate it . They see it as an unprecedented exercise in critic-tweaking that makes a laundry list of dos and do n'ts , and goes down that list doing everything wrong that it possibly can , even throwing in some improvisational violations of all recognized canons of art and common sense and good taste that are inspired . As compelling as this take on Kung Pow may be , the fact remains you still have to sit through it and listen to it for an hour and a half . And THAT , my friends , is more pain than a lot of us are willing to endure for our progressive attitude .
 There is no reason to see this in a theater . If you do see this movie make sure you watch most of the credits - there are some good laughs in the making of and out takes . The out of sync audio goes a little far when the dog 's bark is delayed nearly 2 seconds . While the Cow wushu and the baby wushu were entertaining most of the rest of the movie was disapointing
 I like Oedekerk , I really do , so I ca n't really say I do n't like or `` get '' his humor . Most of his movies are super ! But this movie was so bad I still have flashbacks of sitting through it . Holy God , it was so not funny . It dragged on to the point of making me fall asleep , only to find when I woke that it was n't over yet and it was n't funny yet . My husband LIKED this movie . I still tell him he owes me big time for making me sit through this completey asinine , unfunny , tedious excuse for a movie .
 Kung Pow
 I am glad the word is getting out on this movie through citizen reviews like these . Media critics are an irrelevancy in the lives of the average Kung Pow viewer . Maybe the ridicule of their peers is all that will embarrass those who love Kung Pow off this junk.After everything has been said about it , I think it 's clear that Kung Pow is a kid 's film , not an adult one , and more specifically a film MADE for the taste of the typical 13 year old boy . This sounds cut and dried , but the complicated part comes in the fact that there are a lot of 35 year old 13 year olds out there who are eating Kung Pow with a spoon . Sad to say , this group may be beyond hope ; this DVD will probably still be selling briskly when we are all 99 years old , or , as Abe Lincoln might put it , `` as long as foul taste endures '' . If you have -LSB- money -RSB- to spend on a lowbrow comedy , may I recommend any of the following
 This movies was so horrible ! I cant believe I sat through the whole thing . I am a big fan of Steve O 's thumb movies so I thought this movie would be great but it was just a big disappointment , the dubbing over the real voice just gets old , stupid and boring . Save your money and buy a thumb movie you will be glad you did !
 This movie is just not funny and stuff . For one thing , there is some lame kung-fu cow , supposed to make us laugh , I guess . Steve Oedekerk does NOT know how to act , nor does he know how to fight . I had to waste good money to go see this movie , which I thought would be cool . Well ... it was n't . Of all the movies I 've seen that tried to be funny , this was one of the most miserable failures of any of them . This movie -LSB- stinks -RSB- !
 This film was not even funny . Anything that you saw in previews or ads was the best parts of the film . Please , do n't buy this film . It would only be advancing the cause of idiocy everywhere.If you have extra money to get rid of and ca n't think of anything else other than this film to buy , just throw the money away . That would be less of a disappointment.It needs negative stars , not one star ...
 Ended stupid . I did n't even finish the movie . Sure , it was funny in the beginning , what with the `` Chosen One . '' After awhile , it was pointless , good for a few laughs . After that it all went downhill . It WAS funny , but it was SO stupid that it was n't even funny anymore . I thought the beginning was okay , but , as far as I got , I got really bored and none of it was really funny . Basically
 This movie was so lame . I recently picked up a dvd titled `` Kung Faux '' , which ended up being one of the funniest things I have ever seen and is now one of my favorite dvds of all time , and then when I was telling someone about it , they asked me if it was called `` Kung Pow '' or `` Kung Faux '' , which is when I found out about this dvd , so I thought I should check it out too . Man , what a waste of money . This movie has got no game and is content to serve up the same bad gags over and over again to fill up enough running time to be able to call itself a movie instead of the lame one note wonder gimmick worthy of only maybe a short web clip on a cornball website that it really is . If you want to see a truly hilarious dvd of dubbed kung fu flicks that you will want to watch over and over again , do yourself a favor and pick up a dvd titled `` Kung Faux '' and get lifted for life .
 this was a horrible , arrogant , and mostly unfunny piece of work from Steve Oedekerk . one review said it looked like it was made in junior high , and the quality of humor shows . The jokes are mostly crude and though there is a funny part here and there it is mostly dull and juvenile . not that I dont ' mind juvenile humor , but it has to be done right . The only thing that was done right about this movie was it was done cheap.Avoid this , if you want something juvenile rent Say it ` Aint so , or Van Wilder , the cast has more charisma and the jokes are crude but funny . if you want good satire go with the older Mel Brooks .
 This is first time I have written a review for the deliberate purpose of giving a movie a one-star rating . Normally , I simply forget about the movie and move on to the next one . But this one really irked me because I had expected it to be so much better . The `` dubbing '' grows tired very quickly as a gag , as do the repetitive fight scenes that employ the `` thousand meaningless blows '' kung fu fighting style . Some of the sight gags and dialogue are a bit amusing in the beginning , but I found myself waiting and waiting for the real humor to begin . This type of concept is more deserving of a 10-minute SNL skit than it is of a 90-minute movie . It 's sort of like eating a bowl of pudding . If it 's for desert , then it can be a joy . But if you 're served it for breakfast , lunch , and dinner , then it very rapidly becomes something you want to walk away from . Unfortunately , since I rented it , I ca n't ` walk away ' from the money I wasted to rent it .
 Can you complain about a movie that shows kung-fu cows -LRB- complete with milk shot through its udders in dramatic Matrix-style bullet-time ? -RRB- Can you complain about a movie that is poorly dubbed with whiny , childish , and otherwise awful voiceovers -- intentionally ? Walking into a theater with the full expectation of seeing practically every adolescent joke a 12-year-old could think of , including fart jokes , gopher-chucks , nipple-twisting and leg-humping -LRB- as weapons -RRB- , is it even fair to complain this movie is stupid?Well , uh . . yeah . You 'll laugh out loud a few times , if just for the absolute ridiculousness of it all , but for the most part , the jokes are more irritating and overly repetitive than funny . Considering this movie probably wo n't outgross How High , the movie 's suggestion that a sequel is coming out - now that 's pretty funny.There are a lot of movies that succeed at being both deliberately stupid and funny at the same time - the classic Airplane -LRB- still one of my all-time favorites -RRB- , The Naked Gun , Dumb and Dumber , etc. . . Even Oedekerk 's Star Wars spoof Thumb-Wars was pretty funny . Unfortunately , this movie is stupid but rarely funny . You 've been warned -LRB- again -RRB- .
 I saw `` KUNG POW
 This movie is not just a spoof of some old movie , it is a spoof of some old spoof . A few scenes were laughable , though most of them were thoroughly silly . Did you see the trailer for this movie ? If so , you 've seen it all.There is nothing more you need to see . I suggest you spend your time on something better .
 I saw this movie on the first day of it 's release and I have to say if I could have gave this movie ZERO stars , I would have . The previews made the movie look hilarious , but one thing they did n't do in the trailer was let you know this movie was voice dubbed throughout the ENTIRE movie ... including the dog when he barks !! Another point to make is that the main woman in the movie is overdubbed by a man who annoyingly throws his voice to TRY to sound like a woman and he fails miserably . He sounds more like Miss Piggy ! The only funny scene was the fight with the cow in the pasture ... and you can see this in the previews . All of these parody movies are getting out of hand . SCARY MOVIE was pretty good , but SCARY MOVIE 2 and NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE were a little less funny . I know there are a couple other recent parody movies out there too that I have n't got to see yet -LRB- one similar to SCARY MOVIE -RRB- . But this one , KUNG POW totally sucks . It 's a total ripoff low budget movie with several attempts to TRY to make you laugh , but you end up leaving the theatre , wanting to go into the film booth and tear up the film to shreds to prevent anyone else from wasting their money . But I 'm sure this film will soon be yanked out of the theatres with no problem . Watch it be the least popular movie of the year !
 It 's amazing that this guy was allowed to spend the money to make this . How bad is this thing ? Well , it almost makes Tom Greene and Adam Sandler seem to be the height of sophisticated comedy ... Really and truly , Oedekerk should be paying US to watch this junk . It 's not even as funny as a test pattern on your TV
 This was the most unentertaining film I have ever seen . The special effects are interesting -- inserting the star and a few other actors into an old chinese kung fu film was done well . The kung fu cow was done well . Turning an old film into a new film was an interesting idea . But the film is not entertaining , and the jokes and gags are barely funny and barely adolescent . My fourteen year old son wanted to leave the theatre -- that 's pretty bad . The dialogue , while purposely `` dubbed '' so that it did not match the actors lip movements , was poorly conceived , again , barely funny . The movie reminded me of a play a friend and I worked up in high school -- very juvenile humor . If I had not been with two twelve year olds who wanted to see the entire film , I would have walked out an demanded my money back -- something I have never done . I like almost all movies - action movies , kid movies , animation , mysteries , dramatic . This was a poorly done movie -- I ca n't imagine they will earn back the money spent on advertising this film .
 I really do n't know what I was thinking when I watched this movie . Surely I 'd know not to watch it just because Steve Oedekerk wrote , directed , and starred . I really should have avoided it after I read all the scathing reviews . Why did I watch it ? I think it was because it 's a redubbed , digitally altered version of some old chop socky movie , featuring Oedekerk digitally inserted into the plot and a bizarre new soundtrack . Here 's the problem
 This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen . It 's not funny , it 's not fun , it 's not entertaining , the only word that describes movie is bad . I would n't recommend this dvd if it cost 2 bucks . In closing all can say is this film is the benchmark for all horrible movies to be measured against and I would rather eat live maggots than watch this piece of garbage again .
 Oedekerk , the brains behind this film , connected with Jim Carrey to script the second Ace Ventura flick . That is the brief shining moment in a career otherwise devoted to movies in which the only actors are giant close-ups of thumbs with miniature human mouths grafted on them through crude digital effects . The humor and the ambience of these films is childish , but they are not aimed at kids . -LRB- Oedekerk has a potty mind and frequently goes where he should n't go with the general audience . -RRB- Maybe that is all I need to say about Kung Pow . But indulge me for a minute . There is a joke here about a man named Nurse Betty Pain who is left in charge of a sick man with a chest wound . The nurse/guy gets way too friendly with the man and way too interested in the wound , and in the next scene , we learn the man took an inexplicable turn for the worse and died -LRB- inexplicable , except to the audience -- nudge nudge , wink wink , haw haw -RRB- . The implication here , I leave to you . But this is typical Oedekerk . The coarsest humor in the most questionable of taste . And , for those who care about such things , no finesse or style to anything that happens . Oedekerk is a thoroughly accomplished Mr. Amateur Night . -LRB- The only thing worse than Oedekerk here , might , MIGHT be any one of the millions of wannabe funnymen launched at a target far past their grasp by Bill Murray 's lounge singer from the first season of SNL . -RRB- Consider yourself warned .
 I thought this movie was going to be so funny . I was really looking forward to this movie as I am a fan of the 70 's kung fu flicks . The beginning was pretty funny . But then ... it just died out . ... What was with that `` wee ooh wee ooh '' stuff that the girl kept spitting out ? I could understand if it was a mockery of some Kung Fu movie stereotype . But I honestly do not remember anything like that in the 70 's kung fu flicks . Wee ooh wee ooh . What is that supposed to mean ? Where did it come from ? And more importantly , how is that supposed to be funny ?
 I now regret having wasted five dollars renting this movie . There are a couple of funny parts but most of the film is just plain irritating . It makes fun of every crummy kung-fu movie on earth with silly martial arts battles and terrible dialogue . Personally , I would rather watch the old kung-fu movies than this one . I was hoping for an Austin-Powers type of comedy . Instead it was rather like watching a bunch of home videos strung together .
 There was only a very few movies I wanted to walk out of and this is on top of the list . Sure its cool how they got an existing movie and threw in a few characters , but thats the best it gets ! The voices get really old and stupid quickly . I laughed , then I. . . thats it . Funny for the first 5 mins .
 Although this is a gripping documentary , I find it extremely lacking in that it does not include the experience of female service people of color descent , particularly in light of the shocking incident and cover-up involving LaVena Johnson , a female soldier who was raped and then murdered -LRB- July 19 , 2005 -RRB- while actively serving in Iraq . To not give any consideration within the documentary to the racial component of this circumstance is as much a re-victimization of female victims of color , as it would be to ignore the circumstance altogether for white female victims . I think it totally reasonable to believe that female victims of color only receive a fraction of the considering that white female victims already DO NOT receive . This lengthy video would seem to have had plenty of opportunity to at least drawn some minor attention to the racial component of this circumstance or at least to make mention of the LeVena Johnson story . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had to watch this film as part of the SHARP training following our last deployment . I in no way want to imply that the women interviewed did not suffer or that their rapes are somehow &#34; illegitimate &#34; or untrue . On the other hand , I take serious issue with those outside the military pursuing an agenda that is short on facts -LRB- in this case , the makers of the film , not the women interviewed -RRB- . Among other inaccuracies , I 'd like to point out that Commanders do not determine whether a report of sexual assault is restricted or unrestricted
 I was quite eager to watch this video and see some of the glory of the kumbh mela , the most spectacular spiritual gathering on the planet . Unfortunately , the filmmaker chose to focus mostly in the carnival sideshows of the event rather than the sadhus who are the heart of it . It 's colorful to watch , but not very enlightening.Nice try , but it misses the mark by a mile !
 This video almost made me not want to go to Kumba Mela . There was not really any quality narration . It made the event look more like a variety show . Did n't give off a spiritual vibe .
 yes it is free , but i thought it was more than a clip . i played it and i just saw a clip . one - i could hardly hear it and 2-completely did not understand why they were just filming folk playing football , no jokes or anything . maybe i did something wrong . but i deleted it of my kindle because it was wasting memory in my opinion .
 The show is horrible . It is basically a big advert . for Neutrogena and the acting is terrible . If you a fan of the books , you will be very disappointed with the show .
 I am a fan of the books and was excited to see it coming to life ... I really did n't like it . Hated the cast . Totally not was I envisioned . I know most of the time storylines change but I was really disappointed .
 I ignored all the reviews because I had n't read the books and thought it 'd be ok if I did n't have any expectations . It 's HORRIBLE and a huge waste of time . The acting is terrible , and Gossip Girl is way more entertaining .
 ok now you dont want to see this movie if you have not read all the books because its a combination of them all and its not how you may have planned .
 Wow , did this fail . I give it two stars for Macy , a fine actor . But this movie did not ring true anywhere . Too obviously trying to be hip , the dialogue is totally unbelievable , as are the motivations . Supposedly a hit at Sundance , test audiences hated it . Believe the audiences . It is not enough to be clever ; one must have characters that at least seem like they have a chance to be real . Also , the shifting tones -LRB- drama ? comedy ? -RRB- did not jibe . Chalk this one up as another of those inexplicable misfires -LRB- Ishtar ? -RRB- that seem to fool everybody but the people buying the tickets .
 Starts S L O W and only gets S L O W E R. Use as a sleep aid only . Seriously this is not even a good time waster if they had it playing at the DMV
 Before I saw this film , all signs said I would enjoy it . Its cast includes two of my favorite actors , William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland . I read boatloads of positive reviews about it , some even calling it one of the year 's best films . I typically avoid mass-produced Hollywood films in favor of little-known sleepers like this one . And the premise had great potential.Consequently , it was pretty disappointing when halfway through the film I found myself uttering aloud to nobody in particular , `` Wow , this is bad . `` After having time to absorb the film , I realize that 's not entirely true . The film is n't that bad . But I 'm still baffled by the praise it 's received.The opening scene is promising
 i really like macy but this movie was boring boring boring . Not to mention , i 'm supposed to believe in the old hitman with a heart of gold ??? also , ending was totally contrived .
 Henry Bromell 's * Panic * copiously illustrates that the concept of having a hitman or Mafia kingpin or maniacal serial killer or whatever attend therapy sessions is becoming a very tired one , indeed . Hey screenwriters -- please . No more , OK ? Here , William H. Macy is a suburban Everyman who happens to whack people for a living . The `` hook '' is that his own father -LRB- Donald Sutherland in a very flashy performance -RRB- got him into the business . Sutherland still provides Macy with `` jobs '' , and the next man on the hit-list happens to be Macy 's own therapist . Somehow , Macy 's wife has no idea what he really does for a living ; she thinks he operates a home-based mail-order business . -LRB- What woman would take such little interest in her husband 's business affairs as to be fooled by such a story ? Perhaps Macy locks her in the bathroom for most of the day . -RRB- Needless to say , this is all mightily unrealistic . Of more interest is the hitman 's infatuation with a fellow patient -LRB- Neve Campbell -RRB- in his therapist 's waiting room , but this sub-plot comes to nothing much . So forget the story ; the main pleasure here will be watching William H. Macy work . He 's really , really good , as usual ... but even so , the pedestrian dialogue constrains him a bit . There 's been a lot of moaning and groaning that this film was `` criminally overlooked '' , that it fell victim to bad marketing . Well , having seen it , I can safely say
 This movie is about Dora Carrington 's love life , and is effective in exploring it . Hoever , for those of us who knew of her as an artist and wanted to know more , it is disappointing . Her paintings do n't even make it into the film until the final credits , where they seem to beckon one into a fascinating story that the film never told . Why did Carrington paint ? What was in her heart and mind ? How could a movie about an artist completely neglect her art ? It does n't tell the whole story at all . I was upset and annoyed at this . It 's a pattern I 've seen all too often , when the people making the movie seem more interested in who an artist or writer slept with than why and how they became great artists in the first place.Emma Thompson gives the best performance I think anyone could have under the circumstances , but she -LRB- and Carrington -RRB- deserved a better script . I never felt as if I knew Carrington , because the art that meant so much to her was not part of the film .
 This DVD is not viewable in Australia - beware - I was caught out by this dodgy seller
 This film is definitely a contender for the worst film of all time . At the very least its in the top ten . Emma Thompson is a fine actress , perhaps one of the best of her generation , but even she ca n't make Dora Carrington interesting . Similarly to the much under-rated Jennifer Jason Leigh failed to ignite Dorothy Parker and the Vicious Circle , Thompson just ca n't make this film take off . Ultimately it is a film about the private lives of two boring , self-absorbed artists . There is n't much for the audience here and even a patient viewer wo n't be rewarded by the acting . Fine acting without a story is a bit like wine without a bottle . Ultimately just a waste . I gave it one star , and I think that 's fair , after all it did have one star
 My aunt made me watch this horrible movie during a visit . It may have caused permanent brain damage . At the movie 's midpoint I declared , `` I hope everyone dies tragic , pain filled deaths '' . One of the only good things about this movie is that my wish was granted .
 As a huge fan of all involved I must at least give one star for presentation . The fact that I actually had some type of interest in Carrington is beyond my comprehension . This movie should not be entitled Carrington . It should be entitled `` Can a Woman be More Screwed Up in the Head ? '' If you are looking to find the answers to why Ms. Carrington 's personality did not follow the norm , you will not find the answer in this movie . If you looking for a sexually , morbidly confused bunch of self absorbed , self-destructive artists , you have a winner with Carrington . -LRB- i.e. when Mr. Strachey is first introduced in the movie he spots Carrington by saying `` Who is that lovely young boy ? '' Where I come from people can get arrested for comments like that ! -RRB- This movie will not uplift or encourage you . It will not make you a more socially or artistically aware individual . You may , however , feel sick after wasting two hours of your life as I did .
 Not happy with this DVD at all . It shows very little of Finland . Not interested in the artwork . Was hoping to see the countryside of Finland , would not recommend this to anyone .
 Thi DVD has some great music and scenery but it does n't tell what the scenery is ! I thought there was a narrative
 Lots of hype , but missed the mark . This could have been a great movie , but they held back . Not worth getting , rent it if you can find it !!
 One of the most boring movie i 've ever seen . Class this one in the category chickmovies . By all means watch a more interesting movie like kids , and CRASH from cronenberg
 not worth the money.i found this film slow and rather uninteresting , not as good as the little girl who lives down the lane .
 This movie is an utter disappointment . The concept it explores - budding female sexuality in a hyper-testoterone environment - is certainly fascinating and well worth exploring , but the realization of that concept falls apart in nearly every way . The script is very badly written , both in terms of storyline , and of dialogue . One ca n't help feeling , for example , that the screenwriter wrote swearwords into the opening monologue simply to have the speaker swear . The story relies so heavily on cliche that you can predict each plot twist twenty minutes in advance . The army base , where most of the film takes place , is in a state of disrepair that the army would never have allowed - the set dressers could n't even get rid of the cobwebs . The supporting actors are laughably bad , from the `` lone biker '' guy who deflowers one sister , to the `` sympathetic officer '' who teaches the other to shoot a gun , to the various soldiers and cadets milling about the outskirts of the plot . In fact , this movie is so bad over all , it might be enjoyable to watch simply to make fun of it . Except no , the two starring actresses , Daisy Eagan and Monica Keena , are far to good . -LRB- Eagan is best known for playing Mary Lennox in `` The Secret Garden '' on Broadway , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical - at age 11 . -RRB- I wanted `` Ripe '' to be good . I really did . Alas , there just is n't enough quality invested in this film to make it worth even a second glance .
 I really expected this to be up to the company it was advertised with , i.e. , other films and books . I found it much like you might find on Cinemax or HBO . I expected at least a hint of erotica , but found nothing even close . Unless you call a brief underwear or chest shot thrilling.An inexpenseive price for an inexpensive film .
 This is one of the most visually annoying films I 've ever seen . The director intersperses between interviews with the surviving Catonsville 9 activists dizzying -LRB- and literally nauseating -RRB- highspeed segments of red flowers and streets that make you feel as if you 're on a roller-coaster or acid . Repeated blurred , out-of-focus shots of newspaper print add to the general visual cacaphony , and it all gets in the way of telling the marvelous , brave story of the witness for peace that took place at Catonsville in 1968 . The interviews and original footage are important . For those with technical skills , I 'd suggest buying the film and re-editing it to eliminate the distracting visual craziness . If you do that , the film deserves 5 stars .
 Interesting at first . But this series really gets kind of boring and annoying later on in it . Definitly dont watch with kids . Has nudity and cussing in it . I would probably just watch jericho instead of this .
 I have been reading comics/graphic novels -LRB- whatever ! -RRB- since the early 1970s , and Hermann Huppen and Greg 's Bernard Prince stories were some of my favorites . I have continued to look at , read when translated into English , and enjoy Hermann 's work ever since . He 's such a great storyteller , I can usually figure out the plot by looking at his drawings even when I ca n't read the French text . And the Jeremiah series is one of Hermann 's best.Three different publishers took a stab at putting out Jeremiah in English , and while I really liked those books , they must not have sold very well . But with 28 volumes to date , somebody out there is buying a lot of them . -LRB- You 'll find a short list of Hermann 's work if you do a search on `` Hermann Huppen '' and check Wikipedia . -RRB- I bought the DVD set of Jeremiah , the complete first season , when it was released in 2004 , and I looked forward to watching the whole series . Since viewing the first episode , I have TRIED to go back to it every few years ever since , but I 'm only on episode 3 . I keep thinking I have seen more than I have , because I remember it as being a painful experience . Tonight I lasted about 2 minutes and had to give up again . Something about a sad girl dishing up slops with a fake tear stuck on her cheek confiding in soft spoken sympathetic poofter Perry is all just too EMO for me . I ca n't overlook the poor acting , which is soooo stilted it becomes quickly ridiculous . Try as I might to get into the story and overlook the cheap and phony sets , costumes and production values , I am constantly reminded that the stars are poseurs , trying to act cool and tough , and it all just feels fake . Were those people having trouble reading their lines off of cue cards ? If fans of Luke Perry and Malcolm-Jamal Warner are as impressed with those actors half as much as they appear to be with themselves , that might explain the positive reviews , but their efforts at playing John Wayne , Don Johnson or James Dean in a post plague world are so lame as to make it extremely difficult to sit through . And the rest of the cast is n't any better.Maybe if I was weaned on The Cosby Show or Beverly Hills 90210 , I could dig it . I like seeing Johnny Depp work , though one pirate movie was enough . Somehow giving Jeremiah a bad review feels like kicking a run over dog . If this show was a little worse , if that 's even possible , Jeremiah might be considered camp , kitsch or even funny . But its not ... it 's just really worthless .
 First , a little story background
 I tried to sit through Season 1 of this and could not make it past episode 4 . An intriguing story but way too many plot holes -LRB- clean teeth , clothes , everybody looks healthy ?? -RRB- . The action/fight sequences are so poorly done they remind me of those horrible low budget movies the sci-fi channel pumps out . The acting by the two main stars is ok but everyone else is terrible . Its a shame because I really wanted to like this and I loved Jericho and other well made shows like Farscape and Firefly . Jeremiah has a very low budget feel and look . The occasional swear word and brief nudity seem completely out of place too . Im sorry but I can not rate this show as high quality .
 In the old America , a black actor was n't hired just because he was black ; today the opposite happens
 `` Jeremiah '' is set in an alternate universe where everyone is blessed with a crystal clear memory of their early childhood years and a complete blank of what transpired between the ages of 12 and 27 . The premise is that 15 years prior to the show a virus wiped out every living human being over the age of thirteen . Left without parental guidance , electricity , television , movies or anything else , the orphaned children of the world spend the next 15 years eating canned food and killing one another - and somehow finding time to study history , read classic books and become wise and worldly and startlingly eloquent.Still , if you can manage to get past the notion that children left to their own devices would spend a decade and a half bettering themselves as human beings in between moping about how much they miss their parents and how unfair life is , if you can look beyond the unnatural dialogue and typical Straczynski preachiness , it 's pretty watchable , thoughtless entertainment . As an added bonus , you get Theo Huxtable and Dylan Walsh strutting around like they 're oh-so-bad , which has some unintended comic relief to the otherwise straightforward plots which occasionally club you over the head with their `` hidden meaning '' . Watch it if you 're a big fan of end-of-the-world settings . Skip it if you consider yourself to have any sort of standards .
 Wikipedia
 i saw epsisode one and either it was really good or it caught me at a bad time as what I enjoyed from episode 1 went quickly downhill , primarily from a lot of bad acting . Perry poses more than usual and is super-broody throughout . Former cast members of 90210 come in for a few episodes , but quickly turned me off with a graphic and long rape scene.I could see how the concept has a lot of promise as , after all , it 's what drew me to purchase season 1 . However , each progressive episode got a little worse and I stopped watching midway through the series . Maybe it got better , I do n't know but I doubt it seeing as how the series was terminated .
 Jeremiah is a caracter of belgian creators with a lot of limitations . In television we hear a lot of talk , a lot of lost philosophy , but little action and an indecision that tend to be mathemathicaly sytematic -LRB- like a desease -RRB- in the protagonist . Well , with basis on comics full of action we face pictures full of talk , cheap talk , probably for certain kind of people that without reading any book of Nietsch , Sartre , Kirkgaard or Plato , they fill full with this pansophy . An alternative series could be imagined and realized in a best way . This is what I think here in the city of Lisbon , in Europe .
 Huge scam here . I watched the entire first season as purchased content and tonight found out the Amazon does not have season 2 available . Seriously ? They will sell me a DVD . What a bunch of crap . I was pretty well sold on Amazon as my choice for streaming moveies through my television but now they want to rip me off into to buying the DVD of the second season . Amazon , get lost !!
 I 'm having a hard time watching this ; first , no communicable disease is 100 % , or even 99.99 % fatal , so there should be LOTS of unaffected adults still around from before . Anyway ... People complain , `` Yeah , man , nobody 's got electricity ... '' Did the wiring disappear ? The sockets ? The power-lines , the transformers ? Are n't there still big turbines at major dams ? So what 's the problem ? The problem is KNOWLEDGE -- how to run , and repair , all those things . How do you learn ? 99 %
 Saw the knock-off series `` Jeremiah '' when it was the classic Star Trek episode `` Miri '' , in which all the adults past puberty were killed by a virus originally meant to prolong life . Also saw it as the Canadian TV series `` The Tribe '' , in which all the adults are killed by some sort of plague . Also read it in `` The Kindling '' , by Jennifer Armstrong , a novel in which teenagers must care for the younger kids after a virus wipes out their memories and kills all adults.I laughed when the Amazon reviewer called the premise of `` Jeremiah '' `` intriguing '' . Well , the other works do n't have Luke Perry or pretty F/X . Maybe that 's the `` intriguing '' part of this latest adaptation of one of the most overused themes in Science Fiction .
 Juno Temple is promiscuous Danielle , a `` dirty girl '' from Norman High School in Norman , Oklahoma circa 1987 . In a special-ed parenting class , she is paired with fat , misfit and closeted Clarke -LRB- Jeremy Dozier -RRB- . Danielle wants to find the father she 's never met and Clarke wants to run away from the military school his dad is determined he attend to make him a man . The two hit the road for California with a bag of flour -- their classroom `` kid '' -- that sports a changing , painted cartoon face . With derivative box art that reminds of LOLITA , this film has nothing creative or original to offer and plays itself out as a witless vanity production . Abe Sylvia is listed as director and the startling cast -LRB- besides Temple -RRB- includes Milla Jovovich , William H. Macy and Mary Steenburgen ; they all do their best against the great odds stacked against them .
 Did n't order this movie and ca n't find a way to tell anyone about it . I feel my account was hacked . I `` did not '' and `` would not '' have ordered this movie
 Though it may not seem obviously so , coming-of-age films are difficult to pull off , because the balance one must maintain in order to offer just the right amount of sentimentality -- without crossing over into schmaltz -- is a tricky feat to master . In Dirty Girl , first-time writer/director Abe Sylvia makes things even harder for himself by setting the film in the nostalgic 1980s and promising a subversive edginess in his titular protagonist , a promiscuous high schooler named Danielle who embarks on a cross-country road trip with an unlikely partner in crime
 ROAD SHOW -LRB- 1941 -RRB- was one of the last films personally directed by Hal Roach -LRB- according to the credits , he had the help of Gordon Douglas , late of the Our Gang series , and Hal Roach , Jr. -RRB- . It 's a rather trifling waste of a lot of very appealing vintage talent.John Hubbard is a rich , handsome young man who leaves a variety of lovely young ladies waiting at the alter . When he feigns mental illness to get out of marrying his latest conquest , the golddigger has him committed to a mental institution , but he escapes with the help of Colonel Caraway -LRB- `` Of the caraway seeds fortune '' -RRB- , a crackpot who has invented a camera that takes blank pictures . Our two erstwhile nutcases hide out in a carnival run by the beautiful Carole Landis and her sidekick , the not so beautiful but much funnier Patsy Kelly . The cops , the golddigger , and some stray tramps are all after our heroes , for various reasons.The above plot is supposed to hold an audience 's interest for 85 minutes , but do n't count on it . Hoagy Carmichael contributes some songs , but `` Stardust '' these ai n't . A black rhythm group called the Charioteers sing most of the numbers , and they 're great , but the songs are so sparse they sing each one a couple of times , and frankly , four black men singing a number called `` Yum Yum '' only reminds me of `` Uncle George '' , the sideshow wild man , who chased the Little Rascals while yelling `` Yum ! Yum ! Eat ` em up ! '' in THE KID FROM BORNEO , a much better -LRB- and shorter -RRB- picture.Adolphe Menjou plays Colonel Caraway , and his character is the best thing in the picture , not totally insane but a few playing cards short of a deck . Patsy Kelly is funny , and so is Willie Best , Negro comic who plays a very nervous lion-taming assistant . On the other hand , why on earth did Roach sign Shemp Howard and Johnny Arthur for the picture , and then give them such slight parts , amounting to little more than cameos ? And why is Hubbard such a dull leading man ? When Landis spends much of the picture resisting his `` charms '' , we can totally empathize with her feelings . -LRB- Although Shemp is only in one scene , you 'll get a laugh out of him
 Given the cast , this is a shocking stinker . The plot rambles , whole scenes are ridiculous , there ca n't be more than a single laugh in this `` comedy , '' and the music is the worst Hoagy Carmichael you will ever hear . One feels sorry for the cast , especially Adolph Menjou , who has to play a nut , and Carol Landis , who had capabilities that Hollywood underestimated . And then there is poor Willy Best , whose ignorant and fearful black stereotype seems unusually cruel today . And Patsy Kelly , a talented comedian who appears in one embarrassing scene after another.This was meant to be a screwball comedy . It does n't come close . My copy goes in the wastebasket ; I would n't want to inflict this on anyone .
 I grew up watching and loving The Three Stooges . I do n't mind a good slapstick from time to time . I had heard of the famous `` road '' movies of Hope and Crosby . My wife and I are always up for some old school filmology . And so it was that I went into watching these road movies with some decent expectations of genuine laughs and liking the main stars -LRB- I 've liked them in plenty of other things -RRB- . I ended up being quickly disappointed . Beginning with `` The Road To Singapore '' I grew to quickly dislike the relationship between Hope and Crosby . I understand that this was at the heart of these movies but the constant usury between the two , with Bing always the older and always getting the girl , did not tickle my funny bone . And Hope 's constant mugging ! Ugh . The constant selling out your friend for money was tiring . After watching all four I felt that `` The Road to Zanzibar '' was only slightly better than `` Singapore '' , with a female couple parralleling Hope and Crosby 's schtick . `` Road to Morocco '' was the best of the bunch , with the two giving some nods and winks to the camera . `` Utopia '' followed the formula but threw in some -LRB- for the time -RRB- salacious commentary as the third wall was frequently broken . The relationships that they fell into with Dorothy Lamour and others were never close to real -- I 've seen lovebirds take longer to fall for each other than these pairs ! I 'm sorry to say that I , nor my wife , enjoyed these movies .
 With Buck Jones and Dick Foran as the heroes , accompanied by cowboy sidekicks Leo carillo and Big Boy Williams , and the presence of Lon Chaney Jr and Charles Bickford as villains with support from Richard Alexander -LRB- Prince Barin of the Flash Gordon serials -RRB- and Roy Barcroft -LRB- the one and only Mr Heavy of many serials -RRB- , how can Universal miss with this `` million dollar '' serial . But they did BIG TIME . Seeing one chapter after another , you get the feeling that you had seen it before . With but a wee bit change in locale or cirmcumstance , the gunfights , the chases , the ambushes , the fisticuffs are `` deja vuish '' . There is no `` trick '' to incentivize the viewer to stay on with this serial to the end -LRB- i.e. , a masked villain or some evil fiend whose idenitity will be revealed in the end -RRB- . After a ziliion bullets expended during the first 14 chapters with hardly any person getting hit or wounded , suddenly in the last chapter , the heroes become sharpshooters and finish off the villians in a span of one minute of gunfighting . This is absolutely a most boring and insane serial . The Alpha release is also bad in terms of picture quality -LRB- not clear and mostly faded -RRB- and sound -LRB- muffled and unclear at times -RRB- . If this chapter play was any good , I would have subsequently bought the VCI version -LRB- probably with better picture quality and sound at nearly 4 times the price of the Alpha release -RRB- . But this is a lame and sleepy serial so going through the agony of seeing this once is more than enough .
 THIS SET WAS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT . I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND FOR CHRISTMAS . ON ONE SIDE THE SIGAPORE DOES N'T PLAY AT ALL . THERE ARE PARTS THAT ARE NOT AS CLEAR AS THEY COULD BE . I GUESS I MISSED THE PART WHERE IT SAID THAT IT WAS BLACK AND WHITE . NOT A GOOD PURCHASE AT ALL .
 There are SEVEN `` Road '' pictures , not four . One more DVD product without the proper care and consideration a small child would have given it .
 This serial itself deserves 5 stars , but the Alpha DVD deserves none . Besides the print quality , Alpha has marked the DVD with their logo during the credits . Unfortunately , while VCI has a great looking print , they have also added their logo to the film many times . Logo 's do not belong on DVD 's that the consumer is paying money for . I 've noticed Alpha has their logo on DVD 's put out in 2005-2006 . I do n't know if they still do this . 2004 and earlier DVD 's have not had the logo . Regardless , I no longer purchase any Alpha DVD because of the logo issue .
 I managed to finish the Alpha release of RIDERS OF DEATH VALLEY . It nearly finished me ! If you have to have it , the VCI release is probably the better choice for sound and picture quality.The 1941 serial , a Universal product , is alternately goofy and tedious , with no resemblance to a taut chapterplay like FLASH GORDON , released only five years earlier by the studio . Way too long at fifteen chapters , it nonetheless makes an effort to tell a story with recognizable characters -- that is , characters with actual personalities , rare in the world of serials . Most of the actors , some of them well above average , seem to be enjoying themselves and the quirky script . Light humor is the order of the day among the Riders -LRB- good-guy vigilantes who are out to protect miners ' interests against corrupt businessmen and their hired guns -RRB- , with Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams and Leo Carillo playing a sagebrush version of the Bickersons , while Buck Jones throws in one wisecrack after another -LRB- often aimed at Carillo 's fractured English -RRB- . As Pancho , Leo Carillo plays a somewhat feistier version of the Pancho he would play alongside Duncan Renaldo in TV 's THE CISCO KID . Watching that series as a child , I had no idea that Carillo had already used the line `` Let 's went ! '' seven thousand four hundred and sixty-seven times before -- and all in this serial.Among the heavies , Charles Bickford 's Wolfe Reade stands out . A worthy villain -- he even scares his own men . Bickford had appeared with Garbo in ANNA CHRISTIE a decade earlier and looks annoyed at having to gallop around in the tumbleweeds with Lon Chaney , Jr.The town to which everyone repairs now and then is called Panamint , which sounds like something you might put on your toothbrush . Every establishing shot of the town shows the same horses clopping down the street and the same old timer sitting in the same spot , puffing on his pipe . Outside of town , the Riders really do seem to be in Death Valley -LRB- or on the moon -RRB- . They ride up and down the most inhospitable-looking crags and outcroppings of rock imaginable ; the horses have incredibly solid footing , as if they know that a stumble here would send them immediately to the glue factory . I found myself breathing a sigh of relief whenever they turned a corner and suddenly found themselves among the scrub and familiar boulders of Iverson Ranch , where it was finally safe for a cowboy to be shot from his horse.This was the `` million-dollar serial . '' They must have spent it on bullets .
 I really thought that it was impossible for a film starring Adolphe Menjou to be this bad . Menjou was capable of ably playing a variety of characters from villain to tarnished hero , and he was also very able at playing comedy . However , even the talented Menjou can not save this film . The plot is that young wealthy playboy Drogo Gaines -LRB- John Hubbard -RRB- gets cold feet on his wedding day , and decides to pretend he is insane . His jilted bride retaliates by having him committed . In the asylum , Gaines meets Carleton Carroway -LRB- Adolphe Menjou -RRB- , and together the two escape and join a traveling carnival . In time , and through a series of comic misadventures , Gaines falls for Penguin Moore -LRB- Carole Landis -RRB- , the beautiful leader of the carnival.The problem is that besides Menjou , the players are just not that talented , and the jokes are just not that funny . Also , neither the overall plot nor the mismatched romance is very compelling . Cut down to 20 minutes or so , this might have been an OK 1940 's comic short , but at 70 minutes it just seems to drag on forever . Hal Roach was capable of much funnier stuff . I would definitely pass on this one .
 Ok , so I watch a lot of stupid movies in order to fill a ballot of my personal awards that I pressure myself into making accurate and legitimate . I 'm a ` lists junkie ' and I feel the need to categorize and catalog what I feel is the best of the best . It 's like my own variation of ADD . In that attempt , I often find the dumbest films in categories like ` Sound ' and ` Visual Effects ' because , well , it 's hard to find a truly inspired film that uses those effects as a showcase . So , while looking for films from 1991 to see , I stumbled upon ` F/X2 ' and I thought , ` I bet this will have some great special effects ' . I was half right.One can not expect the special effects to be as top notch as recent ones because , well , this is a 90 's film . The effects are going to be dated . Sadly , in a year that brought us ` T2
 I just watched this movie on cable today and could n't look away because I was so entertained but not in the sense that the film makers intended . I kept laughing at the ridiculous MacGyver-esque schemes the main character devised to outwit dangerous professional killers . Formerly a creator of movie special effects , the main character is now an inventor of toys . So what defenses does he use when armed killers are chasing him ?? Toys !! This plays out like a rejected episode of MacGyver where hair spray , baked beans , and a life size robotic clown are all manipulated to decieve and ultimately defeat the hapless bad guys.I 'm not trying to be mean spirited here , and do n't mean to offend people that might like this film , but this movie is truly dumb and unintentionally hilarious . Btw , the quoted title for this review is from Siskel and Ebert 's review of this movie . After laughing hard at the grocery store scene of the movie I could n't resist watching the review on their web site . Watching Siskel and Ebert 's response to this `` true disaster '' was just as entertaining as the movie and much much shorter .
 Brown and Dennehy return in this sequel to the 1987 hit about a special effects man who stages a fake hit on an organized crime boss . Unfortunately , this film is more like a clone in many ways than a sequel.Once again , Brown 's character works with law enforcement to stage an event -LRB- you think he would have learned by now -RRB- this time to trap a killer . Again he uses his special effects tricks to get out of various scrapes . He once again gets in a fight with a hired killer , and once again throws food and kitchen objects at the killer-well you get the idea.This film is just too predictable to be very good . If they had taken the same formula and added a new twist of some kind it could have been a decent sequel . As it is , rent this one if you must see it .
 Not what I expected . I was hoping for a good survival movie , but this one was so slow to get to any decent action or story . I would not recommend buying it . Rent it maybe , if you are curious . Disappointing to me . Watch &#34; To Brave Alaska &#34; if you want a really good survival story .
 I searched for the G&S production of ` The Scorcere ' . This one said ` The Scorcer ' and ` Cox and Box ' , but the total runtime is only 39 minutes , and it looks like it starts with ` Cox and Box ' , so I ca n't see how it contains ` The Sorcerer ' at all !
 I stumbled across this movie while waiting on the phone to cancel my subscription to Real Superpass which I almost never look at . It turned out that somehow I had three subscriptions to Rhapsody and that my Superpass does n't expire until next year . While the rep was trying to get all this straight , I clicked on this movie because it was prominently displayed and I wanted to see if I could indeed watch a movie for free . At first , I could n't get the sound to work , but starting it over cured that . Then the video -LRB- but not the sound -RRB- stopped . Somehow by restarting and moving the cursor , that was fixed . The video was supposed to be `` high '' something instead of `` low '' , but the clarity was akin to my taking off my glasses while watching TV.I imagined that the movie would be a romantic comedy . Nope . `` Exploring Love '' has invented a new genre = extremely low-key , plotless , pseudo-deep mopey dopiness with pretty people in badly shot Miami . The hero , Sean -LRB- played by no one I had ever heard of - ditto all the other roles -RRB- is a good looking , former model , who with his best friend , Sebastian , a Hispanic of indistinct origin , runs a model agency , Magnet , that seems to have only one other employee . He beds beautiful young women all the time - they practically throw themselves at him . Enough of a fantasy to keep me watching . Nothing explicit or close to it is shown . Sean is approaching 30 , and he feels `` empty '' inside - he wants a relationship . He is estranged from his mother , who is in NYC , and his father who `` abandoned '' the family when Sean was little ; the father had had an affair and the mother hustled Sean off to Australia . Sean has n't seen the father since then . Sean does not seem to have had any education , but he is into religion , and occasionally talks with God . Things like , `` It 's up to you , God . '' Indeed , several characters talk about God , but always very briefly and in so vague a manner that you would be hard put to imagine that they belong to or have ever belonged to any religion . Sean was raised a Catholic , but now he 's more into Buddhism - though the only aspect of it we see is many short shots of Sean doing -LRB- I think -RRB- the lotus position . These meditations never reveal anything to him , but the shots are interspersed through the movie on a regular basis . When he finally speaks of what he believes , talking to yet another young woman with whom he has had sex , one who also is a former Catholic , but is now `` into '' Kabbalah , Sean expresses the vaguest idea that God is in all religions and it might be better if evil were not in the world . Since they can communicate so well , Sean thinks he is on the road to a relationship , but the viewer who can see that the woman is a crazy liar , knows better . -LRB- This girl has been sleeping with one of his two male friends , and - I think - ends up at the end - for the moment with the other . -RRB- Sean starts to get interested in a waitress - call her Sandy - someone in the movie is named Sandy - it might as well be her . She is nice , intelligent , SANE -LRB- I ought to say something about that in a minute -RRB- and loving . She also is the only person in the movie with any goals ; she is saving up to open an art gallery - which she does with apparent success . She does stand him up on their first date , for reasons she mumbles so quickly I did n't get them , but Sean tries again and when - inevitably she hurls herself at him , he asks her to `` chill '' because he wants to get to know her . -LRB- Did I mention that she looks like Sandra Bullock only a lot prettier ? -RRB- A nice relationship develops.A word to the side about sanity . Several of the girls with whom Sean gets involved exhibit textbook symptoms of mental disorder . Sean does not notice . When the women act out , he has almost no reaction except to tell them that he is sorry that things did n't work out and they will be friends . Voila ! Instantly , they are cured . We never see them with him again . All this is connected to the fact that Sean is so low-key that he is passive . He does not initiate much of anything in the film . We may have found an actor less expressive than Keanu Reeves -LRB- though I thought that position was already taken by a rubber tree . -RRB- Sean decides that to break through whatever is holding him back emotionally he must make amends -LRB- though he has done nothing wrong - the movie may have gotten the concept mixed up -RRB- with his estranged father . He does - twice - and , if there was a break through , I missed it . Sean does manage to sound whiney in his big dramatic scene in which he asks his father if he left the family because he did not love them . -LRB- The father says no - what else could he say ? -RRB- Nothing changes.Sean 's partner , Sebastian , early on has a scene in which he is moody because he is thinking about the sister who died 5 years prior -LRB- apparently at the hands of drug dealers - it was hard to hear . -RRB- Now , he has `` no one . '' Then the movie forgets about this for about an hour.Suddenly , he disappears for a few days , comes back and begs Sean to loan him $ 10,000 he owes `` not to banks '' . Sean , who basically gives in to everything , says ok , but Sebastian is found the next morning on a couch in the ofice with coke all over the table -LRB- a wasteful wastrel -RRB- . Shortly , thereafter , Sebastian comes out of a club with one of Sean 's old -LRB- and crazier -RRB- exes . A mean looking guy in a van shoots him once as the van cruises by . This is a neat trick because the girl is standing between the van and Sebastian , who ends up in a hospital with Sean sleeping in a chair by his side . When Sebastian 's eyelids flutter open , so do Sean 's - can you see where this is going ? Sebastian has taken up with drugs because he feels alone and empty , with no one in whom he can trust . -LRB- Sean apparently not counting . -RRB- There are no police , nurses or doctors . The whole topic simply drops out of the movie , though , if I were a drug dealer , I would maintain interest.Now the interesting part -LRB- not really . -RRB- Sean starts to have questions of what it might be like to be with a guy - say in a threesome . This is about half way through the movie and after about thirty years of his never having had any such thoughts , but he sees a gay couple at the restaurant where he and Sebastian go and where Sandy waitresses . Sean is disgusted and thinks it is wrong , but Sebastian believes in live and let live . A while later , on a beach , they tell each other that they love each other , but purely in a manly way . Later , they are watching a futbol game on TV , and Sean starts up a series of `` Did you mean ... ? No . Did you mean ... ? No - pause - if I had , would you have been interested ? '' questions . Of course , they did and of course they would . Hand touches hand . Next thing , in the morning they are in bed together . Sean is so confused . He really has `` feelings about '' Sandy , but he tells Sebastian `` I 'm crazy about you man ! '' , the most emotion in the movie . They talk about what to do - would Sebastian be like Sean 's mistress ? Nothing is clarified.Finally , it is Sean 's thirtieth birthday party . He is there with Sandy and Sebastian is with one of Sean 's exes . The father is with his girlfriend - etc. . There is toasting . Sean wanders outside alone and sits down by the waves . He thinks something like , `` It 's hard to figure out love . `` End of movie.OK - the real questions here are why did I bother to watch Exploring Love in the first place and why have I written so much about it ? First , I am the kind of person who can get interested in almost anything . Second , I do not know and have never known any people like those in the film - it was like seeing a new species - I wanted to know how and about what they thought . The film either shows me that they do n't much think or , more likely , the film makers did n't . So why have I written this tome ? I am compulsive , but it seems to me that - after all - somehow - the film is interesting . It 's like Bergman done by children who have been exposed to pop psych . It 's a kind of cultural artifact - maybe , on some level , it does hold meaning for some people , at least assuring them that they are not alone in their confusion . Despite all my derision , I found myself strangely touched by the film . It 's bad ; it 's shallow ; it 's cheaply done ; it does n't make much sense , but I have found myself looking at waves and alone in my confusion . This film tried to do something serious , I think - it failed utterly - but how can you not love those who try ? -LRB- One footnote . One of the Amazon Tag suggestions - indeed , the first - is `` lesbian romantic comedy '' - this is not at all a lesbian film , it really is not romantic , and there is no humor in it . -RRB-
 PURE MST3K fodder . My girlfriend and I couldnt stop making fun of this film . Tries to be NEO-NOIR , then in the middle of the film they say , ok lets be a dark comedy ? FAIL ! So many HORRIBLE one liners , horrible acting by CHURCH , Shue is so hot in her lingere though so that alone is worth a watch . LAUGHABLE , enjoy ripping this film apart as much as I did .
 I like Joan Severance so I purchased this movie . I 'm afraid Joan has outlived her hay day , if she ever had one . This movie was poorly written and the acting was not well done .
 Is this a joke ? Unwatchable ! Horrible ... Worse than a B movie ... there is no letter for how awful this was . I want a refund . Oh my lord .
 A married woman has an affair with a male high school graduate . This is a B-movie meant for those seeking titillation.Wearing my feminist cap , it 's good that older woman-younger man movies can be made and not just older man-younger woman ones . But that 's where the good stuff stops . In typical , heteropatriarchal fashion , there is female nudity here , but no male nudity.In the same way that `` Juwanna Mann '' asked all the given questions about a man posing as a female basketball player , this asks all the questions you 'd expect . Will the husband find out ? Why is n't the younger man seeking women his age ? Will the younger man 's parents find out ? How long can this relationship last ? It 's funny that many American filmmakers and television producers are squeamish about teen sexuality , and yet the young lover here is constantly drinking alcohol though he 's probably 18 and not 21 . The ending may surprise some , but it will be obvious to many .
 this movie was a waste of my time and money . the only good thing about this movie is it ended !
 Definitely not worth the time to watch . Acting sucked . If they were trying to portrait underground movies of the 1960 's - they missed the mark . I do n't think I have ever seen such poorly trained actors . Hope they did n't get paid . There should be a rating of Zero , One star was too good a rating for this crap .
 terrible . not worth the money for a used/new one . terrible acting and plot line . i usually like this cheap and strange movies , but i absolutely did n't like this one .
 Do n't even remember watching it , could not have been very good ! Whoever created this should find another career . Best of luck !
 Why would you make a movie about a bad movie . The most horrible piece of CRAP I have seen in a long time ! A nightmare !
 Christopher Guest is a creative spirit who has been able to make some very funny films like ` Best In Show ' where his technique of avoiding a script by giving his cast of actors an outline as matrix for a scene , letting them ad lib the idea a couple of times , then accepting the second or third take as the final product - pasting all the bits together in the edit . Sometimes it works
 Christopher Guest has directed some brilliantly hilarious films
 I am a huge Christopher Guest fan so I have all of his movies and I bought this to round out the set . I was greatly disappointed because the soundtrack was sadly out of sync . I saw the original in a theater and this was not Guest 's intention .
 This was one of the more lowkey of the Christopher Guest films . It 's not as quirky as Waiting for Guffman nor is it as wonderfully guady as Best In Show -LRB- I ca n't speak for A Mighty Wind as I 've yet to see it -RRB- . What carries all of Guest 's films are his reprising emsemble and the characterizations they give . I just did n't feel it here for some reason.As many other reviews have said , Catherina O'Hara brought it . She was about the only one . Everyone else here fell flat or was just a minute step above flat . The characters just were n't truly Guest appropriate.The parodied inside look at the Oscar race was brought together well . There were inside jokes about the industry and acting that I caught , but once again , with the characterizations given , not many of the jokes were pulled off.The ending also was just a little sub-par . It left me feeling pretty empty , just like the entire movie . Or maybe that was the point ? The characters at the end felt pretty empty because of the way their lives played out so maybe it was the intention of the film to let me feel that way ? I do n't know , that 's not usually Guest 's intentions . I 'm usually left feeling giddy and happy after his films . This one , not so much .
 as is Harry Shearer . Both of them give humorous and well-tailored performances , and both display their comic timing chops . And although some of the perennial comic favorites -LRB- Ed Begley Jr. , John Michael Higgins , Jennifer Coolidge , Eugene Levy -RRB- of moviemaker Christopher Guest all show well here , the movie itself is a mess . Guest moved away from mockumentaries to straight comedy , and his running joke is how serious film participants take the `` Oscar '' business . Even really , really bad movies -LRB- as Guest 's fake `` Home for Purim '' is -RRB- and their casts have uniquely silly reactions to the thought that some performances/characters may have a chance at an award nomination . Their motivation becomes awards , not filmmaking.I attended the first showing of the film here in Tampa on Wednesday , along with half a theater full of people who enjoyed Guest 's past efforts ; his cynicism mixed with zany performances and wistfulness for topic material -LRB- stage productions , dog shows , bluegrass music -RRB- . We laughed loudly at bit parts -LRB- e.g. when a beloved character finally shows up on screen , or our first glance at Catherine O'Hara 's character in her `` Oscar-waiting '' incarnation , complete with breast implants and botox . -RRB- We tittered a little at not unexpected complications , -LRB- as when the film 's character is changed from Purim to Thanksgiving to draw down its `` ethnicity '' as per studio instructions -RRB- . We waited for the subtle humor to set in and then really take off . And then we sat , wide-eyed , as Guest closed out the movie with a ton of loose ends and laid an egg . We looked at each other , embarrassed that we 'd come to the movie with such high expectations , trying to find some way of liking it . There is none . It feels like he lost interest , and let me tell you , the incredible early praise he 's received from many film reviewers is all just crap . If you 're a Guest enthusiast , you 'll be dismayed at this effort . If you know nothing of Guest and see this movie because you 'd love a subtle comedy ... you wo n't find it . If you , as I did , take a good friend or relative that you 've been trying to interest in Guest 's work ... well , you may never live it down!Just awful . One extra star for Catherine and Harry .
 I count myself a huge fan of Christopher Guest and his assembly of some of the finest comic actors of our time . When I read on IMBD over a year ago that this movie was coming out , I have to say that it was the only film of 2006 that I anticipating in advance with pleasure . It did n't matter to me that Guest had announced that he was setting aside the mockumentary format , so long as his imagination -LRB- along with Eugene Levy 's -RRB- and the acting of this great ensemble were on display . I even relished some of the digs Guest had planned for those in the industry who survive on Oscar fever.So here 's the deal
 This is hardly a skewer folks . This is a mean-spirited snippy and childish attack . I was quite disappointed , for like most of the reviewers here , I had enjoyed Guest 's previous films , though to my mind Best in Show was the most enjoyable and Waiting for Guffman a bit malicious and snide . But this just lays a whopper of an egg . Generally unfunny , tedious , and mean , it feels like payback rather than satire.There is no humor . Sure there 's a funny moment here and there , but every one seems to think too much of themselves , with Ricky Gervais especially cocksure and irritating as he plays David Brent all over again . But the expected lampoon of Hollywood and award shows never materialized . There was nothing about Academy Awards , just the intense laughing at feeble and vapid people wishing for recognition in a world where that is the only measure of success . No redeeming characters , just selfish self-absorbed bores . Not worth paying attention to.The cast performs admirably , with , not Catherine O'Hara , but Harry Shearer most worthy of recognition . He makes the lack of material not quite so noticeable when he is on screen . But this is one of those movies where you see all the things that were supposed to be funny , the former weiner man as a potential award nominee , the sleazy money lady , the `` suits '' who get the movie 's name changed , the creepy little agent who lies and inflates , the ignorant , pompous host , and the ventriloquist weathergal , all these laugh riots in discussion turn into a big yawn on the screen . The longest 80 minute movie I 've endured .
 Mr. Christopher Guest has redefined the word `` mockumentary '' . With his impressive repetitive cast outings such as `` Waiting for Guffman '' , `` Best in Show '' , `` A Mighty Wind '' , and the cult hit `` This is Spinal Tap '' , Guest has proven himself time and time again that humor lays within the real person - the underdog - the least hopeful within the stories . He has made us laugh again and again with catchy characters , powerful rhythm , and a rediscovery of the language which allows for stronger comedy . He is the master of his trade , but recently he has gone off this golden path and lost his way through mainstream cinema . `` For Your Consideration '' boasts bigger cameos , bigger sets , and a bigger concept , but lacks in the originality that we obtained in his earlier films . Guest seems to be pushing the envelope with Hollywood in this feature , but it is n't funny - it is random , chaotic , and emotional when it should not be . Being a fan of Guest 's earlier work , I was initially excited about this outing , but upon viewing it just did n't gel together - emotionally or passionately like Guests other work . This seemed like Guest made a film to spoof the industry , but instead created a dismal look at how comedy can self destruct , even with your regulars trying to make us laugh.Guest announced in 2005 that he would stop making the `` mockumentary '' because he thought they were not funny any longer . Hoping to see bigger and braver things from this pioneering director , I hoped `` For Your Consideration '' would be a fresh chapter in his repertoire of films , but alas , it was nothing of the sort . To begin , the characters seemed stale and uncharismatic . As a `` mockumentary '' , the audience may have had the opportunity to see these actors consume their roles , to build unknown back stories , or to challenge themselves to take their character to the limit , but it never happened as a full-feature film . This was a regular comedy that fruitfully never picked up speed , never pushed the limit , and tried to use similar Guest techniques that would have only worked as a mockumentary . It began to implode with the characters , since we could n't see them talking directly to us , we had to follow their moves - watch them as they failed , and attempted to make us laugh with their irregularities . Again , what would typically make us laugh in a mockumentary-styled film failed at this level . To demonstrate the error , let 's begin with Catherine O'Hara . In Guest 's work , she is typically a staple of comedy . Her portrayal of Mickey Crabbe in `` A Might Wind '' was phenomenal , but in this film it seemed forced , unfunny , and catastrophic . From the opening scene , O'Hara never really defines her character . Is she pushing for freedom , is she ignorant to the truth , or is she trying to fit within the Hollywood scene ? Valid questions that never quite get off the ground as we are bombarded with more and more `` guest '' characters that push this little film into non-existence . Harry Shearer is another example , typically he is genuine in his roles for Guest , but in this feature he just felt stale . He was n't trying to be funny , nor did he push any level of comedy . The entire hot dog bit was clich&eacute; , as was Eugene Levy 's performance as his agent . I think that is where problems occurred in this film - there was n't anything original about Guest 's characters in this film , and I think the actors knew it . Fred Willard was the only humorous element to this film - giving us the exact same performance as he did in `` Best in Show '' . This may not have been a mockumentary , but it would have been a mockumentary that would have saved this little feature.Guest had trouble behind the camera with this film . His camera work seemed staged and oblique . There was no questioning scene that pushed the limit or forced us to see Guest in a new light . He teased the audience , giving us hopes that midway through this film he would transform it into a mockumentary , but alas it never happened . The stages were set , but nothing happened . I could n't tell if it was the actors that were n't as funny , or Guest 's vision was just weak . As a viewer , you find yourself standing outside of this film . You know what Guest 's potential can be , yet when you watch this you know that there are just actors playing actors playing preset roles . The addition of Ricky Gervais , Sandra Oh , and Rachael Harris made this Guest film feel like a downtrodden Woody Allen film . Was it a homage to him ? The building blocks of this story were weak , thus the entire structure seemed to fall when the pieces fell apart . Comedy was horrible , the story was non-existent , and the actors just seemed used and tired of the time , place , and story.One other aspect that bewildered me , is anyone else tired of the sad , unsung heroes of Christopher Guest 's films seeming like they are being stepped on each minute of the feature . They were fun in `` Waiting for Guffman '' and `` Best in Show '' , they were endearing in `` A Mighty Wind '' , but in this film they just felt hurt , and at times violent . While I did chuckle at Willard showing up at the non-nominees doors the next day , I thought that crossed a line from funny to violently sad . Again , I did laugh , but not in that boisterous `` Christopher Guest '' sort of way . I think that best defines this film , it had its moments , but overall it just felt bland . There was no flavor . The actors realized this , but Guest continued with this sad little project . Not a positive mark on his report card.Overall , I was n't impressed . This late in the game there is a level of necessity needed , either step up your choice of films -LRB- like direct a drama or science fiction -RRB- or continue growing the genre you have exploited . `` For Your Consideration '' will have some chuckling moments , but nothing that screams amazing . Guest could have strengthened his role as a comic genius by creating this same film under the guise of a mockumentary and it would have been phenomenal . There was a lacking air of originality with this film and the actors genuinely did n't fit their parts . This was a sad film that could have been more . I saw the potential , but nothing came out of it . I will continue to give Guest a shot with his amazing backlist of films , but a continuation of this type of film will lessen his appeal . Watch it once , but not a film to keep in your collection.Grade
 I ` ma HUGE Christopher Guest fan ! Two of my favorite all-time movies are Waiting For Guffman and Best In Show . However , For Your Consideration did n't seem to live up to my expectations . I actually found the deleted scenes funnier than the movie itself . I hope this is just a lull in their film-making . The seemed to have left the whole mockumentary formula with this one and some of the things just were n't funny . I hope they rebound with their next film!Tom
 I love the movie ' A Mighty Wind ' and I consider ` Best in Show ' to be one of my favorites , but ` For Your Consideration ' does n't come close . Look at other reviews for the plot details , but this movie is not worth watching ; even if all you want to do is keep up with Guest 's work . It just does n't come together like his previous efforts .
 I liked Best in Show , but this movie is just plain awful . I starts out slow , gets slower in the middle and has no pulse by the end . I watched until the end so that I could review it honestly . It got to be painful . Watching ants would be more fun . Do n't waste your money . There is n't a funny line in the whole movie . This is truly bad .
 I 've enjoyed some of this groups previous films.I was excited about seeing this and did n't find much to laugh at .
 I am a HUGE Guest fan . I have loved each and every movie so far ... this one however SUCKS . If you are an actor in Hollywood , you may understand some of the inside Shtick , but for us regular people it just plain sucks . Instead of spending $ 20 on this piece of garbage , take that $ 20 and buy one of Guests earlier movies ... Waiting for Guffman , or Best in Show . If you alreayd have these movies , buy yourself a nice lunch , at least you know you will enjoy it while it lasts . In fact , I would rather mow my lawn than watch this movie again . I would give it negative stars if I could .
 I made the mistake of only reading one review of this movie before I saw this and the only thing I took away was that it was n't very funny . I have known and loved all the other movies Guest has made and so figured that it would grow on me.My wife and I watched with our jaws on the ground . This is not only not funny - it is depressing . The ending felt even more nasty and hateful than the original ending of Guffman -LRB- available as a special feature -RRB- where the characters were all absolutely miserable chasing their naive dream of celebrity.We were left feeling hollow and depressed after this and we had to throw on Guffman - just to make sure we were n't losing it - we were n't . Every filmmaker has a down moment - this is Guest 's . Let 's hope that his next film embraces more of the qualities that make his films so unique and fun.alec ...
 Bought this movie based on the reviews I read . Probably be the last time I do that . This flick is so boring everyone -LRB- 5 people -RRB- in the room was nodding off . If there was anything at all funny in it we certainly missed it . Was allowed $ 5 credit for it when sold it back to the store .
 Alright , we get the punch line first ... A veteran actress in an independent filmhears a rumor that someone on a bulletin boardon one of the countless movie/Hollywood websitesmentioned the word `` oscar `` in association with her role in the film within this film.That 's the punch line of the film . The workaround -LRB- i.e. . THE PLOT -RRB- they present us with to get to the actual joke is so tedious and disturbing it 's insane.And in NO WAY is it funny.Sure , they are poking fun at the event horizon of an online discussion by unknown people having any influence on the movie industry or the Academy ... Sure , the film was pretty much a total impromptu session , but it 's just plain boring and weird.Sure , weird is good . I like weird . But this is just not my kind of weird.When the BOTOX element comes into play , everything falls apart as Catherine O'Hara tries to work around a pair of inflated cheeks that make her look like a Marionette that even H.R. Geiger would have a hard time looking at . Truly disturbing.Performances are staggering and lack depth or confidence . Casting in some cases is just off the wall . And the ending ? Just a couple of quick lines and hard cut to black with the credits . No conclusion , no resolution , no real motivation and just plain sad.Some people will like this film . I did not.I do NOT recommend this on anyone , but you can view at your own risk.p.s . Think American Pie , minus the teenagers ... Not Good .
 it had some funny parts , but was disappointing overall . I wish it would have been a mockumentary instead . Definitely wait to see it on DVD .
 I DVR 'd this movie because the 10-word description on the movie guide looked interesting . We watched about 45 minutes of the movie by sheer force of will , and then gave up and fast forwarded through to the end . We found the story quite slow and full of interruptions that were intended to be funny but simply fell flat . The storyline is about a movie in production that is at first about a brother and sister coming home for Purim to see their mother who is very ill . Somewhere after the first half of the movie , Purim is changed to Thanksgiving . One of the actresses is told that there is a rumor on the Internet that the film will be nominated for an Oscar . This turns out false , and the ending is about the reactions of the actors . Very strange film that we found too boring .
 I TRULY WANTED TO LIKE THIS MOVIE ... for I am a very , very bigChristopher Guest fan . He is a member of the English aristocracy -- I am a dyed-in-the wool Anglophile . He can act , produce , direct , and write music . I have acted , and I have written many melodies.He is a Liberal . I am a Moderate , who can see good in ALL well-mean-ing people . He is married to the American actress , Jamie Lee Curtis.I am an American , born in Brooklyn , New York!So you would think I would be excited , delighted , and thrilled to seemy first Christopher Guest film . And I really was -- until I saw themovie . I am very , very sad to say that `` For Your Consideration '' wasone of the three worst films I have ever seen . -LRB- I KNOW there must beat least two other films I disliked as much ... I just ca n't seem tothink of their names at the moment ... -RRB- This `` comedy '' did not make me laugh once . Some the actors tried hardto make a go of this lame movie . -LRB- Forgive me , parapalegics , butseems to be the only term that will fit here -- and no human para-palegic -- or quadraplegic -- could ever be as `` lame '' as this movieis . -RRB- But no actor -- not even Sir Laurence Olivier -- could makethis agonizing movie shine for the audience.I have tried , very hard , to find SOME good scenes in this movie . Andyou know what -- I actually have ! -LRB-
 This movie is great ! I ordered it for a friend as a surprise gift on July 20th . It 's August 25th and she still has n't received it . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS GUY !!
 Coming off of their wonderful `` A Mighty Wind '' , the McKean et al improvisational troupe decided to try something different from their usual mock documentary style - a straight story with comedy * and * a bit of drama and pathos . Problem is , it does n't work . They 've got the usual troupe of talented actors , and the usual reliance on improvisation , but what they do n't have is a very tight story line , or very tight editing for that matter . The result is a bit of a mess.Individually , the scenes - which are more like like comic skits - are not bad - at least , most of them are not bad . Some are laugh out loud funny . A few of them just fall flat . Most are somewhere in the middle - not terribly funny but just amusing enough to keep you watching . The actors do n't all appear to be on the same page , either - or in the same movie . Some , like Eugene Levy , are playing for broad comedy . Others are going for a more dramatic approach . The overall effect is that the film never quite allows the viewer to step back and commit to a willing suspension of disbelief . It 's as if all the actors say their lines , turn , and then wink to the audience.Overall the feeling is one of detached amusement - you do n't really care about any of the characters . They 're all cartoons . When the movie tries for drama or pathos , as it does on a number of occasions , it does n't work for the simple reason that we do n't care about any of the characters . The one character who comes closest to being able to connect with the audience is the actress played by Catherine O'Hara , but before we get to her big moment of pathos , she , too , has been turned into an object of ridicule - and so when the directors wants us to sympathize with her , we have no reason to.As in many previous movies from this company , there 's a point at which the story peaks , and we get a `` three months later ... '' subtitle on the screen . The viewer expects a short wrapping up of the story lines - yet it goes on , and on , dragging out some stories and leaving the viewer completely up in the air on others.All in all , a mess . No matter how much you may have liked `` A Might Wind '' or `` Best in Show '' , skip this one .
 I 'm a fan of Christopher Guest and company , but this one was disappointing . There was n't much that was funny here , subtly or otherwise . Check out the bonus features for the deleted scenes , though - almost all of them are wonderful . Had they been left in the film itself , For Your Consideration would have been a better film .
 Both the theme and talent behind this project held so much potential , but it was poorly executed.I think the charm of previous Guest projects was that quirky stereotypes were played out and developed beautifully by the cast . The character development -- with a few exceptions , just was n't there . The luddite jokes seemed to be so `` inside '' that only the cast understood them.Yes , there are some priceless lines in this film . Some of the social commentary is indeed scathing , but not consistently enough to maintain the narrative . Catherine O'Hara gave an excellent performance . Carrie Aizly and Jennifer Coolidge were hilarious . Unfortunately , this was not enough to bring this disjointed to film together .
 The usual cast of a thousand suspects shows up on this latest from Christopher Guest but I did not laugh even once this entire flick . It 's just too Hollywood inside joke clever by half . The whole Hollywood insider has not been topped since The Player so although it 's a topic that is dying to be skewered again , this falls so flat it 's shocking.The extras are a complete waste , too.Sadly disappointing given the brilliance of Best In Show .
 I kept waiting for this movie to get started . The whole thing felt like a prolog . All the characters were caricatures . It was junior high school humor.Not funny , although it tried really hard . Reminded me of some of my college boyfriends , and that is not good .
 I had high expectations . I am a huge Christopher Guest fan ... his humor is so different but this movie ... yipes ... I fell asleep .
 Christopher Guest abandons the `` mockumentary '' format and drops this turd on us . Too bad . He 's once again pulled great performances out of Catherine O'Hara , Harry Shearer , and the great Fred Willard , who steals the show with his `` faux-hawk '' hairdo . The subtle humor that Guest fans are familiar with -LRB- `` Best in Show , '' `` Waiting for Guffman '' -RRB- is sadly missing here . There are a few laughs in the final thirty minutes , but they are n't worth the set-up .
 I did n't want it to be disappointing ... I really wanted to like this . But the sparkle was n't there . Boo .
 I think the best way to describe this movie is to say that I hope I live a long time from now . I want to live long enough so that , by the time that I die , I will have forgotten that I ever saw it . `` For Your Consideration ? Well I do n't think that I 've ever heard of such a film . '' I could die happy if only that were true .
 I 've never seen any of Christopher Guest 's work but `` For Your Consideration '' should n't be considered for much , other than a poorly cast misfire not quite eligible for a razzie . The story revolves around several characters all involved in one way or another with the making of a film in Hollywood . We see parts of the film being shot interspersed with snippets from a fake `` Entertainment Tonight '' - like show . Some of the main characters in the film within the film soon generate a bit of Oscar buzz and hopes and desires are brought to true life as the day of nomination announcements draw closer.I found the whole thing to be pretty drab and unpolished . I get the jabs at Hollywood and its pretentious , procedural stiffness , but everything in the movie feels so fake and contrived that I just sat with my jaw open most of the time trying to figure out what is so not funny about all of this . The actors are so completely miscast that I wonder if Guest owes something to these people or does he just enjoy their company so much that he had to hire them for these roles , then mix them up to play completely the wrong parts . One example of this would be Fred Willard , who is usually hilarious for his boy-like , clueless nature playing an over the top entertainment show host that is so ridiculous that it is n't even funny . What is with that hair-do ? It 's not funny , it 's just ridiculous . Most of the characters in this movie felt this way to me ; including a horrible use of John Michael Higgins . This fact can be proven by the example of `` The Office . '' His role was , although short , one of the best parts of the film . Maybe I should look into Guest 's previous work so that I can better understand and familiarize with his work but it 's unfortunate that I started off with this one .
 I did n't expect this to be another Waiting for Guffman or Spinal Tap or A Mighty Wind or even Best in Show -LRB- I own all of these DVD 's and love each of them -RRB- . But honestly -LRB- unlike a few other reviewers here -RRB- , I did n't think that For Your Consideration was even in the same ballpark . I think that Guest picked a great target -LRB- skewering Hollywood 's obsession with awards -RRB- but there was hardly any follow-through whatsoever . My wife and I chuckled , like , five times between the two of us . I 'm sorry , for a purported `` comedy '' that is just too few and yes , Catherine O'Hara 's performance was great but extremely maudlin for a `` comedy '' -LRB- unlike A Mighty Wind , which had its maudlin moments but balanced this with lots of comedy -RRB- . I 'm not sure what happened to the magic this team of actors had on earlier films like Guffman and Best in Show . Did Guest go with a straight-forward script this time instead of the usual ad-libbing ? I just wonder what happened , because I wanted to like this movie , and actually found myself working during the movie to find good things about it , but in the end the disappointment took over . Oh well . I still happen to think that Guffman is one of the funniest movies ever
 I do n't claim to be a huge Christopher Guest fan . I 've never seen one of his movies in theaters and this one was no different . However , I did get around to it eventually , and even though I was n't highly anticipating it , it still was a letdown . I love improv , and this group he 's put together is good , but honestly the quality keeps dropping from each project to the next , this being the most noticeable.Guest and Eugene Levy are fine writers and comedians , but it just felt like they thought they had a good enough idea and enough trust in the ensemble cast to make it funnier than it really was . The idea being a low budget indie called `` Home For Purim '' with relative unknowns -LRB- a washed up actress , a famous tv commercial personality who dresses up like a hot dog -RRB- who are all delighted to hear that there is some serious Oscar buzz surrounding their movie . An Access Hollywood type show covers the story and fuels the award flames . This cause a lot of strife on set , such as diva like behavior with actors feeling like they are in competition over Oscar attention and break ups over jealousy , etc. I genuinely like a lot of the cast . Parker Posey is always good , Catherine O'Hara does fine , Fred Willard is always good for a laugh . Unfortunately for this movie it 's starting to feel like Guest , McKean , and Shearer are coasting on their Spinal Tap fame . One thing that I think really could have elevated the material is if they had shot it fake documentary style like previous efforts with a few interviews thrown in there . They should have pushed the behind-the-scenes feel of it since it has proven to serve them well before . Honestly it was not that bad of an idea , it just was n't funny or well executed . I enjoy subtle humor in all it 's forms , but this just felt like lazy writing.I am impressed that this cast has stayed together for so long and been able to generate as much laughter over the years as they have , but I have to admit , whatever trick they pull out next , it better be a good one to redeem themselves for this .
 A huge disapointment . Too much Fred Willard as a byond stupid TV entertainment reporter . Sure the `` ET '' genre is ripe -LRB- byone ripe -RRB- for satire , but Willard is just plain stupid here . It makes me question how a talented guy like Guest could stoop to such lowbrow `` comedy '' . His usual intelligence and sharp satire are long gone here . He must not of had much else to work with to leave so much of Willard 's inane character in the final cut . Note to Willard
 While I really liked Best In Show and A Mighty Wind , I have to say that this movie was a complete letdown . I was embarassed to have put it on while guests were over and not stop it right away . Sheesh , what a let down . I got this free from the library and still regret it ...
 Story never developed . Waited and waited until it was over . Very disappointing . Do n't bother .
 I hate this movie big time & it Sucked!I remember when I went to the Movie Theatre with my older sister & her Fiance to see this movie!This movie was a huge disappointeed even my sister & her Fiance told me they hated this movie also.For Your Consideration did n't made no sence what that movie was about!When we saw this movie in the Movie Theatre we completely fell asleep.I 'm definetly not going to waste my money to buy this Crap of what they call a movie It 's Not Worth It !!!! And I Defintley Give this movie 2 Thumbs Down !!!!!
 now I like Satire 's from time to time , but this film never moved me at all . all the subject matters they were refrencing in this film were all predictable . nothing got my interest and I did n't really find much of anything funny or remotely interesting on a whole . i expected a bit more overall .
 *** CONTAINS SPOILERS *** Christopher Guest has given us cinematic magic before with such things as A MIGHTY WIND and BEST IN SHOW . Both had heart , comedy , and understated grace . But here with FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION , that previously successful recipe gets watered down so much that it killed the entire story . There were adequate moments -- thanks purely to Catherine O'Hara -- but they were seldom and lost amidst the scriptless format that director Guest so loves to play with.Guest reunites with his troupe of actors and tries his darnedest to give us some thought-provoking laughs . This time the story is about actors . Specifically , it 's a group of actors who are on their downward slope of their acting careers -LRB- or are on a slope that never existed -RRB- . Currently these folks are making a B-movie-ish title called ` Home For Purim . ' Catherine O'Hara , -LRB- MONSTER HOUSE -RRB- stars as Marilyn Hack -LRB- catch the last name there ? -RRB- , a B or C -- or however far down the alphabet you want to go -- list actress who 's name suddenly gets noticed in a Hollywood blurb on the web . The site mentions the word `` Oscar '' and Marilyn is beside herself with concern . Could she be listed as a nominee ? Oscar buzz grips the studio where ` Home For Purim ' is being filmed . A possible second nomination is also mentioned for another star of ` Home For Purim ' . The cast is electrified and divided . Feelings get bruised as some feel they should have gotten a mention or are jealous of the potential nominees.Acting agents get involved , producers fall over themselves to appease the distribution company -LRB- eventually changing the title to ` Home For Thanksgiving ' because ` Home For Purim ' sounds too Jewish -RRB- , and the cast prepares for the Oscar nomination list one fateful early morning.Needless to say , the buzz quickly peters out once the Oscar list is read and the two would-be nominees are n't on it -LRB- but someone else is ! -RRB- Christopher Guest tries admirably to show how hype does n't translate to success in Hollywood , and how wrapped up and self-indulgent everyone can become -LRB- Catherine O'Hara 's plastic surgery metamorphosis is actually quite funny -RRB- . But the short screen time -LRB- 86 minutes -RRB- rules out any possibility of getting to know these characters , which is pretty disastrous considering this is a character study film.Stick with Guest 's earlier flicks and you 'll be much happier with him as a whole .
 I had the chance to take in just one movie over the holidays and the one I wanted to see most was For Your Consideration . Waiting for Guffman and Best in Show are films I watch again and again , and I just knew that Guest and company taking on the pompous film industry would be a riot.Well , something went very wrong with this movie . Abandoning the mockumentary form was a big mistake . The film is a jumble of unconnected scenes and just lurches from one thing to another before a quickly wrapped up finale . But more than anything , it 's just not funny . I laughed exactly one time the entire 90 minutes.I was stunned when I walked out of the theater ... how could For Your Consideration be so totally unfunny ? Well , let 's hope it was a fluke and that Guest and his talented actors return to form the next time out .
 After being quite a big fan of Guest 's previous works , I was really excited to see what he would do with a more ` traditional ' comedy . The answer ? He found ways to insert the awkward improvised conversations into a ` traditional ' movie - and it does n't work at all . The saddest thing is that even the normally powerhouse performers of his ensemble could n't shine through . Very disappointing .
 I was very unhappy with this film and my two boys were too . It was not cute and clever ; rather , it was geared toward hard rock and sexual inuendo . It appeared to be created by goofy teenagers . I would definitely not recommend this . It 's not as good as , say , the Witch 's Ghost , the Wolfman or Cyberchase . Do yourself a favor , and consider skipping this one or getting it from the library . -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 I 've been a Scooby Doo fan all my life . I 've seen every incarnation of the show , all the movies from the 80 's and all the recent movies including Zombie Island , Alien Invaders , etc. . This is definitely one of the worst of the group , in my opinion . The villain in this movie has a very cheesy name , the music stinks and the end is very convoluted . Watching the Scooby Doo movies has been a strange experience , Of the 5 that I 've seen I loved 2 of them . The other three , including this one , stink ! if you 're a Scooby Doo Fan , do n't bother
 We here in my household are all fans of the animated Scooby Doo series . Original and new . Minus Scrappy of course ! I had somehow managed to miss this one and had never even heard of it . Well let me tell you , I 'm glad I only rented it . Its not funny , the accents are horrible , the story was lame and it just wasnt intersting . About the only good thing I have to say about it is a least the animation was good . If you are a die hard Scooby fan you can and should still pass this one up !
 I am a huge Scooby Doo fan -LRB- actually watching the first season right now -RRB- but I am so very glad I only rented this movie before buying it . It was LAME !!!! The jokes were weak and the plot was well it was okay , just okay . I didnt really like any part of it . I have almost every other movie they have done but will not be adding this one . This movie is the only animated Mystery Inc. . I feel this way about . I 'm sure younger kids will like this movie but all of us here thought it was awful . I give it two stars just for keeping Scooby sluething !
 Made from a purely propagandistic standpoint , `` Beginning of The Great Revival '' is a state sanctioned effort to commemorate the ninetieth anniversary of the adoption of that country 's Chinese Communist Party . As such , it is a celebratory and one-sided event that shies away from any unnecessary unpleasantness or critique to present the glories of enlightenment . On subject matter and perspective alone , therefore , the film can be viewed in a rather negative light . And justifiably so . But being pragmatic , a film can be distasteful and/or untruthful but still merit consideration from a historical significance viewpoint . Take , for example , Griffith 's `` Birth of a Nation . '' Morally and thematically reprehensible , it still helped define the language of film and is absolutely a masterpiece -- however wrongheaded and dangerous -LRB- and it was directly responsible for many deaths -RRB- . Obviously , I 'm not saying that `` Beginning of the Great Revival '' holds the same significance , just that I was willing to have an open mind and judge the film in different categories.History -LRB- 2 Stars -RRB-
 What a premise for a witty , malicious black comedy
 `` Nobel Son '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , a comedic dramatic crime thriller , was written , produced , directed and edited by Randall Miller , who might also have done the on-site catering , for all I know . The film does boast a number of stars , and does give some older ones jobs.Brit Alan Rickman , -LRB- the Harry Potter movies , Sweeney Todd - The Demon Barber of Fleet Street -RRB- evidently a very valuable man on a film site , plays the lead as Eli Michaelson , a chemistry professor at a California university who 's just , for reasons of getting the plot going , we must assume , been awarded a Nobel Prize . Rickman turns in one of his patented performances here , creating a truly dislikable character , egotistical , skirt-chasing , dishonest , nasty , and sarcastic . Mary Steenburgen -LRB- Nixon - A Presidency Revealed , The Grass Harp -RRB- plays Sarah , his long-suffering psychotherapist wife . Her real-life husband Ted Danson -LRB- Becker - The First Season , Cheers - The Complete First Season -RRB- has a cameo as Harvey Parrish , a fellow academic of Eli 's . Bryan Greenberg -LRB- Bride Wars -RRB- plays Eli 's eminently forgettable son Barkley , laboring over his master 's thesis . Danny De Vito -LRB- The Big Kahuna , L.A. Confidential -RRB- plays George Gastner , an obsessive-compulsive whom Sarah treats . The lovely Eliza Dushku -LRB- Dollhouse
 i bought because of alan rickman . he is great but this was not worth my time . my bad for buying it.however Wine Shock WAS a great movie where he is the star .
 While the cast for this film is stellar , and their acting is wonderful , the story , as it is , is garbage . There is nothing humorous -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- about seeing someone dig through their own fecies to find a key leading to a million dollars . Or cannibalism , which is also a component of the story . I am shocked that this film is receiving anything above 2 stars . Writers of the new millenia seem to have confused VULGARITY with comedy and we are left with films that leave us wanting to take a shower instead of making us laugh and feel good about the two hours we allowed this person 's imagination into our heads and lives . Great writers of our time had the capability to create suspense , drama , and even compassion for the antagonist , without taking us to the latrine of the writer 's subconscious . They left us thinking long after we watched , but for good reasons , not shaking our heads that not only did someone THINK of such things , but someone else bankrolled to have it put on film . If this story had been written by the great Alfred Hitchcock it could have been a classic with this wonderful cast . Or Joe Eszterhas who wrote Jagged Edge , another classic . All the suspense , twists and turns , without the human degredation . The reason I say this film is better classified as a horror is that it has the feel more of The Roommate , than Father of the Bride . Writers are confusing IRONY with comedy these days as well . This film will probably make you sick at heart if not literally sick , but I sure did n't see anything to laugh about .
 Shame on Alan Rickman for involving himself in this mess!The movie started off okay , but I was totally distracted by the awful techno music that played NON-STOP , no matter what the mood of the scene . Then the plot just got more and more ridiculous , the acting more and more terrible , and the music NEVER ended -LRB- in fact , it got worse -RRB- . The people who gave this movie more than one star must really like their techno ... Instead of watching this movie , just go to the local dance club and seek out the most obnoxious d-bag you can find . Then stand there listening to him for two hours while the repetitive electric music beats at your eardrums . That might actually be a more enjoyable experience than sitting through this utterly predictable and RIDICULOUS waste of time.Even with the stupid plot twists and bad acting , this movie might have earned a couple of stars if not for the terrible soundtrack/sound direction and editing -LRB- like the horrible swooshing sounds when they oh-so-dramatically show people moving in fast forward and then rewind and then fast forward again ... lame ! -RRB- . If this movie had been quiet , it would have made for a much more eerie experience and perhaps I might have given a fig about at least ONE of the characters.I give it zero stars , but Amazon is forcing me to give it one .
 I agree with Robert Horton 's review under the amazon.com Editorial Review section . Save your money and find another film to sit through .
 This movie was just completely ridiculous and stupid . There were two good things in it . One was the performance of Alan Rickman and the other was seeing Duschkue -LRB- sp ? -RRB- in various stages of undress . It was full of plot holes and things that just did n't make sense . One example a guy that can put an entire car together in an hour . And then the reason he did was totally stupid as when the remote control car was driven thru the wall he could have simply took the bag out of the hatch and drove the same car out of the store . There was no reason to have the second car or to have to put it together like they did.This movie was just dumb .
 This is one of the worse movies I have seen in a long time . While the concept is good , the acting is very poor , no research was done since the costumes were way off as was the dates used . In the beginning the date was shown as June 3,1943 then June 4th and yet the following scenes depicted Pearl Harbor as just being bombed . The actual WWII footage was the same and used over and over . It bounced all over with no flow .
 I have always loved this movie since I saw it in theaters , so this review has nothing to do with the actual movie , but with the blu-ray edition . I have this movie on DVD and there are special features on it , commentaries , deleted scenese , extended scenes . This blu-ray has no special features menu at all . I felt kind of jipped , on this blu-ray .
 I have a small confession to make . I did not watch this film in it 's entirity . 57 minutes into my descent toward death I managed to drag myself from the room by my left index finger , - the only part of my body able to survive the overwhelming physical depression . As I lay in the hallway willing my body back into action , I considered the possible motives anyone would have for inflicting this monstrosity upon the world . I came up with nothing , save the notion that some idiot somewhere thought that a bit of slow-motion jousting was a good enough premise for an entire film.This film is ` nt just bad , it 's debilitatingly naff . You wo n't laugh , you wo n't cry , you wo n't be scared , you 'll just be perpetualy bewildered for many weeks to come . I still wake up at night asking `` why ? `` Avoid .
 This movie has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever . Usually , a truly abhorrent film offers at least some opportunity for entertainment , by either laughing at its stupidity or poking fun at it Mystery Science Theater style . Not A Knight 's Tale . There is n't anything resembling plot continuity . The anachronisms are incredibly awful ... you can not suspend disbelief enough to actually accept these things happening . What 's worse is the fact that the attempts at humor fall flat as well . The only redeeming qualituy this film has is an attractive cast , but eye candy is n't nearly enough to save it.Don ' t waste your time . I know I wish I had n't .
 I ca n't beleive people went to theatres to see this abomination . I was forced to watch it to begin with and only stayed to finish it because of a morbid sense of curiosity that kept me watching to see how bad it could get .
 That 's a little more candid than I usually am , but `` A Knight 's Tale '' really got my goat , I 'm afraid . I saw it along with my equally `` AK ` sT '' hating sister at a preview SONY held before the movie was released.Other reviewers have commented about the anachronistic soundtrack and how delightful they found it , but it only annoyed me . Silly me -LRB- and sis -RRB- had come to see an authentic treatment of knights and pageants and got this unholy mess instead . Sis was particularly incensed at the buffoonish portrayal of Geoffrey Chaucer served up . That did n't have quite the resonance for me , but everyone has their issues , I guess . I was more ticked off at the stupid love interest woman who clearly thought she was `` all that '' , and like all who entertain such ideas about themselves , she really was n't . Why did n't they have Heath get together with the woman smithy who was making his groovy armor ? They could 've saved a salary and done something with the one truly interesting character at the same time.This is a movie you really have to WANT to see ; otherwise you 'll be wroth !
 The music in this one really puts you off the mood . Jousting and rock-n-roll just do n't feel right together .
 That it was Heath Ledger 's twin brother Heath BAR in this movie.I hated the `` new found '' rock music they played to try to upscale the movie . I probably would have liked this so much better if they 'd stuck with more ... periodic music.By far the most amusing and most fun was Heath 's would-be harald most of the time naked companion.Overall I wish this had been a much better movie .
 Without a doubt one of THE worst movies I have seen in a long time.I do not know if it was the horrific acting , horrific script or terrible direction or maybe a combination of all three.Do not waste your time and money . I saw that it received okay to good reviews so I decided to see it ... BIG mistake . There was a scandal shortly after this movie came out . Reviewers were receiving favored treatment , gifts and other perks in return for positive reviews.This explains it ! 3 wormEY rotten apples ... eck :-LRB- eck : o eck ; -LRB-
 Now I can forgive all the historical inaccuracies in this movie -LRB- and there were many -RRB- but what I can not forgive is the vacuous plot that frankly came across as if having been written on the back of a Starbucks napkin minutes before shooting on day one.Ledger seems a decent actor but here he was trying to hold this abomination together almost single-handed and failed miserably . As I mentioned , the plot was so obvious , I felt like maybe they producers had stumbled across one of my 4th grade essays and cribbed the movie from that . The acting , bar Ledger , was pretty ropey and the whole hi-hi-hilariousness of the movie failed miserably.A pleasant watch for teens and impressionable young women I 'm sure .
 Based on the current rating of this movie by others -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- , I must have been watching a completely different movie . He Will Rock You ? Here is a rare case of a soundtrack ruining a movie . Left on their own , the songs are great , I like Queen as much as the next gal . I should n't blame how much this movie sucks all on the music , the movie is chock full of lame dialogue , a cheesy and predictable plot and an unlikeable princess who is bitchy and useless , I only wish she 'd died somewhere along the way . The only saving grace to this movie is the inclusion of James Purefoy , but get out your magnifying glass ... his role is microscopic .
 P.U. !!! OK , the obvious thing is the horrible idea of using rock music as a soundtrack for a period movie . It is such a ridiculous and horrible idea that it 's hard to imagine anybody actually going along with it . Did the direcor have nobody to discuss these things with ? But the rest of the film is actually so bad that the crappy choice of music does n't really stand out the way you 'd expect it to.I 'm granting the single star here for Rufus Sewel who was put to much better use in Dark City . This movie might do to the cinematic knight what Don Quixote did to all those literary tales of knight errantry , i.e. kill it dead as a stone.If you see this movie in your local rental outlet , turn around and walk away quickly . It really is that bad .
 How could a movie with a brilliant cast , a great soundtrack , beautiful scenery and exciting action end up being quite dissapointing . Easy . I do n't know whose fault it is , but this movie can never decide if it wants to be a comedy or a drama and therefore fails at being both.The movie begins with Heath Ledger taking the place of a knight in a joust . The crowd begins chanting `` We will Rock You '' , and instantly you know this is going to be a different kind of movie.I 'm now prepared for a comedy , a different take on movies such as Gladiator and Robin Hood . Heath Ledger 's friends -LRB- including a young Geoffrey Chaucer -RRB- provide a lot of the humor and keep the laughs coming.Then the standard plot takes over with Ledger battling another knight for the affections of a girl -LRB- who is supposed to be some sort of royalty . -RRB- The girl ends up attending all of the jousts and Ledger wins her over . But the other knight is still his main rival and the movie concludes with them jousting to see who will win.This part of the movie turns into a drama . Ledger returns to London to find his father and then people discover he is n't a knight . Nothing is played for laughs here , and the sentimentality goes overboard.Then the final jousting scene occurs and it is nothing like the many scenes early in the movie . Nothing is done for laughs and there are no rousing intros by Chauser or crowds chanting modern day rock songs . Instead the focus is between Ledger and his rival Knight.Somewhere about two thirds through the movie , it quit being funny and started being serious . The movie lost me there because I did n't want it to be serious . I wanted it to be clever and funny like the first parts of the movie .
 Obviously , this movie is not meant as a strict period piece . So , I sort of can deal with the rock music . I can not , however , deal with the heroine Jocelyn . She is annoying at best . I have to agree with other reviewers , she does n't fit at all in the movie . Maybe if they had changed her hair , her clothing , her mannerisms . Just change something . Kate was much more interesting and no where near as strange .
 The film is a tale of three squires whose master dies prior to a joust that brings them their food and shelter . In order to to have food for the evening they decide that the youngest of them , whom has some talent , should joust and bring home a prize for food . This escalates and with the help of an unheard of writer they counterfeit family tree papers , which gives them the right to continue jousting and build wealth . Knight 's Tale is neither drama , comedy , or satire , since it uses all of these aspects to sell humor , morals , and values . Unfortunately , the value of the story vanishes when these three genres conflict with each other making one laugh at the film rather than the parody in the film .
 This is a movie that could have been extremely entertaining , but all its potential is totally destroyed by the lousy choice of female actors . No , let me rephrase
 This is a rather pleasant film set in a non existant fairy tale world . It features the Black Prince and Chaucer as characters but has nothing to do with history as we know it . The action takes place around jousting tournaments which give out large prizes . It is a sporting story transposed back into an ancient time.Our hero is a peasant who after the unexpected death of his boss a real knight dons his armour to win a tournament . He decides to try to make a living out of it . He runs into Geoffery Chaucer who he pays to fake a aristocrat background . -LRB- Only the nobs can compete -RRB- The main plot of the film is based around a rivalry between the hero played by Heath Ledger and a villian with a German name . Bound up in the rivalary over who is the best at jousting is a desire to wed the female lead.The film is strange the way it interweaves pop music and jousting performances and the female lead who dresses in contempory clothing . Still the themes of the film , a work ethic is more important than where you are born , and its good to be loyal to family are harmless enough.But its hard to take that a woman could be a blacksmith in the time period suggested or that the heroine would be allowed the indepandance that she is in this film .
 I notice the other Amazon reviews are high on this film . I wish I could say my opinion were as high of it . I found it flat throughout and I ca n't say that Heath Ledger , who I 'd heard was the next big leading man in the movies , did anything for me either . The rock music set to the medieval setting was good and the Chaucer character was a very good one and interesting to watch -LRB- a supporting role -RRB- . Rufus Sewell also made an interesting villain . However , those are the only virtues I could find in this action adventure yarn set in the medieval jousting world . If you are looking for a knockout script and knockout acting , look elsewhere .
 This movie ai n't too good . I have a multitude of problems with it . Heath Ledger is a peasant who worms his way into the knight class and is suddenly an unstoppable jouster after practicing really hard for only a month . By beating everyone who comes in his path he is sure to make his mark in the tournament championship.The jousting scenes are nicely done and shot , but there 's an endless amount of them ! One after another after another . A third of the film 's running time would be cut out if they only gave us a streamlined version . It gets tiring seeing the same joust situation over and over again.Another gripe of mine is that I thought this movie was supposed to have a level of campy humor . It might have , but I did n't see it . There are as many `` funny '' lines as I have fingers on my hands . There 's too few lines of humor to make it campy so it 's pulled back into a mediocre drama.The characters are n't much to care for either , especially Heath Ledger 's romantic interest . She 's royalty and thus is to wrapped up in herself . She 's too cold for the audience to like.There might be some entertainment for some groups in this . A positive to this movie is in the skill the jousts are executed , but besides a swordfight , those are the only action scenes in the movie and they get old real fast . Too much style , not enough plot or character development .
 this movie is so bad . i never inteneded on seeing more than an occasional preview on tV of this , but somebody brought it to my friend 's party and evryone just HAD TO watch it . Heath Ledger is ugly , and the fact that that stuck up brat Jocelyn was wearing bright yellow dresses and sporting blue hair extensions certainly didnt add any authenticity to it . Oh and then , AND THEN ! `` We will rock you '' comes on and wow , I 'm really sucked into the story , its just soo ... MIDEIVIL ! I almost hate to tell you about Chaucer , the only amusing thing in this boring bleh of a movie . Chaucer 's gambling habits make him lose his clothes to gypsies , twice ! he is funny , but not enough of a consolation to watch this peice of garbage .
 A Knight 's Tale will go down in theatrical history as one of the worst films ever made , earning a spot next to Ishtar!While the predictable script is bad enough it is accompanied by a modern soundtrack that deviates from the era in which is suppose to be portrayed . Also the wearing of modern clothes by the princess detracts from the essence of being a princess.This movie was so bad , that if I were n't at a drive-in , waiting to see the other feature , I would have left.SAVE YOUR MONEY ! DO N'T SEE THIS MOVIE !
 I expected this to be pretty bad , but when i had first heard that Heath Ledger was doing a Knight 's Tale i had high hopes of something worthy of the screen . My stomach lurched when i saw the first trailer with `` We Will Rock You '' and other rock songs . Now , an era movie with modern rock music is bad enough , but it got much much worse . The Rock music was n't merely a sound track but supposedly music of the time period and the characters dance , sing and clap to it ! The opening of the movie pretty much set the tone for me , villagers and peasants of medieval times `` rocking '' . What is the point of setting this in that time period if the aspects of such a time are n't respected ?? The costumes were outragious and completely wrong for the basic time period -LRB- see through gauze dresses for the leading lady , impossible hair styles for the times , etc -RRB- . We are talking about a time when a christian woman must be modest and decently covered . No ankles showing , hair covered etc. . Either do the movie as a proper `` historic '' type of fiction or bring it completely to modern times and have the jousting in the SCA tournaments.The ONLY redeeming virtue of this film was the jousting scenes which were fun to watch and which they actually did some research and training for . The villian was , of course , too good for the movie . . i can only hope the actor had no idea what he was getting into . He was great in Dangerous Beauty.It 's pretty sad , but I enjoyed Ten Things I Hate About You when i saw it on DVD because i had refused to see what i thought of as a `` teeny bopper '' movie when it came to theatres . I did the opposite with this film , which was nothing but a total waste of time . Though i would n't have minded so much if it was just purely jousting scenes with all the other nonesense cut out!I gave this 1 star for the jousting ... and that is it . The plot , the characters , custumes were a joke.Basically if you want to watch Heath 's pretty face go ahead and buy this movie , if you are a `` purist '' or know one thing about medieval times do n't even bother , you will get frustrated and bored . If they come out with a `` jousting clips '' DVD , sign me up!Sorry , Heath , I hope you do n't disappoint me next time .
 In `` A Knight 's Tale '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- director Brian Helgeland has attempted to transport the Medieval world of jousting into a modernized context that a 21st century audience will recognize and understand . For a post-literate , modern Western culture the complexities of Western medieval society and culture and , more specifically , the joust , make Helgeland 's efforts daring , almost fool-hardy . Yet , initially , Helgeland appears up to the mark . He appropriately portrays jousting as the sporting event of Western medieval society . Not that there were not other equally popular sports -LRB- e.g. hunting ; wrestling and boxing ; horse racing ; football -LRB- soccer -RRB- ; lacrosse and hockey ; tennis -RRB- , but there are few correlations between 21st century Western sporting events and the panoply of the medieval joust . Attempting to bridge the historical gap between that world and modern society , Helgeland adopted the symbolism of the modern-day arena . Fans are boistrous , beer guzzlers , with an exuberant few foregoing shirts and painting their faces . Instead of the medieval fanfare with its archaic styles and melodies , Helgeland supplies a more comforting musical style for his audience - 20th century rock music - which sets the stage for the mock-combat about to take place . Modern catcalls and insults used by the secondary cast put the screen-side audience at ease , supplanting the foreign gestures and period insults that would likely only confuse viewers . Finally , the complexities of the joust are conveniently minimized to the requirement to be a noble-born knight and the scoring of points by either breaking a lance or unhorsing an opponent . Helgeland arguably does a good job of trying to modernize the jousting tourney to modern sensibilities ; however , his modern tale fails in several ways.Following the all-too-familiar Hollywood model , Helgeland 's medieval Church is portrayed as greedy , oppressive , insensitive , manipulative , and power-crazed . Priests are caricatured as either benign fools or malignant misers . In the film the Church plays no important role in the cause of the protagonist , except as a critic of his behavior -LRB- e.g. when the protagonist brings his horse into the sanctuary ; when he interrupts a worship service with his conversations -RRB- . Further , the Church has no important role in the spiritual guidance of the protagonist - or anyone else for that matter . Finally , the desecration of Church property and disturbance of clerical services are not viewed with an understanding of the higher principles of property ownership , divine authority , and worship , but are awkwardly used to humiliate the protagonist , browbeat the clergy , and vilify the antagonist.Another victim of Helgeland 's plot is the Bible . Biblical accounts are typecast as weird tales , whose meaning is - at best - cryptic . In order to handle the unexplained meaning of biblical passages , the protagonist chooses to make up his own `` better '' story that simply spirals into a meaningless spiritualism as a way to woo a woman to bed . To make matters worse , the Biblical passages that are used are historical and taken completely out of context , so that the protagonist can butcher and force them into his horrible love poetry . This is quite sad given that actual , quite racy , love poetry abounds in the Song of Solomon.A third casualty in Helgeland 's film is Christian chivalry . Historically , chivalry was a moral virtue taught by the patriarchal leadership of Western feudal society and the Church . The Church passed many laws that encouraged chivalric behavior and that defined chivalry as a Christian virtue . Thus , to be chivalrous meant one was a Christian knight . In the film , however , Helgeland has created a moral training vacuum through the combined emasculation of the protagonist 's father and the Church and the removal of the protagonist 's liege . This vacuum forced Helgeland to invent his own code of conduct for his protagonist . Helgeland 's `` chivalry '' begins in the spirit of the 19th and 20th century romantic novel , where martial skills and ability , in this case skill with a lance , proves more important than chivalric virtue and the purity of Christian knighthood . As the film progresses , this romantic machismo is eventually replaced by a modern feminism that denies the need for chivalric knights , while at the same time , demands that knights somehow be good . As a result , Christianity and knighthood are falsely portrayed as opposites in the story , and chivalry is torn from its historical foundation and twisted into a revisionist mold that distorts and nullifies its meaning and value.Finally , Feudalistic society as a whole is viewed through a distorted modernist lens . Lords are categorically attacked for levying harsh taxes and are criticized for have a lifestyle of oppressive opulence . In contrast , commoners are praised for being hard workers who - anachronistically - pursue the American Dream , whereby anyone can change his destiny . Patriarchal leadership , an important feature of Western feudal society , is seen as unimportant and an obstacle for the youth who seeks success . Likewise , marriage for love is given heavy countenance instead of the more period-correct parental-approved or arranged marriages . By their sheer absence , these parental-condoned covenants are silently attacked as being loveless arrangements that promote male dominance and are an anathema to a productive Western society.Thus , despite his best efforts , Helgeland 's `` A Knight 's Tale '' proves to be a failure . Rather than the Middle Ages being transported into a modern-day context , Helgeland 's 21st century convictions only allow him to present a story that has far more in common with `` The Fast and the Furious '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- than it does with the medieval Christian knight . Those with an interest in medieval Christian chivalry and the world of jousting should consider the following : Maxims of Christian ChivalryA Booklet of Comfort for the Sick & on the Christian Knight -LRB- Theology and Piety -RRB- Book of Knighthood and Chivalry
 This blu-ray has a excellent quality video , colors , light , contrast ... but the film itself is for children ...
 Some folks will try just about anything to get people to come to the movies . `` A Knight 's Tale '' is a case in point . In this latest attempt to fill seats and make money , a Medieval setting featuring several jousting tournaments -LRB- including the world championship -RRB- is accented by a soundtrack that mixes an original Medieval-type score with , of all things , classic rock . To some , that may seem like a fresh and exciting twist , but to me at least , it only serves to bury this already-laughable flick even deeper . In my opinion , the movie itself was n't even all that great ; the plot is pretty much as simple as it gets -LRB- the whole story 's in the trailers ! -RRB- , the dialogue was pretty much ripped from an episode of `` Xena '' , the action was bordering on just plain goofy -LRB- although I did actually flinch at several of the lance shots these guys were taking -RRB- , and , of course , the soundtrack -LRB- do n't even get me started -RRB- . Strangely , though , it seemed that every time this flick fell on its face , something would happen that almost redeemed it . It was pretty much a rollercoaster for the emotions , actually ; I groaned , I laughed , I flinched ... all told , though , the groans were more frequent than anything else , and between that and looking at my watch at least twice during the movie , it makes a good summary for how it turned out . Medieval `` purists '' will probably be insulted by this flick , but a few action fans might get a kick out of it . Far as me , it was definitely not the best eight bucks I ever spent . I might as well have stopped at the trailer .
 I had expected this to measure up to Terry Gilliam 's The Brother 's Grimm - but - was sadly disappointed . Cartoonish and immature .
 Ok maybe it is just me , but this film had the potential to be great . Especially with the budget it was given . Classic rock had no business being in a film like this . Especially in the beginning with the spectators singing along . Plus there sounded as if there was a jukebox in the French pub . Not to mention some of the Gen X fashions and hair styles that were worn . You make your own judgment but was very unbelievable for the period they were portraying .
 Absolute ... the director seems to have been trying for a blend of medieval and modern culture which worked VERY badly . Also , bad plot , unlikable heroine.One star earned by the fact the Heath Ledger was quite astonishingly good looking in armour and growled at people a lot . A further star earned by Chaucer , who was really quite amusing.However , neither of these things will convince me to buy it .
 A Knight 's Tale starts of in the Mid-evil times , right ? -LRB- I ca n't spell -RRB- Okay , gotcha . La la la , okay we see these guys jabbing eachother , good plot so far , wait ! WAIT ! Go back ! Why are they singing `` We will rock you '' in the Mid-evil times ?! Yes ! There singing it ! And they even have an electric guitar with it ! Anyway , there 's my first one . Okay , now we go on . This guys going on in place of this other dude , and they 're lying about it and no one knows . Let 's call this secret-replacement guy # 1 . Okay fine . . So , he makes it to the chamionships . One person suspects he 's a fake so far , let 's call him # 2 . So , when he goes to this party , # 2 says , `` So , # 1 , can you show us a folk dance ? '' # 2 thinks he can stump him . # 1 gets stuck . Then a girl who they consider , `` Ugly '' -LRB- Let 's call her that -RRB- helps him out . So then they start a slow dance , fine . THEN OUT O ' THE GREAT BLUE , THEY START BREAK DANCING ! YES ! SPINNING ON THEIR HEADS , DOING BACK-FLIPS , ECT ! Finishing my summary , they play THE BOYS ARE BACK IN TOWN and all that ect . Then UGLY wheres skimpier clothes every time . Sorry If this is confusing ! But at the end he beat everyone but ! , he was never sorry for the lie he made in the beggining ! I know , my review might be more confusing than the movie , but what I write here is pretty much the most . Thanx 4 reading this anyhow .
 How could anyone have sat through this entire movie ? The thing that I ca n't believe is that people are rating it as being a good movie . Did you actually see it ? I think for me what ruined it the most was the soundtrack . What a horrible selection of music to play for a `` midevil '' movie . Was it midevil or was it midevil/21st century/terrible . Their verbiage , forgive me if I quote it incorrectly , but there is a scene where the main character has to fix his armor and the blacksmiths tell him , `` You have to pay CASH first before we fix it . '' CASH ?! They might as well have asked him for his ATM card.And then the ballroom dance ! Do I even have to go there . That is when I walked out of the movie theater . Just do n't waste your money people . Please . You will lose braincells watching this movie .
 What was Heath Ledger thinking when he decided to participate in this movie ? Was Rufus Sewall perhaps high when he read this script ? I 'll put aside most of my objections too the extreme historical inaccuracies in this movie because they were clearly intentional . Afterall one can not accidentally have a scene in medieval France where the spectators sing `` we will rock you '' . You have to be going for a certain style , no matter how painful that style happens to be.The costumes and makeup seemed really excellent and accurate next Shannyn Sossamon 's stiff and extremely unsympathetic potrayal of William Thatcher 's love interest Jocelyn . Jocelyn is herself sadistic , annoying , a bad dresser , and just not that pretty . In every scene her clothing gets more bizarre and increasingly becomes something that no one , in any era , would or should wear . In my opinion , anyone with any pretention to taste would have dumped Jocelyn by the wayside for the much more interesting Kate or even Jocelyn 's servant/messanger girl . Why waste your time on a girl with no good qualities?Every scene involving William 's father is cheap , each one more pathetic than the last . William 's father sends young William away so he can fufill his dream of becoming a knight . When he returns home he finds his loving father blind and alone . Finally father comes just in time to support his dear son during Will 's most important match . God , ca n't you just see the tears welling up in my eyes.If this movie has any redeeming qualities , and all movies do , it 's Paul Bettany 's fun portrayal of Jeffrey Chaucer . This Chaucer is a compulsive gambler as well as a writer and WWF style announcer . He gets maximum points for clever banter while completely naked.All around , A Knight 's Tale is an extremely hurtful movie with occasional bright spots . Please skip it no matter how much you like Heath Ledger .
 I am not a teenage girl , and I do n't swoon over Heath Ledger . If you are in the same situation , then bring a pillow to Knight 's Tale , or better yet do n't see it . The `` hip '' setting of this movie hardly makes it revolutionary , or even good . The plot is completely scatter-brained , often makes no sense , and is obnoxiously repetitive . Really , there must be 50 jousting scenes and the all are exactly the same . Movie also includes the worst villian ever ; his dialog is stupid , trite , and over-the-top . The final battle includes a stare down between him and Heath that goes back and forth for what seems an eternity . But perhaps the dumbest part of the whole show is the overly dramatic , unrealistic , and very forgettable romance between Heath and the princess . Do not see this movie unless you enjoy putting yourself through agony .
 This film is a foolish comedy and should not be taken seriously . Firstly I am interested to know what period in history this film is supposed to be set ? I was a bit confused due by the fact the music score was 70s rock , the architecture was Tudor , there was a female blacksmith , Heath 's armour had a Nike symbol , Jocelyn 's costumes ranged from 1930s hats and dresses to 1990s evening gowns , everyone had modern hairstyles and all the peasants had perfect teeth . Besides this the actors/models were quite annoying especially the hokey swordsman Heath Ledger who had a fair bit of difficulty delivering the teeny-bopper dialogue and Shannyn Sossamon -LRB- I did n't know there were sun tanned Hawaiian woman with American accents in England during the Medievil period ! -RRB- was she was supposed to be a Spanish princess ? To add insult to injury the poor actor who played Chaucer sounded like a dunken fool at the local bar spouting modern colloquial sayings whilst swigging a pint . Maybe it 's all a joke but the movie just came across as a blatant attempt to make alot of money and impress 16 year old girls.This film is an absolute clunker , I suggest ` Robin Hood Men in Tights ' which is a far superior and enjoyable film !
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Heath Ledger , as a lead actor , is terrible . In fact , all the actors in this movie are extremely bad . The story is poor and ridiculous . On the other side , if it had not been for a movie like this one , we would not be able to fully appreciate a good movie . Therefore , take my advice - do not rent this movie ! It goes without saying that this movie deserves much criticism as there are many flaws and shortcomings . In conclusion , if you see this movie I can assure you that you will be disappointed .
 As the movie starts out , you ca n't stop but to notice to hard-rock music of Queen 's `` We Will Rock You . '' People are clapping/stomping to hard-rock and doing `` the wave '' in the stands . I guess this was where `` the wave '' was discovered . That threw me off already . I thought this would be like something of Camelot calibur . This movie is a slop job . The only bright thing of this movie is the character Geoffery Chaucer . Unlike anything from his , Cantebury Tales , this movie stands pretty low .
 Remember Rocky ? The original ? The Academy Award winning film about a wrong-side-of-the-tracks pugilist given a million-to-one shot at fame and glory?Now imagine that film set medieval times . With inferior acting . And poor casting -LRB- that was an ENGLISH princess ? -RRB- . And glossy production values . And no heart.This movie could have been really funny if played strictly for comedy ... if it laughed at itself more . Unfortunately , it takes itself too seriously too often ; not all the time , but enough to repeatedly insult the intelligence of the audience . It takes a monumental effort towards the suspension of disbelief to stomach this movie ... even just to play along.David Bowie 's `` Golden Years '' is forever sullied . `` We Will Rock You ? '' ... yikes!Adriaanne !
 This movie was just straight out horrible . It was so unrealistic that I thought that Star wars was way more realistic . This movie -LSB- was bad -RSB- . Heres the reasons why below :1 . They combined hard rock . C'mone , QUEEN PLAYING WE WILL ROCK YOU IN MEDIEVIL DAYS ?!?!?! ARE THESE PEOPLE INSANE ?!?!?! 2 . The hairstyles , -LRB- Such as the queen whatever her name is -RRB- Had a weird style which could ONLY BE DONE WITH HAIRSPRAY OR MOOSE ! They did n't have that back in the old days .3 . The actors were horrible . I think all of them were each talentless .4 . Everybody was clean shaven . Oh yeah , a lot of people were clean shaven back in those days . I 'm being sarcastic here . Nobody was clean shaven in those days .5 . The blacksmith created a Nike symbol . Oh yeah , nike . Listen , Nike was considered a god in the mythological days , and the swoosh symbol of Nike was in there too . Then , the shoe company took up the symbol and the name and the shoes became a bestseller . No blacksmith created the nike symbol .6 . The characters were so unrealistic that It 's unbelievable .7 . The main actor , Keith whatever , is no talent and he is a pretty boy . He has no acting skills and the parts where he 's trying to be dramatic is just laughable ! 8 . The story was predictable , and not to mention shallow .9 . I think that whoever made this movie , what company or what not , was probably just desperate for money . The props were cheap and the acters were horrible , the story was , by all means , easy to reject and to hate .10 . The chances of seeing this movie ? NEVER . It was boring beyond belief .11 . It 's a movie that 's really embarrasing to own , I 'm sure , and I 'm thankful I do n't have it .12 . The parts that are supposed to be comedic are just dull and not in any way laughable .13 . This is not a good romantic swashbuckling adventure . I expected some good stuff in a fantasy , much like the old conan movies with Arnold . They did n't do that , cuz whoever wrote the script ca n't write for dirt and plus the entire movie was just horrible ... . I ca n't imagine who would like it . Wan na hear the GOOD Thing about this movie ? ... BR > The goods of this movie : It 'll put you to sleep if you 're having trouble sleeping . It 's so boring that you 'll get good nap time ! THAT 'S THE ONLY GOOD PART , PLUS THIS MOVIE IS UNREALISTIC !! DID I POINT OUT IT 'S UNREALISTIC ?
 Everything about &#65533; A Knight &#65533; s Tale &#65533; is shamelessly designed to pander the masses . Writer/director Brian Helgeland , who scored big with &#65533; L.A. Confidential &#65533; has followed that excellent effort with a succession of progressively worse screenplays -LRB- &#65533; Conspiracy Theory &#65533; , &#65533; The Postman &#65533; , &#65533; Payback &#65533; -RRB- culminating in this charming but trite puff piece.The pity is that the story had possibilities . A squire seizes upon the opportune death of his knight to enter a jousting competition and ultimately , albeit illegitimately , establish himself as a top competitor . William/Ulrich -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- begins the film with no skills whatever and with the help of his hapless lads , miraculously is transformed into a lean mean jousting machine . He is then thunderstruck by the utterly bland Jocelyn -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- and spends the rest of the film trying to win her love . Meanwhile Kate -LRB- Laura Fraser -RRB- , the only interesting female character , with excellent potential for an intriguing romantic entanglement , is relegated to becoming William &#65533; s groupie.Despite good potential for a serious medieval drama , Helgeland decides that it should follow a rutted and unimaginative formula so that it will appeal to all those millions who have loved this same story in different forms countless times before . As if that isn &#65533; t enough , he further debases it by filling it with anachronistic contemporary dialogue -LRB- &#65533; Oh Wow &#65533; , &#65533; Helllllloooo &#65533; , &#65533; Foxy Lady &#65533; , etc. -RRB- and rock music to which all the medieval peasants join in to sing along and boogie . This wouldn &#65533; t be so bad if the film was constructed to be a spoof , but after each of these absurd digressions , Helgeland switches back into drama mode , asking us once again to take his characters seriously.Helgeland can &#65533; t seem to decide whether he wants this to be a farce , a send up , or a serious drama . It is all out of sync . The film is funny when it is trying to be serious and dull when it is trying to be funny . I don &#65533; t even want to get into how historically unrealistic his depiction of medieval Europe is . The only redeeming quality of Helgeland &#65533; s direction is the stunt work on the jousting scenes . The jousting is brilliantly done and -LRB- of course -RRB- unabashedly overused . After a couple of dozen broken lances , it is hard to get up for the final match between William and the evil Count Adhemar as all the spectacle has been wrung out . It would be like having 25 chariot races in Ben-Hur and asking us to be excited about the 26th race against Messala.Heath Ledger is airy and adorable as William , qualities I know I always associate with medieval knights -LRB- sarcasm intended -RRB- . Ledger plays the part with such lack of force that it is difficult to believe the rushing wind didn &#65533; t knock him off his horse long before the opponent &#65533; s lance hit the mark . Shannyn Sossamon is pretty , but equally mind-numbing . Their romance has all the heft of balsa wood and all the maturity of a date to the Junior Prom.Paul Bettany steals what is left of the show with his spirited portrayal of Chaucer . Bettany provides us with a most remarkable interpretation of the celebrated author , whipping the crowds into frenzy with his commanding introductions . Rufus Sewell is a passable villain , but comes across more obnoxious than despicable.Overall , this film is so utterly insubstantial and obsequious to the masses that it had to be a hit . This is another typical Hollywood cotton candy film , sweet with no substance . It is charming , light , and predicable , giving everyone exactly what they want and expect . I rated it a 4/10 including a point for the great stunt work . Serious filmgoers are cautioned to lower their expectations .
 What a waste of time , a total load of garbage . By this tale David Bowie is about 1000 years old . I would have better spent my time watching paint dry !
 Lacked the ability to keep my interest . Story was all to common . I could not even relate to the two leading characters .
 This is one of the absolute worst films I have ever had the misfortune to watch . It is n't even worthwhile to comment on the ` historical inaccuracies ' , since they are so extensive and appalling that this film can not be qualified as a period piece/historical film at all and must fall into the category of fantasy . As such , it fails miserably . Plot and dialogue are awful ... so many bad choices were made that Amazon does not give enough space to list them all.Here stands a glorious testament to Hollywood 's eternal quest to reach for new lows ! A truly offensive way to spend one 's evening.To be avoided at all costs .
 Thats all it could squeeze out of me . The rest of the time I felt nothing but sheer embarrassment watching this ridiculous movie try to be hip and funny.The previous review ` Funny as Genocide ' gave me a laugh for quite some time . . I wish the movie had done the same.I get what they were doing . It was not meant to be historically accurate . It was meant to be cutting edge cool/romance set in the middle ages . It might have worked had the script been the least bit gripping , but in the end I could have cared nothing for the fate of these characters dancing to David Bowie .
 Unfortunately , I was brought to this movie by someone -LRB- who will remain nameless for fear of embarassment -RRB- without ever seeing a preview , or having the faintest idea of what to expect . Mind you , had I actually seen the previews , I would have NEVER walked into the theater in the first place.I was shocked at the level to which this movie took the word `` cliche '' . Mindless and formulated for a mass audience ... which isnt saying much for the masses . And for those who liked it , you are working for `` the man '' ... do you really like to be involved in a money making equation ? This movie is a blantant example of what is wrong with `` the industry '' , lack of inspiration , lazy plot , no sign of intelligence behind the making of this film ... except to say they will turn a slight profit knowing that there will always be an audience that fits into a narrow equation . Like a twinkie factory.I should not be so hard , I suppose . I have managed to steer clear of these movies for a long time and have had no reason to scream `` INSANITY '' . This is just my way of revolting , and purging the incredible nonsense that I was forced to digest . Definately a movie I wouldve walked out on if I was not with ... . well ... who I was with .
 This is a zero star film.A real abomination ... why was it made ? How can anyone actually like it?The humanity ... And besides , such low born scum could never aspire to the lofty goal of knighthood ... ha!Take your wet dreams elsewhere ...
 Let me just start off with saying that the editorial review for this movie was ... unhelpful . So the movie has rock music in it . Who cares?With that aside , this movie is basically a compilation of things I 've seen in other movies many times before . For example -- the `` common peasant '' making his way to greatness-storyline , the teach me how to dance because I do n't know how to dance-scene , the two opposing characters with a love interest in the same girl , and of course the bad guy getting beaten in the end while the good guy steals the girl . Oh yeah , I forgot to mention that the bad guy wears black armor and rides a black horse . This is orginality at its best .
 I consider myself to be a pretty open movie watcher . I enjoy watching period style movies . I even thought the movie Black Night was pretty entertaining . This movie was just a bad movie . Not even bad in a funny way . If you make a movie about people in the Renaissance period , you do n't have crowds singing `` we will rock you '' , and doing ghetto dances . The story , in itself , is hard to digest on it 's own ... and has been done before ... many times over ... and better . It 's your standard happy-feely random kid goes from rags to riches doing what he loves to do with the help of a couple other down-and-out characters who end up being miracle workers with ingenuity . There is absolutely no historical truth in this movie , and apparently no research done at all to even make it seem somewhat believable.Bottom line is , save your money . This movie is not worth the time it takes to watch it .
 There 's a scene in The Big Chill where William Hurt turns to Jeff Goldblum and says `` You 're so analytical . Sometimes you just have to let art flow over you . '' While watching A Knight 's Tale my friend turned to me and said `` The art flows over me ... and right on down into the sewer . '' I would n't go so far as to say that the movie was excrement . However , I would say that the tonal inconsistencies of this film are so extreme that I was never able to enter the story . I spent the entire movie in a state of awe that so much money and so many people would be involved in producing such a specimen of utter confusion.A Knight 's Tale is Blazing Saddles meets Excalibur meets Shakespeare in Love . Underneath all of the wild production choices is a fairly good script . Young peasant William -LSB- Heath Ledger -RSB- disguises himself as a knight to win jousting tournaments , trying to win enough money to-as he puts it - `` change my stars . '' The movie was well-cast and the acting was good . Mark Addy -LRB- who played Dave in the Full Monty -RRB- was particularly believable as Roland , the earnest and loyal sidekick . With a team of companions and a beautiful love interest and a villain who threatens to bring the whole enterprise down , it could have worked.Where it falls apart is in the anachronistic production choices . As young William approaches the first jousting field , onlookers clap in rhythm to Queen 's anthem `` We Will Rock You . '' As the crane shot moves closer to specific extras , you see them rocking out , dancing disco , singing along with the soundtrack . It 's a very Mel Brooks moment , and so you settle in and laugh a little and think `` ah , Space Balls Middle Ages . I get it . `` And then the film gets serious . Twenty minutes later all the anachronisms are gone , but you 've been unsettled enough by them that you 're looking for satire throughout the film . Scenes which could have been touching are ruined . Occasionally you hear a half-familiar line , or see a half-familiar camera shot , and you think you 're watching a very subtle satire , perhaps a send-up of the whole movie industry . But you never can quite put your finger on what it is they 're trying to satirize . So-if you 're me and you 've spent the whole movie wondering `` what the heck was Brian Helgeland thinking ?!? '' - you go to the director 's commentary on the DVD expecting some answers.The only answer I got from the first ten minutes of the commentary was
 I was very sad and disappointed that the Blu-Ray version does not contain the extended cut , though the cover shows a picture very similar to the DVD extended version . I really like the movie and I think the High Definition format deserves more .
 If you are a fan of medieval fantasy , swashbuckling adventure or romantic action movies - avoid this film like the Black Plague!However , if you are into boring , predictable sports comedies - go for it.It put me to sleep for the middle part of the story , however , when I woke up in time to catch the end , I realized I had n't missed much ... everything had ended up exactly as expected .
 This is by far the stupidest movie that I have had the misfortune of sitting through in the past decade . The preview looked intriguing , until the Queen dance number . I hoped that Heath Ledger , whom I loved in `` The Patriot , '' could somehow make up for the obvious deficiencies . The ONLY reason that I even went was because the movie was playing at the local pizza-and-beer movie pub , and friends wanted to see it . Overall , it just seemed like the director could not decide between making a period movie and making something silly . The combination just did n't work .
 Sorry , but I found the jarring juxtaposition of medieval jousting with 1970s pop tunes too much to take . Plus the plot did n't keep my attention . After about 40 minutes I turned it off . ` Nuff said ...
 I have n't even finished this video yet , but I already know that it 's not one that I 'd watch again . There 's nothing really bad about the dialogue , theme , or the actors and actresses . However , there are many parts that are n't convincing in the least , or even realistic for that matter ; such as the hairstyles and dancing . My advice is if you want to get a realistic movie , do n't bother with this one ; but if you want a movie with a hot leading actor and a funny cast tending to that actor , go for it .
 I am absolutely amazed at people who think this is a great movie , or even a good movie , or even an entertaining somewhat fun movie . What really scares me is that some who see this movie may think its an accurate depiction of the middle ages . I can see if it were supposed to be a farce , a spoof on the time period -- but even then the story was bland . But there was no historical accuracy at all , save for maybe the jousting scenes . And we certainly were treated to enough of those . The language , clothing -LRB- loved the see through dress on the princess -- I 'm sure that was the rage in medieval France -RRB- , mannerisms and especially , the place of women . Yes , princesses and upper class women just roamed the streets unescorted , traveled all over the country and beyond , had strange men bringing them notes in their bedroom and had sex whenever they wanted . In reality , Ulrich/William would n't have been able to get near that woman , and in fact , probably never would 've even laid eyes on her because she would n't have been out on the street ! I do n't understand the reason for this movie -- why make it take place in the middle ages if nothing at all is accurate ? It reminded me of a bunch of people just dressing up for a costume party on a Hollywood set . There is no feeling at all that you are in another place and time.Aside from that , the acting is pretty bland and the character lukewarm . Especially unappealing is Jocelyn , who is so moronic and dull , and not particularly good looking . It really pushes the imagination as to why William would be so enthralled with her . His groupie Kate the blacksmith was far more attractive and interesting , although I tend to doubt there were any female blacksmiths at the time . Her clothes and hairdo reminded one more of a women from the American wild west , several centuries later . All in all , an awful movie . We fast forwarded it after a while , just to get to the final scene and hoping beyond hope , that he 'd get rid of Jocelyn and get it on with Kate .
 This movie ranks right next to Red Tomahawck as one of the worst movie I have seen . The acting is not bad but the story was as cliche ridden as the fifth sequeal to a Rocky movie . You see better stories in old Tarzan movie 's . How many time 's can you watch a knight get struck while riding a horse . Heath Ledger is the Babe Ruth of knight 's . There are no odd 's he can not overcome and man those he overcome the odd 's . Superman better watch out . Now if Sylvester Stallone was a knight then you would have a contest . Give your money to a charity or pay off an old debt and avoid this rubbish .
 Very lame movie , if not for my liking of Heath Ledger the movie would be a flop in my opinion .
 This movie and garbage , if you ask me . 1970 's pop tunes in the jousting ? just plain ridiculous . I saw that they tried to make it funny , but it did ` nt hit me at all . Heath Ledger was pretty good at acting but the rest were terrible . The jousting was awesome , that 's the only I liked about it .
 This is a great movie full of fun , humor and a little romance ! The Blu-ray edition has NONE of the special features from the regular DVD releases . Not only is this NOT the extended cut , it does n't even offer the deleted scenes on a special features menu . In fact there is NO special features menu . I 've noticed this issue on a lot of Blu-ray releases . Sure you get the better looking film but no interviews , no commentary , no deleted scenes . Nothing . I am so disappointed in this release . I will be getting rid of it and going back to my regular DVD and researching the Blu-rays before purchasing . They are absolutely NOT worth it if you do n't get any special features . How sad ! Boo on the studio that did this .
 If you are looking for something that is period , or anything even close to serious drama . This movie offers nothing for you . I find it a rather indignant thing to open the the first scene with Queen 's We Will Rock You , -LRB- being a fan of Queen -RRB- . The movie has a dull plot . The best lines are delivered by secondary characters only . Chaucer is a riot , and is the whole reason to even give a passing glance at this one . The jousting scenes are ... -LSB- bad -RSB- , and somehow , althought not surprisingly all the same .
 ... for those who ask little more than sound , motion , and color of a film . The jarringly anachronistic soundtrack will heighten their experience . Viewers possessed of more refined sensibilities beware .
 This movie is a big empty void ; with or without music this movie lacks any form of substance any qualitty movie should have . Granted , a lot of very lame movies are released all the time , and this is definitely one of them . It is absent of good acting , which is essential . It is plain bland and not even worth the rental . If you are 12 years old you might like this movie ; it is not for anyone over 21 , even if you are a Queen fan . This movie must be some joke on the sleeping `` alive '' people of America . Please rent this movie before you even think about buying it . Go rent First Knight if you want to watch a lame movie on this type of genre , you wo n't find what you are looking for here , a movie .
 I bought this DVD expecting an action packed entrancing thriller.This movie has to be the worst movie I have ever seen . Others have written saying this movie is in their collection with Braveheart of Gladiator . Let me clear something up . This movie will NEVER be in the same class as Gladiator or Braveheart . Nor can you watch it over and over again like you can with Gladiator and Braveheart . This movie attempts to entrance the audience by it 's mix of knights , with modern day music and a sad attempt at comedy . But it comes out as a goofy , boring movie.This movie should be under `` comedy . '' Though it is not even worthy of that classification.Have seen better B rated movies . Do not be mislead by the majority of the reviews . Wasted over an hour on this movie .
 this ` movie ' was pathetic ! Not just because of the bad inapropriate music , but the relationship between this young ` knight ' and the ` priestess ' or whatever she was . Just another attempt at making men look like saps ! The guy begs for this girl -LRB- she ai n't a women , she does n't act like one ! -RRB- and she wipes her feet on his face like so much refuse . I find it insulting and degrading ! If woman find they get treated like that in movies made in the past , I find that men get treated that way today in the present ! Do n't watch this filth ! Your only encouraging producers to make more of this gutter trash ! Moreover , it is n't a very good roll model for young boys and it makes teenage girls act this way -LRB- which they do ! -RRB-
 Dumb , dumb , dumb , ney , moronic . If you want Medieval fantasy with silly music , rent Ladyhawk . A much better film .
 I saw this movie in the theatres when it came out . I should have spent the money on something better . It was trite and ridiculous . The opening scene , where the peasants are clapping along to `` We Will Rock You '' ... I should have walked out then . It was overhyped and unoriginal in the extreme . Even if you like certain types of stupid movies you may find this one hard to swallow . I certainly did . It 's two hours of my life I 'd love to have back .
 Please do n't waste your money . Perhaps the worst movie ever made . I was trapped on a plane watching it and wanted to jump to escape .
 William Thatcher -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- is the aide to a well-known knight . On the verge of winning a tournament , the knight dies , leaving William and the knight 's other assistants , Roland -LRB- Mark Addy -RRB- and Wat -LRB- Alan Tudyk -RRB- desperate . They have n't eaten in three days and need the prize money to fill their stomachs . Will takes the knight 's place and wins the tournament . They decide that Will should pose as a knight and compete in other tournaments . Only noblemen are allowed to complete and Will is anything but noble . Along the way , they run across Geoffrey Chaucer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- , who then tags along for the ride . Geoff , as his friends call him , becomes a sort of ringside announcer , revving the crowd up for each of William 's appearances . `` A Knight 's Tale '' is an interesting mess from writer - director Brian Helgeland . The success of just about every movie relies on the ability of the audience to suspend a certain amount of disbelief . In order for that to happen , the film has to have a certain amount of reality . `` A Knight 's Tale '' has little , if any , basis in reality . I did n't buy it.The first joust is preceded by every one in the audience stamping their fists and singing along to Robbie Williams and Queen singing `` We Will Rock You '' . It was an interesting idea , in the trailers and commercials , but to have 14th century people singing along to a rock song is just stupid . Throughout the rest of the film , the 20th century music is played in the background to little effect.We have all heard of films based in the past in which their were historical inaccuracies . Cowboys wearing wrist watches , roman soldiers wearing tennis shoes , etc. . There have even been modern day reinterpretations of stories set in the past . Baz Luhrman 's ` Romeo + Juliet ' is a good example . `` A Knight 's Tale '' does neither , falling somewhere in between . Frequently , the characters spout 20th century jargon , yet also continue to speak in a style that most people would buy as 14th century England . Why bother with the antiquated speech at all ? If you want to have someone say ` Hello , it 's called a lance ' in the way that people do , to indicate something should be obvious , or to say ` Yes ' , in a way to indicate that they are pleased , why bother trying to make the characters seem as though they have walked out of a Shakespeare play . It is inconsistent and dumb.Geoff Chaucer becomes a sort of ancient WWF ringside announcer . Dumb.Jocelyn , played by Shannyn Sossamon , seems to be a sort of jousting groupie . Her role at these events is never really explained . Why is she popping up at these events ? Will , of course , sets his eyes on her , and she returns the favors.The jousting scenes are interesting , but the characters lack believability and interest , causing us to find nothing to identify with.Ultimately , the film plays like a live-action version of the classic Bugs Bunny cartoon ` Knighty Night Bugs ' . Bugs is having his ears done and gets hit on the head by an apple , transporting him back to Medieval times . There , he has trouble blending in , using 20th century phrases , until he realizes that he should start using phrases like ` Here sooth ' . Ultimately , he jousts the Black Knight -LRB- sounds very familiar -RRB- . After he talks about his friends including the ` Count of Basie ' . He is hit on the head again and returns to the present day.I felt like I was hit on the head by an apple .
 These are the cleanest looking peasants I 've ever seen . Not at all acurate-from music to hairstyles to dancing . This was by far the dumbest movie I have ever seen . The saddest part ? I paid to see this in the cinema .
 For very little kids , or young girls who want to look at Heath Ledger . He died but that did n't improve the film.History is so boring . It needs to be jazzed up ?
 Having had to endure this obscenity was beyond revolting ... what I would n't do to forget the horror ... I would rather stick foreign objects in my rear end than have to see this again.Pure filth .
 This is a brutal , disturbing and horrifying film with no redeeming value . I wish I had n't watched it . I read an article where the parents of the murdered girl stated they were glad to have their daughter 's story brought to attention , but the film is not really about the murdered teen . She is only shown briefly , and we learn almost nothing about her . The story concentrates mostly on the psychotic woman who brutally murdered her - told with an empathetic slant toward the murderer . The only good I can see possibly coming from this frightening film , is that someone with a seriously mentally ill family member , who is n't getting the help they require , might reach out and get the person the help they need before tragedy strikes . I can not understand why the parents of this psychopath , who , according to the film , showed psychotic behavior her entire life , did not get her the help she needed , nor can I understand why she was only given a sentence of twenty years for a confessed , cold-blooded , pre-meditated murder . I feel sick to my stomach and wish I had followed my gut instinct - I should n't have watched this film . I am disgusted on multiple levels . If I could rate this film zero stars , I would do so without hesitation . Ugh .
 This movie actually had one of the most disturbing murder scenes I have ever seen in my life . The fact that the psycho responsible for murdering Rachel only got 20 years is like a slap in the face , that fat , ugly piece of garbage should have gotten life without parole !
 My kids LOVE leapfrog videos and we have many of them . Letter Factory , Talking Words , Math Adventure to the Moon , and some othes . They 've done a great job teaching phonics and numbers . This one does teach numbers and number counting concepts well . However , the music is grating . I 'm surprised only one other reviewer mentioned it . I ca n't handle hearing it so they do n't watch this one anymore .
 Okay , the Leapfrog letter factory was awesome . This one literally hurt my head to listen to - and I was in the kitchen . I guess my 2 year old liked it but it did n't hold his attention as much .
 Almost everything I write about stuff for Amazon gets either ignored or negative responses . I hardly expect this to fare any better . My original intent was to buy the 7 disc set of the Marx Bros -LRB- also just released -RRB- , I grew faint-hearted near the deadline and canceled it and ordered the only 3 I wanted
 I have seen Catherine Deneuve in over fifty films and this collection brings together what must be the worst of her career.In fact , my friends and I watched over half of FORT SAGANNE and she failed to even appear ! In HOTEL DES AMERIQUES she looked , as usual , stunningly attractive but her character was poorly scripted and even cartoonish in LE SAUVAGE . So much for an `` Amazon recommendation '' !
 Wow , where is the proof that Brett Dillon is &#34; The Last Great DJ ? This video does not make that argument , let alone prove it . I thought I was going to find a nice independent documentary on the radio business and how a DJ named Brett Dillon fared over the years in a business that has been totally taken over by corporations with &#34; crap &#34; as the format to play . Instead I got a 71 minute video that was lacking in content , has way too many camera switches , has bad editing and is full of filler music of small bands , probably from Texas . Now if you want to hear some new music , kind of a progressive country , you can learn about some new musicians from this video . If your in need of having to hire a DJ , Brett Dillion has sent you his resume via this DVD . This DVD does a great job of telling you who he is , where he came from , why he likes the radio/music business and why people like him . From this video I learned that Brett Dillon has moved all over , been a DJ in various places in the West , has a great radio voice and his listeners like him . I 'm sure after watching this he 's probably a great DJ , Dillon is right on when he says that people want local radio to play local news , tell local information and that people do n't want some satellite radio broadcast to fill in for their morning commute.Unfortunately if your looking for a watchable video that would help you understand the shirking radio business and the disappearance of the American DJ , this video needs to go back to the drawing board and be re-done . Sorry , I just could n't sit back and feel like I got a good purchase . The flow of this video is poor . Filler music and filler footage of cars driving down the road with music playing could have been cut and the video would be about 30 minutes and probably a better product . I am not sure if this is a first direction by Dean J. Augustin , there is a lot to improve on here , hopefully this review will help in that regard .
 The track record for successful adaptation of Stephen King novels has been mixed . The good -LRB- MISERY , SALEM 'S LOT , CARRIE , DEAD ZONE -RRB- , the bad -LRB- SHINING , DREAMCATCHER , TOMMYKNOCKERS -RRB- , and the ugly -LRB- THE MANGLER , MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE , RIDING THE BULLET , CUJO and FIRESTARTER -RRB- . THINNER unfortunately edges its way into the bad . It 's a lazy , contrived venture , hindered by Robert James Burke 's one-note performance , which is odd because the basically TV-oriented actor -LRB- LAW & ORDER SVU semi-regular -RRB- should have jumped at his first feature starring role . Lucinda Janney as his wife also fails to elicit any real emotion or passion . Ironically , TV vets Joe Mantegna -LRB- CRIMINAL MINDS -RRB- , Michael Constantine -LRB- ROOM 222 -RRB- and Kari Wuhrer -LRB- SLIDERS -RRB- manage to flesh out convincing portrayals.King himself cameos as the NERDY pharmacist.King 's novels may be best read rather than filmed . The reader 's imagination might be more cinematic than any adaptation ?
 I think the thing that surprises me the most about Tom Holland 's `` Thinner '' is that it was released theatrically . Based on the novel by the infamous horror writer Stephen King , this adaptation of one of his better-known books feels more like a direct-to-video release than a big-screen feature , with its low production values and overall cheap appearance . Having said that , the movie itself is entertaining to a point , after which , like many of King 's novels -LRB- or movies based on them -RRB- , it just flatlines.The story centers around attorney Billy Halleck -LRB- Robert John Burke -RRB- , whose string of successes have made him a name in his small town . He has a wife , Heidi -LRB- Lucinda Jenney -RRB- , and a young daughter , both of whom have issues about his serious weight problems . `` I ca n't stop thinking about food , '' he tells his wife in the car on the way home from a celebration dinner , to which she responds with A -RRB- the statement `` There 's more to life than just food , '' and B -RRB- , a timely session of ... well , you 'll see.Of course , during the `` act , '' Billy fails to notice the old Gypsy woman crossing the street , and strikes her with his vehicle . Given his status among the townspeople -LRB- coupled with the fact that almost everyone we meet in the film is prejudiced against gypsies -RRB- , Billy receives little more than a slap on the wrist , after which he is greeted by the dead woman 's father -LRB- her father ? -RRB- , who brushes his cheek and chants the word `` thinner . `` Now I 'm sure I do n't have to tell you exactly what happens to Billy , who , despite his efforts to maintain a stable weight -LRB- `` I 'm digesting 12,000 calories a day ! '' he later tell his wife -RRB- , loses 40 pounds in no more than two weeks . And the fat grams just keep flying , to the point where Heidi insists he check himself into a nearby male clinic , disbelieving of his theory that he has been cursed by the old gypsy man , whom he later sets out to find with the help of a vigilante he helped set free in a case.If this all sounds rather hokey to you , that 's because it is . The problem is , if my synopsis gives you this notion , then you 're much better off leaving your experience with `` Thinner '' at this exposition , and avoiding the movie at all costs . Even for a Stephen King adaptation , the film is incredibly tough to swallow ; the beginning and mid-section fares somewhat nicely , setting us up for a third act that showcases some nifty yet under-imagined make-up tricks -LRB- like we really could n't guess that he was wearing a fat suit from the beginning -RRB- , but fails in regards to giving us a sturdy conclusion that 's worth waiting for.Aside from the low-budget look of the film , there 's not a great deal of commendable acting to be dealt with , either . Burke has some effective moments of biting humor , but he fails to register much in his confrontations with his wife , nor do we ever care much for him as a person wasting away as a result of his wrongdoing . The wife and child are basically stand-ins for those pesky times when the film needs some refreshment from slingshot-wielding gypsies and subplots involving two men who share a similar fate to Billy as a result of letting him go without punishment.There is an intriguing premise underneath the mess that is `` Thinner , '' but the story and its execution follow a pattern very much akin to its main character 's descent from obesity .
 The good news for Stephen King fans is that Tom Holland 's `` Thinner '' is a faithful adaptation of King 's tale , the bad news is that `` Thinner '' is n't one of King 's best stories to build a film around.Robert John Burke plays a rotund , and thoroughly unlikable lawyer who literally gets away with murder . Drawing the wrath of a band of gypsies he finds himself on the receiving end of a thinning curse . No matter how much he eats , he continues to lose weight.The premise is pretty original , and the cast does a really good job with the material they are handed . Burke as a slimy lawyer does a particularly disgustingly good job . He is so repulsive both in character and physically , you almost root for the gypsy . ** On a side note , I would love to see just how much this film affected popcorn sales at theaters where it played ? Watching Burke shovel in food hand over fist is truly nauseating ! I ca n't imagine anyone eating while viewing scenes of him stuffing away food to try and gain weight !! ** Michael Constantine does a great job as the 106-year old Gypsy King , and Kari Wuhrer is smokin ' hot as his grand-daughter . But this movie belongs to Joe Mantegna . His portrayal of mobster Richie Ginelli is the one likable character in the entire film . Mantegna is having so much fun as the vegeance seeking mobster you ca n't help but get caught up in the spirit of things . You almost wish the focus of the film were on the Ginelli character solely.The story is a bleak a depressive tale , populated by unlikable characters . And while the special effects are fantastic and the acting top notch , it 's just too hard to recommend this film for anyone buy die-hard Stephen King fans .
 I bought this movie and had it lying around the house , waiting to be watched . I was on a King kick so I unwrapped this movie and put it in the ol dvd player . I remember seeing the film awhile back and thinking it was good . Robert John Burke does a great job as the lead role but the movie just seems to be missing something . The speical effects are good but they really didnt give anything to the movie . I did like the end of the movie where Burke seems to be turning into a maniac . Im surprised a sequel wasnt made , it would have be interesting .
 I saw this the other night on T.V. and as i 'm a fan of Stephen King I felt I should watch this film . Unfortunately the plot is somewhat thin -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- but its definately fun . Stephen King plays a cameo as a pharmacist as well . Not too bad but could have better . Also directed by Tom Holland -LRB- Psycho 2 , Child 's Play , Fright night 2 -RRB-
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . The old man is lame , his hell cat granddaughter was very weakly cast and basically everything else about this movie was so lame it leaves me without words . The only movie I have ever seen worse than this was Showgirls ... maybe !
 Get outta town !! What starts off as a horror movie turns into an unintentional , hilarious comedy -- especially after the old gypsy woman gets hit . The characters are charicatures , cardboard stereotypes played for laughs . And I 'm laughing . I think the makers of this movie said , `` Screw it , we ai n't deliverin anything near horror '' and they made it for laughs . The lawyer is an arrogant fathead -LRB- literally -RRB- who , in one funny scene , shovels in a trainload of food , and mistakenly flirts with the fiercely vengeful Gypsy daughter who flips him off . I think gluttony is a theme running through King 's imagination , like the blueberry pie puking kid in Stand by Me . Also , there 's not enough of a payoff at the end ; you want to see the effects of his revenge on the good doctor who 's trying to cure him , but that 's cut out . Well , they should cut out slices of pie instead of this movie .
 It seems that everything that Stephen King writes is turned into a movie of some kind . It is a shame that the thin plot is stretched into a movie . There are some good moments but overal it 's to weak to carry the movie . -LRB- a curse from a gipsy , after Lawyer Burke kills an old gipsy in a car accident , will lead that Burke loses weight , and more than he would like to lose from his overweight ... -RRB- For S.K. fans a must to see , but if you want your friends to watch a movie with you , then pic a better S.K. movie from your shell .
 My video store actually had this in the `` All-Time Best '' section . What a joke . This movie is a mean-spirited piece of junk . What happens to the main character 's wife -- whose only crime was to give her husband oral pleasure , then try to help him -- is one of the most abhorrable depictions of cruelty to women coming out of Hollywood that I 've seen in a while . The guy who plays Billy Halleck is a terrible actor . I heard that at one time , there was talk of John Candy playing this role and actually slimming down for the part . It would have probably won him an Oscar , saved his life and saved this movie . Instead , we have a guy who 's so obviously wearing a fat suit that it 's pathetic , and his acting in the suit amounts to some bad impression of Oliver Hardy .
 The book was good the movie not so much .
 Neither suspenseful nor scary , Thinner is yet another weak adaptation of a Stephen King novel . The movie strips the book -- which was severely flawed itself -- of any sense of dread or horror , and leaves us with something about as appetizing as a wet noodle . Questionable casting and rather lame dialogue do n't help matters . The only bright spot is the gorgeous Kari Wuhrer as a young Gypsy woman . I 'd watch her in anything .
 never before has a movie had such an apt title as this mess . the plot is as thin as the main person in the movie gets . just really a waste of time and money for me , i thought ! skip this mess !!!
 I 'm myself a huge Stepherhen King fan . Reed almost all of his books saw all of the movies based on them . This is the only BAD movie that was ever made based on a Stephen King 's book . THE MOVIE JUST DID N'T MAKE SENCE . It 's about this man who first gets extremly fat and then suddently -LRB- do n't remeber why -RRB- his weigth drop 's and he becomes very , very thin . Then I do n't know why he want 's to poison his whife with a poisoned pie . - I do n't know maybe the book is better ` cuz I never read it . Or maybe some people understand it better but I do n't think this movie is worth buying . Here are some title of some fun , scary , great Stphen King movies - Carrie - -LRB- the book was also great -RRB- Cujo > > > > The Green Mile < < < < < < < - -LRB- THE BEST MOVIE I HAD EVER SEEN -RRB- The Shining The Stand < < < -LRB- Very good movie -RRB- Christine -LRB- Also great -RRB- Stand By Me -LRB- not scary but a very sad , interesting movie -RRB-
 Very bad . Program cut off after a few minutes . Couldn ' see the musical . Bad experience . Turned me off . Irwin
 This movie is not about surfing and the magic , spirituality , and beauty of surfing . I 've surfed for over 40 years . What I thought started out as a video of an epic odyssey of the magic and spiritualality of surfing and the surfing lifestyle , became a chronicle about a self absorbed and abusive man engaged in denial and cover up of severe dysfunction . I do n't have any quarrel with raising and home schooling kids outside the system , a healthy active sex life , discipline , and surf , surf , surfing . I think these are goals to aspire to . I assert that there was and is a very very dark side to Dorian and his family life that revealed itself in episodes where he encouraged one child to choke another . That is just completely unacceptable . Such psychology and behavior only sullies the reputation of surfing and surfers and reinforces the unfortunate stereotypes that many people have about surfing and surfers . I suspect that if we pull the cover completely off the Poskowitz family we 'd find severe child abuse of the sort intolerable to all but predators .
 I 'm not a mainstream Beavis & Butthead fan ... the fans that jumped on the bandwagon when they became popular . I was there from the beginning . Where the hell is FROG BASEBALL and BURGER WORLD . I want to see BURGER WARS !!!! There was a time when Beavis did n't even talk he just laughed -LRB- heh , heh , heh -RRB- . Fire ... Fire !!! I want Season 1,2,3 . Just release them as Seasons ... let us be the judge of what is good and what sucks . I want full episodes with videos included . EVERY TV SHOW IS LIKE THIS ON DVD . Why is this one different ?! DEMAND FULL EPISODES AND FULL SEASONS !!!
 There is a preview in Box set # 2 , in which he makes a commercial like that of BrokeBack Mountain in which he says the final 42 episodes on DVD in Set 3 . . Shame on you Mr. Judge . . only 120 episodes out of about 200 + are getting the DVD digital cut?in the words of your own created characters . . you suck !! Rent it when it comes out 8/1/2006 and reminisce what a great show it was despite Fart-knocker Mike Judge limiting his release of titles . . Mike Judge the ultimate tool . . huh huh , he said tool !
 Hi everyone ... . I can understand that it would probably be a nightmare , not to mention , cost a helluva lot of money , to get permission to use all of the music video clips from B&B. ; Unfortunately , some of the best of B&B ; came from the video clips . My advice is to save your money , and check out ebay . There are many DVDs on there of B&B. ; One seller is arize408 or something like that . He has made DVDs from his video tape collection . All 206 episodes taped from TV , commercial free , etc.Dang it , I 'm sick of edited and so called `` director 's cut '' DVDs !!!
 So we 're going to get the Beavis and Butt-Head Volume 2 Mike Judge Collection ! I just hope this is better than the first volume . I hear all kinds of rumors that it will not have any episodes from the first 3 seasons so if that 's true it 's already starting off bad . I guess I will probably buy it though just to have all the extras and maybe a few eps I do n't already have . I will be really glad when and if they ever release all the seasons uncut but I think that is a fantasy that will never come true . Oh well .
 It 's nice to hear that Mike Judge has done away with cutting up the Beavis and Butt-Head episodes , butreally this DVD uscks . Not a signle episode made before Season 5 is included ; Only episodes from seasons 5 6 , and 7 are included thanks to that scumbag Mike Judge . He really should be locked up and never be allowed to participate in another DVD again .
 -LRB- Unable to play file , please try again later.If you continue to experience this problem , contact Amazon customer support and reference the following error code
 Graduation Night is a pretty lousy film . It seriously feels like a low budget movie filmed on a home video camera . Every single scene showing the characters getting into mischief feels like it was recorded using the crappiest recording equipment available.The storyline completely ruins the movie because of how uninteresting and generic it is . Teens find themselves in sticky situations.One group of teens -LRB- a boy and a girl -RRB- ca n't escape from a liquor store backroom because the door is locked . Eventually they develop , not only a friendship , but a little something more . Meanwhile a different set of teens are constantly running for their lives as they get into trouble at a house party with the pranks they pull.It 's boring though . Both situations are boring . The whole movie is just lousy .
 The idea of being stranded in the middle of a huge ocean with sharks swimming about is an unnerving thought and should make for an interesting or at least laughable movie depending on which way the director/budget takes the movie . This movie is really boring . A group of friends go out on a boat . The boat ends up capsizing . The capsizing event should have been a surprise , tense or some form of shock ; however , it happened so quickly the viewer did n't even experience any sensation of the groups ' distress . The group then decides to swim for land/help . However , one member stays behind on the capsized boat . The group of four that decides to swim gets picked off one by one . They get bit by sharks and the viewer sees a bit of red/dark water and that 's about it . All in all not an effective horror movie . A horror movie should instill some since of dread or err horror ... not bordom . I know there is n't alot of defense a human can do in the water against a shark but it would have been nice to at least see one of the swimmers attempt an eye gouge or something ... some survival senses kicking in would be nice . Instead the group swam/bobbed in the water just like floating happy meals .
 From time to time , I get fooled by a trailer . And , each time , after a disappointing experience , I also always solemnly swear that I wo n't get fooled again . So , The Reef here is my last disappointment . Infantile dialogues and shots of the deep blue sea characterize it . It seems that the director used here real sharks but they are not scary at all . However , I understand the actors who refused to swim in the company of a great white shark . Instant crap .
 This movie is unbelievably terrible ! The acting is atrocious . If I could give it zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars , it would be overrated . Quite simply , the worst movie I 've ever seen !!!!!
 I hated this movie . we came across it on amazon and my 6 yr old had to have it . . i put it in our wish list i got it at walmart and it took an hour away from my life . it was sooo boring in alot of parts i wanted to sleep . even my 6 yr old hated it and she loves sharks ...
 `` Based on the true events , '' a 2010 Australian film `` The Reef '' follows the story of a group of five friends on vacation , whose yacht capsizes while sailing on the coral reef . In the middle of the ocean , with no land in sight , they have to make a tough decision
 There are so many ways a director can scare the hell out of you with sharks . And this director fell short . The story had great potential but the way it was filmed was just boring . I never jumped once , now come on a shark move an you do n't jump . What the what ?
 Oh , so very bad . Not `` good '' bad , but rather `` bad '' bad . There 's no accounting for taste , though , so I will say that if you really liked `` Battlefield Earth '' it 's worth giving this a shot .
 And now I ca n't because `` a viewer '' below ruined it . Thanks chowderhead . Hey amazon do n't be bananaheads and post spoilers ... bananahands .
 If the 10 minute preview is any indication as to how bad this movie is , then I 'm glad that I did n't waste me money . i was going to rent it , but the preview saved me time and money .
 Not a fan of rom-coms generally , but this movie trudges along like a bad relationship on an endless cruise around a derelict garbage island .
 The name `` Messner '' sells.The producers of this DVD are taking advantage of that.The title of this DVD should be `` How to produce a DVD at minimum effort and minimum production cost which sells at a good price '' . The answer is obviously : `` Interview Reinhold Messner - a fascinating person with inspiring views about himself , the mountains and the impossible . `` PLUS
 I should 've listened to the reviewer who said this DVD is short and really just an interview ... or series of interviews . I wanted to like this but did n't . If you 're looking for something about mountains , look elsewhere . Like the other reviewer said , this would be a good DVD to add to your collection if you can find it used for $ 5 , but no more than that .
 This is a typical example of fake `` law '' based upon out-of-context snippets of irrelevant non-law . A little research at the Library of Congress finds the actual views of both Jefferson and Madison.For one , Thomas Jefferson had no part in the framing of the Constitution , or of the Bill of Rights , so his opinion concerning them have no legal weight . Congress makes the laws ; not the unelected , and not the President . For another , James `` Father of the Constitution '' Madison was _ opposed _ to `` nullification '' -- in the following he terms it a `` colossal heresy '' -- as was Jefferson , as stated in `` James Madison to Nicholas P. Trist , December 23 , 1832 '' : `` It is remarkable how closely the nullifiers who make the name of Mr. Jefferson the pedestal for their colossal heresy , shut their eyes and lips , whenever his authority is ever so clearly and emphatically against them . You have noticed what he says in his letters to Monroe & Carrington Pages 43 & 203 , vol . 2,1 with respect to the powers of the old Congress to coerce delinquent States , and his reasons for preferring for the purpose a naval to a military force ; and moreover that it was not necessary to find a right to coerce in the Federal Articles , that being inherent in the nature of a compact . It is high time that the claim to secede at will should be put down by the public opinion ; and I shall be glad to see the task commenced by one who understands the subject . `` In addition , Madison conclusively rejects the non-existent `` right , '' in `` James Madison , December , 1834 . Notes , On Nullification , '' as `` this spurious doctrine of nullification '' . As for actual law on the point , the US Constitution expressly stipulates that it is `` the supreme Law of the Land , '' and what that means : `` Art . VI. , S. 2 . This Constitution , and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof ... under the Authority of the United States , shall be the supreme Law of the Land ... any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding . `` James Madison makes the same point , in `` James Madison to Nicholas P. Trist , December , 1831 '' : `` With respect to the supremacy of the Judicial power on questions occurring in the course of its functions , concerning the boundary of Jurisdiction between the U. S. & individual States , my opinion in favor of it was as the 41 No . of the Federalist shews , of the earliest date ; and I have never ceased to think that this supremacy was a vital principle of the Constitution as it is a prominent feature in its text . A supremacy of the Constitution & laws of the Union , without a supremacy in the exposition & execution of them , would be as much a mockery as a scabbard put into the hand of a Soldier without a sword in it . I have never been able to see , that without such a view of the subject the Constitution itself could be the supreme law of the land ; or that the uniformity of the Federal Authority throughout the parties to it could be preserved ; or that without this uniformity , anarchy & disunion could be prevented . `` In plain English
 I own : ` Bob Dylan 1975-1982
 I 'm comfortable with evangelical Christians and I loved Dylan 's first couple of gospel albums . This `` documentary '' does neither any great credit . The best you can say for it is that the DVD is well-intentioned . But seldom have good intentions proved so dull . -LRB- Contains no original Dylan music . -RRB-
 This was one of the biggest waste of money I 've made in a while . There 's no original music . The photos are grainy , and the music is all by Highway 61 Revisited . I can understand this guy 's obsession with Dylan , but to profit off a half assed made DVD is not so cool . Do not buy , unless you like throwing money away .
 Do not buy this DVD ... it is not worth the money . Boring and with no Bob content . Lots of interviews but nothing really interesting for die hard Dylan folks .
 Yes Karen , I just watched 5 minutes and pulled out my `` Rolling Thunder Gospel Years '' and came to post the same comment . What a drag this Gilbert guy is . Amazon too , for sending me the , `` Look what 's new , Dylan fan '' email . Do n't waste your time , these Gilbert videos are interesting , but not that interesting . You want to see or hear Dylan , this is n't the place . You want to see Gilbert trying to look like Dylan , have at it .
 I purchased this for my husband for Christmas as he is a really big Dylan fan . It did n't live up to the glowing reviews that i had read , it could have been done better , a little corny . But it was informative , we learned some things we had n't know before . Left us wanting to see more old footage of Dylan 's concerts and music !
 I would n't have even gotten through this movie . It 's not that I am some big Caviezel fan but this film was just so weird . It was n't exactly bad but it 's not stunning mystery and certainly no horror like it 's been described . It 's a subtle-type mystery but unfortunately the suspense is too subtle.I felt the movie was best when it focused on the couple 's troubled marriage . I found that more compelling than the so-called scary element . It was as if the scary thing was just thrown in . The movie was on about an hour before anything weird started happening so you did n't really need that element at all . I think the film would 've been good as just a film about a couple getting away to work out their problems.The acting was very good and is what kept me watching , especially Jim Caviezel . His excitement for the beach makes you want to stay there with him just to see what adventures he finds each day . But as you watch you begin to feel like the wife where you just wan na leave because nothing 's happening . In the film she says , `` I 'm bored ! '' It 's then that I began to feel the exact same way about the film . It just seemed to move so quick in the beginning and stalled when they got to the beach . After so many scenes of watching Peter surf and curse out his wife , you get bored with it.There was n't enough action or any action for this to be a suspense . Stuff should have started happening way in the beginning of the movie . It 's like the writers tried to be too clever and play tricks with your mind but it fell short . It only ended up being repetitive and the few scary things that did happen were n't scary at all.Jim saves the day for this film . If he had n't played his character with such excitement I would 've turned it off . Peter -LRB- Caviezel -RRB- slowly begins to be sucked in by the beach and just as I became fascinated about that fact , thinking he would show some mental instability because of that obsession , it all went nowhere . It would 've been great to see Peter so crazed that he lost sense of everything and then you could understand the beach 's hold on him . He almost got to that point and just when he got crazy with his wife and would n't let her leave , the film went in a total different direction and that was frustrating.And the ending was pathetic .
 I MUST SAY THAT WE WERE HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS MOVIE . I LOVE WATCHING JAMES CAVIEZEL , BUT HE MUST SURELY BE ASHAMED OF THIS ONE . THE WHOLE CONCEPT STINKS AND I COULD N'T RECOMMEND THIS ONE TO ANYONE .
 Mother Nature is the most powerful thing in the world , able to tear down our cities with earthquakes , tsunamis , mud slides and forest fires but whatever side of the global warming argument you stand on it 's hard to deny that we 're disrespectful of nature , building on it and driving many animals to extinction . Jamie Banks ' Long Weekend , a remake of the 1978 horror film , takes a group of people with a disregard for their natural environment but find Mother Nature in a less than tolerant mood about their presence.The main focus of the film is married couple Peter -LRB- James Caviezel -RRB- and Carla -LRB- Claudia Karvan -RRB- heading off camping for the weekend to Moondah Beach on the coast of Australia at the behest of Peter who has invested in some fancy camping equipment . Despite Carla 's reservations about the trip and the fact the couple end up driving through a forest at night and have to stop till daybreak , the trip goes ahead but rather than enjoying themselves the couple constantly bicker in between walking their dog Cricket . Over the weekend the couple show no respect for the environment and suddenly find themselves facing the wrath of Mother Nature.The first thing of note with this film is that the two leads are among the most awful characters you 'll ever spend a film with . Though married they are constantly rowing and it 's hard to sympathise with either of them . Peter tries to bring some romance to the weekend but Carla just is n't in the mood so he storms off and suggests she pleasure herself ! A nasty way to speak to your wife but strangely enough Carla follows his advice ! She spends the duration of the film complaining and when things start to go wrong she beseeches her husband to leave but Peter refuses every time . Even when Carla tries to compromise by suggesting an alternative holiday venue Peter grumbles about the extra distance they 'd have to drive . Seems he can afford expensive camping equipment but not some extra petrol.Nature 's backlash at the couple is implausible to say the least . When the couple find an eagle 's egg in their camp they are in the midst of a row and Carla very sensibly hurls the egg at the nearest tree . Peter is then later attacked and clawed by a vengeful eagle but manages to laugh after the incident . The only spooky moment , and it is n't that spooky , is when the couple find a carcass on the beach and later a dugong appears out of the water but when the couple check on it they find it 's dead . Whenever they come back it has moved up the beach , a trail visible in the sand behind it . Peter is rather disturbed to wake up one morning and find the dugong by his side in the camp ! The couple 's dog barks a lot at the strange goings on and is obviously perceptive to the danger around them but it 's such a pity Peter and Carla do n't have the same intelligence as their canine companion . As the weekend draws to a close the couple try to escape and Peter discovers a nearby camp with the remnants of another disrespectful family . The question that remains is can the couple escape from nature and back to civilization?Long Weekend is an appropriate title as you 'll feel like it 's been a lot longer than the film 's hour and a half . Peter and Carla are both characters that will alienate their audience and when Mother Nature starts to strike at them you 'll be very pleased . It 's impossible to tiptoe round the natural environment without say snapping a twig between your feet or maybe spilling a drink on the grass but Peter and Carla 's disregard for the environment is just plain ludicrous . The film 's notable inclusion is the dog Cricket who is excellent throughout , barking like a dog does , and running like one too . The end credits suggest no animals were harmed during the making of the film but I do wonder if that 's true of the poor dog that may not have shown physical scars from the film shoot but I suspect mental ones are prevalent today . This is n't a scary horror film , it 's rather pointless and boring and only the last twenty minutes or so are worth watching as Mother Nature finally gets its act together and gives the audience the ending they will want after spending so long in the company of Peter and Carla.Long Weekend is a weak horror film with an environmental message . Mother Nature has plenty of plausible ways to get revenge against mankind but the ones depicted here were just plain silly . The dog aside the acting is pretty weak and with such unlikable characters dominating proceedings you 'll soon grow tired of this . The film is also known as Nature 's Grave but I would have preferred the more appropriate title of The Longest Weekend -LRB- for the audience anyway -RRB- .
 In this movie , the dog was the most sane and also the most likeable . A couple in trouble with their marriage go on a long weekend . The wife -LRB- Carla -RRB- wants to go to a hotel and the husband -LRB- Peter -RRB- wants to go camping ; they go camping . They are supposed to meet up with friends , but the friends never show up and we never find out why . The husband is immature and selfish and the wife is selfish and finds fault with everything ; they make a great pair . On top of that , neither of them has any respect for nature at all so it 's not easy to find anything to like about either one . Cricket , Peter 's dog , is very easy to like . Then there 's a dying sea cow , which is a scary animal on land and seems to be the reason the couple go crazy . There 's also a gruesome scene of a family Peter discovers , but it was n't clear how it tied into the rest of the movie unless it was about more death . The movie did n't flow well at all . Carla eventually gets fed up with Peter saying it 's time to leave without actually leaving and then Cricket is missing , but Carla takes off anyway -- this makes me dislike the Carla character even more . Eventually Peter finds Carla dead , but it 's not clear why she 's dead -LRB- I saw this on TV , so maybe they edited out a critical part -RRB- , then he goes nuts , goes crashing through the woods , and finds a road but gets splattered by a big truck . I suppose we 're meant to be horrified by how Peter 's and Carla 's lives ended , but all I could think at the end of the movie was , `` Where is Cricket ? Did Peter leave her in the car ? Can she get out ? If not , will someone find her ? I want to see a happy ending for Cricket . '' But , sadly , we never find out what happened to Cricket . Very strange movie . I gave a star for Cricket .
 All I did while watching this dreck was wonder why someone with the talent of Jim Caviezel would think that this film adds to his life experience . I mean , he 's played Jesus , and I just watched the `` Thin Red Line '' where he ... plays Jesus , sort of , and now I just ca n't imagine how this was pitched to him as a good idea.Other reviews have covered the plot elements adequately , but I must shine a light on the overall vileness of the two main characters . Constant , vicious , arguing . I realize this was part of the story , but there you have it - I do n't enjoy nasty arguing between couples for two hours straight . Within 15 minutes I was pointing out to the Significant Other -LRB- who spent the whole movie being productive on the computer and leaving me to agonize alone -RRB- that I simply could n't wait for one of them to be killed , just so I would n't have to listen to them any more . `` Look , '' I say , `` Jim Caviezel is playing a jerk for the first time ! '' `` Look , '' I say , `` That beach is really pretty . '' `` Look , '' I say , `` They called that thing a Sea Cow . It 's a manatee , is n't it ? '' `` No , '' says the S.O. , `` That 's one of those other things . It 's got a weird name , but it 's not quite a manatee ... `` And then they reveal it as a dugong -LRB- which I mistakenly thought was spelled , `` dewgong , '' but that 's a Pokemon , and this is a manatee-relative . A dugong ? And then there 's a snake , and a bush-baby-type thing , but a dugong ? Who names these creatures ? At least the dugong made another appearance -LRB- and a startling one at that -RRB- later in the movie , so they got their money 's worth out of that big plastic model.But , the answer to my whining query ? I see it now , as the bare-chested Caviezel wanders up and down the coastline , looking tanned and fit . They sold him on the movie by showing him pictures of the beach . He got to spend every day out there , surfing and whatnot on a beautiful , isolated stretch of sand and turquoise water , and I really ca n't blame him for that .
 I bought this movie because I am interested in watching anything with Jim Caviezel . Although his acting was superb as always , I was extremely disappointed in his role in this movie . I 'm not sure this movie is up to being even a `` B '' movie - and he is a more talented actor than that . That said , I was not prepared for the attacking birds , creepy spiders , and -LRB- OMG what I hate to see the most ! -RRB- SNAKES ! Much of the movie is extremely dark , and I found myself saying why did n't they wait until daylight so they could see where they were going ? So EVEN I COULD SEE where they were going ? I did not anticipate all of the obscenities that were in the movie , and I know he is just acting , but , like another viewer noted , I did not expect this language from soft spoken Jim of ` Person of Interest ' fame . For the record , the fine print on the dust cover reads `` R '' for `` language , some disturbing violent images , and brief sexual material . '' I guess it was the `` disturbing violent images '' and the snakes that really did me in . When Peter -LRB- Jim -RRB- peaks in a tent , I covered my eyes and asked my husband to tell me what was there . -LRB- Although I already knew ... just did n't want to see . -RRB- I suppose that some people will be entertained by `` Nature 's Grave '' - I just was not one of them . Unlike many movies I watch , I do not want to see this one again . Please !
 Jim Caviezal is a great actor , but I do n't get this movie . It 's basically the story of a dysfunctional couple that goes camping and has a complete and total meltdown . There seems to be some kind of revenge of nature theme , but the whole thing does n't connect ; it 's too ambiguous . The director needs to spell it out more clearly for idiots like me , because this one does n't make a lick of sense.There was plenty of tension in the movie to keep you interested in what was going to happen but ultimatly it goes nowhere . I would recommendMadison , Frequency -LRB- New Line Platinum Series -RRB- orOutlander , but this movie fails .
 I ordered this since Caviezel was popular again with the Outlander success , and Screen Media has had two hits of late with Bustin Down the Door and An American Affair . Guess there has to be a miss sooner or later - this would be the miss.The story follows an unhappily married couple as they venture to a secluded northern Australia beach to camp and relax . They also bring a dog -LRB- relevant to the atrocious writing at the end -RRB- . Whilst they camp and plod around , they talk , do stupid things to nature , argue and become fearful of the animals surrounding them . That about sums it up . The writing was hilarious at times , even though this is a suspense movie . For instance , our guy becomes upset because his lady trashes an eagle egg , but it was ok for him to execute a sea lion the scene before , whatever . There is also this plague of bad lighting throughout the entire film during each night shot.The scenery is beautiful , and the film stock was good . The sound is average and the DVD is bare bones with some bizarre cover art . One last little gripe , when you select the Play option from the menu , that should not include making you watch the trailers before the film starts . SPOILERS
 Got the message of the movie and you have to give them A - for originality but Nature is the killer do n't even see how they got killed which iis the best part of a thriller not bad-ish but it could have been wayyyyyyyyybetter especially coming from an actor as James Caviezel come on and I rather there had been more than 2 people through 98 % of the movie maybe then it could give it that scarey feel .
 I understand the message but I 'm glad there was less than one hour left when I stumbled across this on a movie channel.What did the dog do to deserve to be closed up in their car where he would have died ? He could n't help who his owners were.At least we might have been left with a small hope the dog could survive on his own.Just for that I will say the movie Sucked.I definitely will Not be watching this whole movie if it 's on again .
 Please . If you are at all discriminating ... avoid this piece of trash at all costs.Nothing the blurbs promise does this movie ever deliver.The producers of this film had every opportunity of making the best of some gorgeous beach landscapes ... unfortunately all was lost in complete darkness and we are n't even given a hint as to why.There is absolutely no plot or story line to this movie . There is no connection between the two main characters . Jim Caveiziel must be really harf up for money ... . or certainly needs a new agent.There is absolutely nothing scary or horrific about this movie , except the fact that someone actually bothered to produce it . Sigh.The only gratifying scene was the last 5 minutes when Cavieziel was smashed into smithereens by an Aussie 18-wheeler . Thank you , God.Believe me , save your money and 88 minutes of your life . . find something entertaining . ` The Blob ' of 1958 would be a welcome relief from this piece of tripe . Thanks ... and be forewarned ... it 's not worth your time if you are a serious horror fan ...
 I guess I need to be wary of movies that use the word `` dog '' in their titles , it just might represent truth in advertising ! What do you think about when you hear `` Vampire Dog ? '' Right away , I conjured dozens of wacky sight gags , silly puns , and ridiculous spoofs . Just the notion of this dog having vampiric tendencies -LRB- even comical ones -RRB- opens up a myriad of mental images and potentially humorous situations . The problem with `` Vampire Dog '' is that its screenplay is so lazy , it never makes a convincing argument that Fang -LRB- the doggie in question , voiced by Norm MacDonald -RRB- is supernatural or even special . It cracks wise , to be sure , but is never particularly funny . What makes it a vampire exactly ? Apparently it 's very old , comes from Transylvania , moves like lightning , and consumes red jelly -LRB- this is actually Jello , but I guess they could n't afford brand royalties -RRB- . That 's the back story of Fang in a nutshell.Fang is taken in by an awkward youth -LRB- Collin MacKechnie -RRB- . The primary message of the movie is that it 's okay to be yourself . While that 's always a welcome inspiration , a little cleverness in the telling would have been greatly appreciated . In addition to helping MacKechnie fit in at school -LRB- and score his first girlfriend -RRB- , the plot also has a couple of evil scientists pursuing the canine . These two bumble along in slapstick scenarios to get close to Fang in order to develop an anti-aging technology . At best , it 's mildly amusing . At worst , it 's the sloppiest kind of filmmaking . At times , whole scenes seem to be missing as the action is n't tied together in any tangible way . One example
 The plot is stupid even by this film 's standards . The effects are corny at best . I seen better effects in a Ed Wood film . The cast is unlikeable . The Killer Turkey looks more like a sock puppet then a real turkey . The shark from Jaws 3 looks more real then that . The only A + here is the blood & gore . It also has too much gross-out humor . I give this film a 1 out of 10 .
 Okay , so I write this knowing that one of the filmmakers who made `` Thankskilling '' is on here and is probably checking out these reviews from time to time , which makes me feel a little hesitant and guilty . However , after watching this , I still feel the need to A -RRB- Vent and B -RRB- Don my sandwich-board sign and crazy-man beard and warn others to stay far , far away from this movie.This was absolutely atrocious . Thankskilling plays like The Gingerdead Man meets Poultrygeist meets the dookie one of the characters shows us in the coffee pot about 5 minutes in . I have mad respect for indie filmmakers , especially those working on microbudgets -LRB- as they clearly were here -RRB- , but jeez , if you ca n't write , spare us all and do n't make a movie.The plot is , a bunch of cardboard cutout characters encounter an ancient turkey summoned by a Native American necromancer who was maligned by a pilgrim around the time of the first ever Thanksgiving . As a result , the killer turkey goes around offing people who have done wrong to Native Americans -LRB- although none of the people he kills in this have actually done so -RRB- while also talking and cursing up a storm like a rap thug -LRB- naturally -RRB- . Obviously this is meant to be a spoof of ye olde slasher movie -LRB- yawn -RRB- , and is strikingly similar in tone and construction to Full Moon 's `` Gingerdead Man . '' However , movies like `` Gingerdead Man , '' while flawed in their own right , are still witty and layered enough to be entertaining , and there 's a fine line between making clever satire and just making a dumb movie -LRB- or as Spinal Tap said , `` between stupid and clever '' -RRB- . With its host of annoying stereotypical characters as well as no-liners from the killer turkey , this flick crossess the line and ventures into intellectually-challenged 5 year-old land . Saying it 's `` supposed to be stupid '' is n't an excuse . I could draw a stick figure and say it 's a fascinating work of art because I meant it to be terrible and in the stick-figure style - it do n't make me Picasso.Jerry Seinfeld said that profanity is just a shortcut to comedy , and these filmmakers would 've done better to take his words to heart , because in the end , relying on having a killer turkey puppet run around and call people `` B!tch '' to try to make your audience laugh may 've worked in 1993 , but it do n't work now . Even at 66 minutes , this is a complete waste of time . Sorry , but pass .
 Shot on a shoestring budget , the horror/comedy Thankskilling -LRB- 2009 -RRB- features a vindictive , foul-mouthed demonic turkey that goes on a killing spree during Thanksgiving . With a bird that can speak , drive a car , use weapons , have sex with a woman , and impersonate a man , reality is the furthest thing from consideration , as this insanity is n't meant to be taken at all seriously . The dialog is mostly awful , and the acting is not too far behind , but the film co-written by Kevin Stewart -LRB- who also directs -RRB- and Jordan Downey , has a certain crude charm that makes it enjoyable on some level.Five friends headed home for Thanksgiving , run across the killer turkey , who then attempts to kill the members of the group and their families . Some creative shooting is employed to feature the turkey on his quest for vengeance , and the results while not always convincing , are usually executed well enough to be entertaining and funny , rather than being a complete flop.The talkative turkey is the supernatural incarnation of an enraged native American who hates white people . The turkey has a strong personality , and is quite obnoxious , taunting his victims before ruthlessly striking them down . When hijacking a car , the turkey has the driver call his daughter on his cell phone , and while on the line , shoots him in the head . In another outrageous act , the turkey encounters a couple having sex , and after killing the male , replaces him , and comes to climax , before breaking the woman 's neck . The madness continues , when the turkey eliminates the local sheriff , who is the father of one in group , and then successfully impersonates him.Even with a short 66 minute run time , it takes a while for things to happen , but the action does pick up in the second half , as the film moves along briskly to a remarkable conclusion . Thankskilling makes no pretentions of being other than what it is , and the results are not that bad given the meager budget . If you like your horror/comedy with cheesy acting , airheaded dialog , and a ridiculous villain , this cult favorite might be just the thing to serve up on your viewing platter .
 Ever since Sid was just a young Elf the holiday season has always held plenty of anticipation and great memories ; mostly including Santa overeating , then passing out , and having stuff thrown at him for countless hours while watching B on illegally accessed movie channels . Being the true holiday enthusiasts we are always looking to incorporate B with the current season . Whether it beJack FrostorChristmas Evilfor Christmas , Uncle Samfor fourth of July , tons of B horror for Halloween , we just ca n't seem to get enough of the holiday themed B. Which is what brings us to our feature presentation Thankskilling . Outside of overeating and watching football Thanksgiving has n't given us much in the B department . Finally there was a concept perfect or the occasion.Within the first 5 seconds you are introduced to your first rack of the evening which has always been well appreciated by the Sid brothers . As you watch a busted busty chick running from a turkey hand puppet type creature you are made well aware what you 're getting into . Clearly this movie was n't expected to be taken serious , which is something we fully embrace , but it was honestly too bad to even enjoy . The concept is great ... a turkey resurrected using Native American magic to act out some murderous deeds on a bunch of hicks . However it just does n't play out as great as it sounded . It was an unfortunate flick for us but that does n't mean it ca n't be enjoyed . It 's a no budget type that is only built for a specific movie viewer . Instead we 'll stick with watching Santa come close to choking to death on a huge Thanksgiving day after turkey sandwich .
 < strong > ThanksKilling < / strong > -LRB- Jordan Downey , 2009 -RRB- This is a movie about an ancient , homicidal turkey with an arsenal of bladed weapons first taking out a bunch of pilgrims , then going after some modern-day partiers . Which means that , yes , it is absolutely as awful as you would believe given the title . Downey , a special-effects guy by trade , rounds up a bunch of , if not young-and-beautifuls , at least young-and-attractives , including porn star Wanda Lust in a topless cameo , and sends his -LRB- presumably -RRB- animatronic turkey after them . Yes , that 's the entire plot . Everything about this movie is horrible , from camerawork to lighting to acting to sound effects to ... anything else you can think of . Please , if you value your sanity , avoid this .
 I love cheesy horror movies , ala Troma Films , but this movie was just completely bad . There were about three parts that were actually chuckle worthy , but otherwise the absolutely terrible acting and overly stereotyped characters makes this movie completely unwatchable.I can honestly say I completely wasted my time watching this all the way through with only about 15 seconds worth of laughing . Save yourself that time and skip this movie and move on to some other cheesy horror that is actually good like Poultrygeist .
 There is nothing redeeming about this film . I love a good , campy horror flick as much as the next guy , but this movie makes me embarrassed to even say that . Not funny , not scary , not sincere , there is no point to watching this movie . You ca n't even watch it with friends and make fun of the filmmakers because apparently they `` intended '' it to be stupid and that 's why its fun . Yeah , I do n't think so .
 This show sucked ass . . low low budget movie with very poor acting.Who ever liked this had to be smokin the blunt . . if you like retarded movies for laugh 's then this one is it . . Turkey killing and screwing people and using a gravy covered condem extra small . .
 The premise of this flick is pretty simple . Way back when , a Native American had cursed a turkey and unleashed it on the pilgrims . Reanimated by an unfortunately aimed stream of dog wee-wee , the homicidal turkey resumes his rampage after spending a few centuries in the ground . Enter the five college kids driving home together for Thanksgiving break who happened to have vehicle issues . Would n't you know it ? They end up being hunted down by the turkey . Can they stop the turkey before it kills them all ? Will the turkey take over the entire world ? Do vertical stripes make people appear slimmer ? Does anyone care?Thankskilling is not a horror movie , horror-comedy , or any other horror-related subgenre . It 's really set up as a full on comedy the results of which are n't very funny , and mainly comprised of superficial and sometimes offensive silliness . The enjoyable aspect of this is that while watching the movie it 's obvious how much fun the performers and crew are having making Thankskilling despite the purposeful ridiculousness of the material . This alone is at least strangely , if not potently , entertaining.The film 's cast is largely comprised of young folks who 'd had either zero , very little , or exclusively pornographic acting experience prior to shooting Thankskilling . The results are predictably bad , but clearly there were no Oscar aspirations involved in the making of this film . The characters are all generic slasher archetypes . There 's the jock , the slut , the nerd , the regular guy -LRB- or large , but lovable redneck in this case -RRB- and the good girl . These archetypes are alluded to as such , but that 's where the self-aware movie conceit stops , leaving several potential jokes to die on the vine .
 This is the worst movie I ever seen . The characters are bunch of sterotypes to the extreme . The film makers probaly thought they were being clever but fall short . This movie was not funny nor scary and the characters are beyond stupid . From the terrible beginning which includes a women running around to topless for no reason to the lacklaster ending do yourself a favor do n't even netflix this film .
 This lackluster end-of-the-world film wo n't give you any thrills.Doomsday 2012 is all the rage.As a society , we go from one end-of-the-world scenario to another - and Hollywood happily obliges these fixations with films that attempt to prick our deepest doomsday fears .2012 Supernova is one of the few that attempts to scare audiences with a fictional account of what could be a real-life scenario on Dec. 21 , 2012 - the day the Mayan calendar ends.As far as end-of-the-world films go , 2012 Supernova is n't terrible , but it 's not great , either . It focuses on one family only ; most films have three or four story lines that gradually merge . Focusing on this family is just too much.Brian Krause plays an astrophysicist who has been tracking a star that has become unstable in another galaxy . The star explodes and sends a pulse across space , destroying everything in its path with some major radiation.While he tries to find a solution with Chinese and Russian scientists , he sends his wife , Laura , -LRB- Heather McComb -RRB- and daughter to find shelter at a nearby military base . Of course , it is n't that easy . The women have to travel in strange natural disasters caused by the star pulse 's ripples.In many scenes the mother and daughter are driving vehicles and trying not to panic . They nearly get caught in a landslide , flattened by rocks , swept up by a Twister-like tornado and get raped by a nasty backwoods guy.Their plight gets old fast - and is n't really all that interesting . It wore on my nerves after a while . However , I really liked McComb 's acting.There is someone working against the scientists to make sure the pulse is n't stopped and Earth is destroyed . There are some good red herrings , but I figured out who it was fairly easily based on body language and lines . The astrophysicist goes into space on a death mission to save Earth .2012 Supernova is okay , but not exactly a must-have . There is definite cheese with the lines and the acting , though you can expect that with any doomsday cinema - even the films with top-billed actors.I will say , though , that this film does n't seem as bad as -LRB- I remember -RRB- The Day After Tomorrow.The DVD includes a blooper reel and a featurette called `` Making of 2012
 Every once in awhile a movie comes along that 's ` so bad it 's good ' . We all know the types of movies I 'm talking about . ` Plan 9 From Outer Space ' was so terrible on every level , and was cheesier than all the cheese in Wisconsin combined , that it was hard * not * to be entertained by it . Same with movies like ` Evil Dead ' , starring Bruce Campbell , a movie that certainly had a low budget , cheesy special effects , but the movie -LRB- unlike the sequel , which was more along the lines of a comedy , and a good one at that -RRB- had some genuinely creepy moments , such as when the first character -LRB- ca n't remember her name -RRB- was possessed . The acting was at least half way believable , and the setting was indeed foreboding and ominous . You walked away from the movie with the feeling that they were at least trying.Then there are the movies like this one , ones that are so bad that they ` re ... well , bad . As in , terrible acting . As in , deep , yawning chasms in the plot , plot holes big enough for the Milky Way Galaxy to fit through.Before I go any further , I 'd like to pontificate for a moment about what makes a good movie a good movie , at least in my opinion . If there are any aspiring movie-makers out there who might be reading this , pull up a chair , get comfortable , and start taking notes . Here are some very basic rules for making an entertaining movie : # 1
 Where can I start to cleave this piece of garbage ? This movie deserves NO STARS . The story was tone deaf , I figured out who the bad guy was the first time I saw them , the special fx were something developed out of an 80 's toaster program , I 've seen better acting in a grade school class play .
 I did n't recognize a single one of the actors in this movie ; and will remember none of them . I literally could not tell the girlfriend and the daughter apart , from scene to scene ; both were slim dark-haired actresses -LRB- showing a truly lamentable lack of foresight -RRB- . And although they were supposedly unrelated to each other , I suspect -LRB- given their abilities -RRB- that they WERE related to someone in Casting.Also
 I can not agree more with the other posters . I am glad that I watched this trash on SCI FI and didnt pay for it.It just kept going on and on with no point . No one ate etc for how many days . The special effects were anything but special . Telephones etc r supposed to be `` dead '' bcse of the rays but car radios and some televisions are working lolBuildings were exploding but there werent any people , In fact , there were no real mob scenes of people running for their lives.If 2012 really does happen , I say toss the original and any copies of this trash into a pit !
 2012 - supernova is the worst , absolute worst movie ever made -LRB- and i watch alot of movies -RRB- . this shouldnt be called a movie , its more like a bastardization and mockery of the concept of a movie.here are my ratings of each important aspect of a movie : Plot - 1 . its better to watch grass grow than watch this crap . grass growth has a better plot than this `` film '' . action - 1 . action was cheesy to say the least . u would have more fun watching ants attack a grasshopper than to enjoy the action scenes in this ... `` film '' . graphics - 1 ... good grief , ... i am being generous when i give this a 1 . all the lightening effects , and the tornado effects and so on were completely , silly . 1980 's cartoons have waaay better graphics than this.IMO , if u wan na buy this `` film '' , go ahead , but unless u have been living under mount everest for the past 200yrs ... u wont find this humerous , much less watchable . i guarantee you will burn this.and folks , DONT WATCH THIS WITH FRIENDS ... this is not for `` movie '' night with the peeps . if rep means anything to you ... you will be embarrassed if you air this foolishness .
 The only good acting out of the whole movie was the lead man , Brian Krause.The graphics were what you would find in a hand held videocam recording . The rest of the actors and actresses performed like the ones on a spaghetti western . I 'm glad that I rented it and did n't buy it .
 This Movie was so bad that it does n't deserve the 1 star I had to give it . If this movie had been made in the early 50s , there could maybe be some excuse for it . But it was n't , and there is no excuse for making such a bad movie . I have seen science fiction made in the 50s that was much better than this . The other reviewers have already said everything that needs to be said . Do n't waste your time or money.Bobby
 Plan 9 From Outer Space now has a rival for the worst movie ever made . This movie is so bad that it actually may be worth watching for a laugh . There are so many glaring inconsistencies in plot , location , setting , time-line , and background that it is hard to believe it was not done on purpose . One example -LRB- and this should not be classified as a spoiler - nothing could spoil this movie any worse -RRB-
 This movie was absolute trash . I did n't bother buying the movie . I just watched it online , and it was n't even worth watching online . The acting was poor and so was the character 's . Whoever made this movie should be ashamed of themself 's . Please do n't waste your time watching this movie . Your not going to find anything good in this movie .
 The box claims this event is caused by a star in a `` nearby galaxy '' going supernova when the movie claims it was from the constellation Lyra . Stars go supernova all the time . All they do is light up the sky for a while due to light passing through gasses near said star . However in this scenario of really bad science , the radiation comes to us in waves , ignoring dissipation through the inverse square law . Even if it did get here , it would could not cause earthquakes , or lightning , or tornadoes , at least without being powerful enough to destroy all life first . I am also confused by the idea that exploding atomic weapons by the magnetosphere would somehow enhance it . Perhaps this is some left over bad science from the movie `` Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea . '' Curse you Michael Ansara ! While driving his family to the base in a black GMC SUV , the Bruce Krause is encountered by an identical SUV which pulls up along side of him and shoots at his head point blank with an automatic weapon . Bruce verves off the road into the desert . The vehicle is unmarked by the gunshot . After driving through bad desert , he comes back on the highway in front of the other SUV ! They give chase shooting all the way . The family runs away on foot , only to get met by guys with bad Iranian accents . They get killed in a nick of time.Bruce gets separated from his family . At the base he meets a Chinese scientist who develops an accent as the story moves along and a man with a bozo hair-do with a bad Russian accent . While they are attempting to save the planet , there is someone in his group that is trying to stop the doctor from doing so . Meanwhile the wife and daughter are back at home searching for a necklace in the kitchen of all places . They attempt to meet with their husband at the base , but have to dodge lightening used from `` Beneath the Planet of the Apes . '' They decide it is safer to leave the insulated vehicle with 4 rubber tires and run through an open field , dodging lightning . They eventually get aided by a farmer who looks like Tor Johnson -LRB- I am required to make 1 Tor Johnson reference every 100 reviews -RRB- and he happens to like young teenage girls -LRB- who does n't ? -RRB- . Mom drives his pick-up truck after she knocks out Toj like an expert NASCAR driver and they decide to try to make it to a cave instead , although the cave seems further away than the base.For some reason atomic missiles just ca n't be launched into space and exploded , they must first go into a space station and launched from there . When the space station goes out , our international trio of scientist head to the space station . Bruce is in the station when it explodes , yet we see him later with his family . There was no Flash Gordon moment when we go back and see his escape . If this ruined it for you . Good . You do n't need to watch this movie unless stoned to the bejesus.Plug
 I READ THE REVIEWS ON 2012 SUPER NOVA AND TOOK IT BACK TO WALMART UNOPENED AND GOT MY MONEY BACK .
 Geez ... all I can say is that all the `` 1-star '' reviews are absolutely correct ! This is one of the worst movies I ever seen . Poor effect , poor scripts , lousy acting , ... you name it , all are here ! Probably this is the Director 's first `` trial '' movie ?? Oh please ...
 This is about the worst movie I have ever seen -- terrible acting . . terrible special effects and bad camera work . I kept expecting the robots from Mystery Science Theatre 3000 so pop up . This movie was made for them to make fun of . When there was an earthquake someone just stood and shook the camera and the actors fell back and forth against the walls . I thought this was made in the 70s the sets were so bad and the special effects were a joke . Their computer screen at the military base or whatever it was looked like the original pong game . The dialogue was hilareous it was so stupid . DONT RENT IT AND DONT BUY IT >
 I just regret I did not listen to the comments from the fellow reviewers below , but as a hard die sci-fi went ahead anyway . In a nutshell , this is a really bad bad movie , from any angle you look at it . Lousy plot , mediocre acting and directing , poor special effects , using lots of old NASA clips from the Space Shuttle , and so rudimentary that any TV series from the late 70s has better SFX than this flick . I really think that despite the low budget , nowadays there is no excuse for making such a lousy movie -LRB- and Moon demonstrates that a good movie does not necessarily requires a fat budget -RRB- . And by the way , the 2012 addition to the title is just a marketing hook trying to take advantage of the 2012 phenomena hype.In summary , do not waste your time and money watching this movie . Together withImpact , Meteor , Polar Storm , andMeteor Apocalypse , 2012
 Yikes ! Some movies are so bad they 're worth watching , maybe in an altered state . Starship Troopers was like that . Of course , it also had Denise Richards , which made up for a lot . Then there are other movies that are just horrible from start to finish and nothing -LRB- not even the special effects -RRB- can save them . This is one of those . So bad I had to fast forward through much of it , and even at double and triple speed the ending did not come soon enough . One of those films where you actually hope everyone dies in the end , and that the Earth is destroyed , so that people 's lives and energy will never be wasted making trash like this again . A complete failure - you 'd be better off watching mold grow on the old broccoli in your refrigerator drawer .
 The acting is far below that of a B movie . The scientific inaccuracy is far too great to support any suspension of disbelief .
 I enjoy bad movies , the sort of movies that are so bad that they 're funny . Movies like Killer Condom , Amazon Women in the Avacado Jungle of Death , Barbarella , and most anything done by MST3K . This movie is not in that realm , it is just plain bad ... it lacks the charm and humor of a good campy movie . The premise sounds amusing , but really , do n't waste your time with this one .
 I must admit I purchased this only to see the lovely Gates McFadden . If you are thinking along the same lines , DO NOT buy this without renting it first . She only appears for about five minutes , albeit in a t-shirt and shorts . I did watch the movie and can say that as a comedy , it makes a good sedative . This idea was better done later with Amazon Women on the Moon
 It 's a stormy night , and one last plane gets away from a London airport , to head out across the Atlantic with only a few passengers on board . However , it proves to be an unfortunate mix when things start to go wrong , people start to go missing and blood starts to flow ... could the mysterious Chinese vase in the hold be anything to do with it?Ok , so there are two main problems here . Credibility , and budget . When we see the air traffic control centre in the airport , we know there 's a problem , with its tiny room and sets all but looking like they will wobble if you lean on them . When a busy London airport is closing down and there are n't hundreds of passengers trying to find somewhere to sleep until their flight can leave , or lining up at airline customer support desks , but only the few people getting on this plane and no-one else , we know there is a problem . Indeed , even the look of the film feels ` made for TV ' - ish . Even the stars of the movie are actors who are not exactly at their peak - Mark Hamill has a terrific reputation as voice over artist , but when was the last starring role you saw him in that was n't Star Wars . . ? And it 's a shock to see Julian Glover delivering hammy exposition . . `` well , I always thought it was a legend , but the story goes that . . '' etc. . And the effects - there 's not many , but when they do appear they 're pretty underwhelming . Slightly glowing eyes is not enough to spark terror somehow.It 's a relatively novel idea and I wanted to like it , a good claustrophobic thriller with supernatural element . I relished the build up , and overlooked the absurdity of it and the budget feel , feeling sure the story would suck me in - there are , after all , some decent actors here and it 's only on screen for 78 minutes so theoretically should hardly outstay its welcome . Alas , with no support from the scriptwriters or effect artists the actors just do n't have enough to chew on . There are some minor surprises along the way , but nothing so notable as to keep your attention from drifting . There is certainly blood , and plenty of it , and you can feel the director trying his hardest to wring some tension out of some scenes to build up to a decent jump ... but he does n't quite pull it off.It 's not exactly that it 's an embarrassing effort for anyone involved , but as a thriller or as a supernatural movie , sorry , it just wo n't fly .
 Why the **** do our main characters die in movies ? This reminds of me Paranormal Activity -LRB- in the regards that despite the trials of our main characters , they die -RRB- WHAT ?!?! Is that how this movie ends ???? WTF!Basically the plane with all its passengers -LRB- or whats left of those alive -RRB- crash into the ocean ! What the f *** kind of ending is that ??? Moreover , boring all the way through . It started off good , and the horror music kept you going . But it just leads to dissappointment.One word to descibe this movie
 The passengers of flight ATL626 are in for some turbulence when several people go missing aboard the plane . Things heat up when the hijackers reveal themselves to the crowd , but no one could expect the dark forces that are truly at work at 30,000 feet ! Least of all , the viewer . AIRBORNE sets itself up as a murder mystery involving international terrorists in order to deceive the audience while building towards the major plot twist that occurs midway through the flight . The problem is , the twist is so ridiculous and unfathomable that the film immediately loses all appeal . The supernatural elements at work serve no purpose being aboard the plane , making the setting completely irrelevant . As the passengers struggle in the air , a group of traffic controllers battle a secretive military operation on the ground , but considering that these characters have absolutely no impact on the outcome of the flight , they become entirely unnecessary and a waste of screen time . In addition , we are left with no identifiable heroes , but rather a range of cardboard characters for whom we care nothing . The excitement and suspense never get off the ground in this confused thriller.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 i fell a sleep on this movie . did not keep my intrest at all . very slow and to the point .
 Oh man , is this movie ever bad ! Richard Dreyfuss , Linda Hamilton and Liv Tyler star in this convoluted yet ultimately stupid stew of tv movie cliches -LRB- the troubles of an autistic boy -RRB- , a murder mystery and `` Fatal Attraction '' with a little `` Lolita '' for spice , because Liv 's so hot . In fact , the only reason I watched this in the first place was because she 's in it ! Curse my manly urges for visiting this film upon me!It features one of the most misconceived plot devices yet employed in mainstream cinema - the kid can perfectly imitate any voice he 's ever heard , and has a photographic memory , so they overdub his vocals , which turns him into a mini - `` Mercury Theatre on the Air '' and the whole movie goes straight into the toilet . You have to see this scene to believe how horrible it plays.Really , if Liv was n't in this , it 'd be a 1-star effort .
 I bought this movie based on the actors in it , particularly Richard Dreyfus and John Lithgow and the reviews posted on Amazon . They are both really good actors . However , I was deeply disappointed . The movie and the acting was flat . It was pretty easy to figure out that Liv Tyler was really the star and thus , the killer . It was not worth the money I paid and will probably not trust the any more Amazon reviews .
 Honestly . I am happy to finally own all the episodes of the first season . The show was still finding its legs , and it was n't until season two that it really found it 's stride , but it 's still worth it to own them . But for the price listed ? If this were a good release , replete with special features , commentary , interviews with Richard Dean Anderson and even Henry Winkler - it might be . I 'm a crazy fan , so I bought it , but I am not happening.It 's strange logic , no doubt . Paramount will probably pony up the cash for a sweet season two release if season one does well , but it wo n't do well with this release . Way to shoot yourself in the foot.My advice
 But now that I 'm all grown up , it 's one of the most boring shows one can think of . So maybe a good buy for children , but not for adults .
 I received this item in a damaged state . The 4th disc was literally cut in half . I have gotten no response from the sellers as to whether they will reimburse me or not . Not satisfied at all .
 I 've waited , as have other Macgyver fans , for so long for the first season -LRB- my favorite season by the way -RRB- to come out on DVD . Yes , I finally have my favorite episodes together , but it 's sad that Paramount released it like this . Looking at the box art , you feel that some college student produced it from his dorm room . I can even look past the fact that there are no special features . What I ca n't look past is that there are no original air dates . Every television show I have on DVD has at least the original air dates . The navigation menus offer no motion or music , something I 've never seen done to any DVD . Again , Macgyver will always be one of my favorite all time shows . Too bad , it gets such poor DVD treatment .
 As others have stated , there are no extras , digital remastering , etc on this DVD set . This is as bare bones as it gets . However , that is not why I give this set a low rating . The main reason I buy DVD sets of my favorite shows is to get uncut episodes . Everything in syndication has been chopped up to allow time for more commercials . So I like to purchase the DVD and watch the TV show as it originally aired . For most of my TV show sets this has been the case . However , there is missing footage from some of the episodes contained on this DVD set . The episode that is cut the most is `` Thief of Budapest '' . There is about 27 seconds cut from the opening credits , then more than 2 minutes cut from the rest of the episode . I compared it with the version shown in Norway . The episodes air uncut over there and are 48 minutes long . Several of these episodes are 1 minute -LRB- or more -RRB- shorter than 48 minutes . I would rather they charge a few dollars more and get the uncut episodes on there .
 I watched MacGyver for years when it was on , and continued to watch the re-runs on various channels as well . Then I got the DVDs for birthdays and holidays . I was psyched -LRB- yes , child of the 80 's -RRB- . I got these as a gift , so I 'm quite greatful , but so far -LRB- Season 1 -RRB- , the quality of the DVD is HORRIBLE.I do n't much care for the extra frills -LRB- behind the scenes , actor bios , etc. -RRB- , but Paramound did n't even bother to fix any damage to the master film/tape that they were using . I agree with user D. Mok 's review , they did a horrible and lazy job of putting this beloved series to DVD . Makes me think that at times I 'm watching a film in class on the vintage high-school reel-to-reel projectors.I bet if I go out and get the original 1979 Battlestar Galactica on DVD it wo n't be anywhere near this bad in quality.For now , save yourself the money , buy a DVD recorder and record it on SpikeTV ... it 's probably better quality .
 very disappointed . we are in the 21st century . every major production companies have digitally remastered their old TV series and movies except for one studio
 I was very disappointed in the quality of the season 1 DVD box set . There is absolutely no bonus materials , no enhanced/restored video and audio , and the packaging job was cheesy as all hell . This TV program is a cult classic and it should be treated as such . I certainly hope the season 2 set has more features and better picture and sound quality . I think I 'm going to write to Paramount Television and tell them what a bang up job they did . And by the way , Bilbo Bayonets is a shmuck .
 The series really suffered because of acting and , in later years , writing . The first season is alright , though . MacGuyver does n't grow a social conscience -LRB- e.g. , jump the shark -RRB- until later in the series .
 The concept of the show was tolerable at best but inately sophomoric . The lead actor is profoundly untalented . Spend your money elsewhere .
 Sorry but i 'm going to get flamed for this . Spoilers ahead.I am not a fan of this movie . Not a fan of the dub/audio . The audio sounded really muted at times and hard to understand . There 's classic American bastardization of martial arts films via too lazy to call the character by his real name in this film . Not nearly as bad as the crap dub for Nine Demons . The plot is rather ridiculous . The film does have lots of action in it but at times is rather campy . Chiba 's mannerisms is a bit silly . You would think as he 's `` hulking '' up somebody would interrupt him but nah . They let him get in a full constipated breath session before they get their asses whooped . They also did n't really do much development on Dinsau . On the one hand they paint him as some ruthless bad ass mercenary . However , later on , they then try to portray him as some honorable mercenary . What is it exactly ? When Chiba is tied up to a tree , Dinasu blatantly `` fake '' slices his ropes allowing him to escape . How in hell did the Female Yakuza boss not shoot Dinsau for the mess up ? When the action is not too over the top I think its ok . The action choreography is more grounded in reality and is your typical block/punch/kick martial arts film without the need for excessive wirework . One action sequence that I particularly liked was when Chiba did a flip escape on a yakuza member in a sit down meeting for the original kidnapping of the oil tycoon 's daughter . If you are expecting typical Japanese Action Club acrobatics , this is not the film for you . I tried to have an open mind watching this but it just did n't appeal to me .
 The Street Fighter is a great film but this DVD release is terrible . I was only able to watch about 10 minutes of it . In the 10 minutes , the dubbing went from normal -LRB- for a kung-fu flick anyways -RRB- to awful . Before I turned it off , the dubbing was so bad that when Chiba hit someone , you did n't hear a noise until 3-4 seconds after the fact . If you just like to listen to movies but not watch them then pick this one up .
 This was a terribly disappointing season from one of the cleverest , funniest shows of recent history . Sure , it 's still better than 9/10ths of American network tv , but for someone who enjoyed the previous three seasons it 's a real let down . I could go into details , but others are writing more cogently . I just wanted to help fans of the show adjust their expectations downward before they buy this disc .
 3 great seasons and it goes down the drain . Jeff 's replacement sucks . Also the rest of the crew like Jane starts to change . Its not funny anymore .
 Having enjoyed tremendously the first three seasons , the fourth would have been better left alone . I 'm sorry I bought this fourth season , as it really makes you yearn even more for the earlier three seasons . The lack of Jeff 's presence is made painfully clear by the bumbling , well meaning but totally ineffective newcomer who should n't even try to fill Jeff 's shoes . The total professionalism that Jeff showed by withdrawing from the series is soo very understandable !! The series would have become a cult classic if it had ended after the third season !! No one remembers the series that faded out ... this show deserved soooo much better than to become a cheap copy -LRB- ! -RRB- of the UNWATCHABLE US series ` friends ' .
 It was bad enough that Jeff was n't present but trying to fit the character Oliver into the picture made things even worse . All of the chemistry between the characters seemed to have vanished and the show just kind of limped along .
 I bought the first three seasons of Coupling after watching them on PBS , but I wo n't be buying season 4 as it is simply AWFUL!Without the Richard Coyle character Jeff , the series does indeed seem to limp along , a dim shadow of the funny show it once was!Maybe the writers of the first three seasons left with him.The Oliver character is simply too friggan stupid to believe , too stupid to live actually!I guess this was the last season and it 's not hard to see why.R.I.P Coupling .
 My sister bought me COupling Season 4 off my Amazon wish list for Christmas . Yayyyy ! Just opened to watch the season and found two copies of disc # 2 in the box ; basically an outtakes disc with no full episodes . Got zero copies of disc 1 which has the episodes . Feeling really ripped off right now . : - -LRB-
 No Jeff , no explanation for why he 's not in the show anymore . Replaced by Oliver . Format has changed from the previous 3 seasons , the new way is lame , annoying and not particularly funny anymore . We really enjoyed the first 3 seasons but are not enjoying the last season .
 ... you get Season 4 of `` Coupling '' . For 3 seasons this was a brilliant , brilliant comedy that combined a terrific spot-on cast with the writing talents of Steven Moffat . Absolute magic.I have no clue why Richard Coyle left the series thereby removing his character Geoff . Perhaps -LRB- perhaps , perhaps -RRB- he sensed that the series was heading toward the shark tank and decided to bail before the decidedly un-funny Sally-Patrick relationship storyline gained momentum . Whatever the case , I prefer to think of the series as ending at the conclusion of Season 3 . There were certainly funny moments in Season 4 . Jack Davenport as Steve , Gina Bellman as Jane , and Ben Miles as Patrick were all tremendously talented comedians . But the writing began to suffer as the voices of Sally and Susan began to sound like fingernails on a chalkboard rather than provide humour . What was a tremendously funny comedy series that provided me with some of the best belly-laughs I 've ever had became a mire of gender gap jokes that were n't as funny as they were sad and pathetic . I began to emit courtesy laughs just to cover for the obvious embarrassment of the actors . Then I just turned off the tube altogether . A sad conclusion indeed . In the end you could just see the shark tank looming up ahead .
 I loved season 1-3 , but was terribly disappointed in series 4 . Why would they try and add a character who so obviously trying to replace Jeffery ? You just can not immitate that character . Richard Coyle is one in a million in that role . They would have been a lot better off with a fresh start adding a totally new character , but they did n't . Buy 1-3 but do n't bother with 4 in my opinion .
 The original show was broadcast widescreen and the DVDs are widescreen . Why is it streaming in pan and scan?I rate Coupling Series 4 `` 3 '' stars -LRB- series 1-3 rate `` 5 '' -RRB- , but it 's unacceptable that it 's not being shown in its original format .
 Let me start off by saying I loved Seasons 1-3 . I have watched them again and again , but I resisted buying Season 4 because of Jeff 's absence . Finally , I caved . After all , while Jeff was a great part of the show , he was not THE show . How bad could it be?Bad . Painfully bad.I do not exaggerate here when I say I did n't laugh once . Not even a chuckle . Whereas before I would laugh until my sides hurt , Season 4 left me feeling uncomfortable . Dismayed . Wondering what had gone so wrong where everything previously had gone so right.It was n't just Jeff being gone . The writing was off , as was the acting . The feeling of camaraderie was gone . The characters had lost their depth , and the actors delivered their lines in a way that seemed forced.I should have followed my instincts and avoided this season . Now I need to watch 1-3 to get the bad taste of season 4 from my mouth . Yuck .
 I love love love the first three seasons of Coupling . Each season was well done , the actors were great , the storylines were fantastic , and then Richard Coyle , who played the apparently irreplaceable Jeff Murdock , left the show . The only shows in this final season that are funny or even tolerable are the ones that new cast member Richard Mylan is n't in . To be honest , it is n't even the fault of the character as written . Richard Coyle could have played the character of Oliver and made it hysterical . It is the absolute over-acting by Mylan in every scene . His scenes are just painful and are to be ff through . That said , the rest of this season is okay . It is nice to see the other characters grow . Overall , it is worth watching but lower your expectations A LOT and be prepared to hit the FF button quite a lot .
 I was dismayed to discover early in the first episode of Season 4 that Jeff was aparently already en route to Lesbos -LRB- ! -RRB- and would n't be seen for the remainder of the Series!Instead we get this inserted look & sound-alike , called Oliver , who Moffatt gives all the Jeff-like lines & situations to , but the poor Newbie just ca n't handle them , and anyone who has got as far as Season 4 with the wonderful -LRB- so-far -RRB- ` Coupling ' will be just left cringing and WISHING Jeff could be there delivering the lines in HIS inimitable and wonderfully zany and accomplished way!The rest of the cast are Wonderful , as we have come to expect & love , but each time the Oliver character appears , one is left feeling like fingernails have been dragged down a blackboard , and the whole scene is ruined by it.Stick with Seasons 1 - 3 !
 One underlying problem to those serials penned by only one creative mind is that they inevitably run out of steam . `` Coupling IV '' demonstrates this in spades . While I & II were fine examples of the genre and made one eagerly anticipate each new episode , relish each situation and have empathy with each well-developed character , this stalled somewhat in III . True , Stephen Moffat tried in the third season to introduce novel scenarios and tricks to maintain interest , and was quite successful in maintaining viewer interest and enjoyment , but this lagged badly in IV.One essential problem of course is the departure of Richard Coyle and his replacement by Richard Mylan . Mylan 's `` Oliver '' character is a whiny , lisping schlemiel who just does n't fit into the Coupling ensemble . Another problem is the stridency of Jack Davenport in his role ; one can tell that this actor is getting tired of his role and no longer enjoys the part.Although every season of Coupling has been a fine example of British Humour , one could do well to own just the first three seasons . In many ways , the last season does a lot to undermine the total enjoyment of the first three collections . My advice is to forego the disappointment and save the money .
 If all the other reviews did n't make it clear enough , let me state once more
 The movie `` Child 's Play '' is an interesting horror movie and quite imaginative , but only an average horror movie at best . The movie starts out with a murderer who is about to die after being shot by a cop and this murderer 's name is Charles Lee Ray . Ray goes to a toy store and calls upon the spirits of darkness and evil to transfer his soul from his dying body into a `` good guy doll '' . The audience discovers that Ray 's attempt to place his soul in the doll actually worked upon the discovery of `` Chucky '' who all of the sudden becomes interested in the 9:00 news . Chucky is adopted by a financially struggling mother who purchased the doll for her little boy . Well , people start dying around Chucky and the little boy blames it on Chuckie , but the police are naturally unconvinced . The mother , in a creepy little scene , finds out that Chucky is alive !! To me , this was probably the best scene in the movie and certainly the scariest . `` Child 's Play '' is a fair/average horror movie that is good for a scare or two , but the doll theme plays itself out fairly quickly and it becomes a hard sell to the audience after the doll is continuously injured ... it becomes obvious that Chucky is very much like Michael Myers and Jason Voorhees and this is a tough sell here because the doll is simply not as formidable as Myers or Voorhees.At any rate , the movie moves along and the audience discovers that Chucky desires to transfer his soul yet again into the little boy , so that he can live a real life again . Otherwise , Chucky will have to spend the rest of time in a good guy doll 's body . So , the movie continues with this theme firmly in the audience 's mind and what happens is that we have a race for the mother to convince the cop -LRB- Chris Sarandon -RRB- that Chuckie is the killer and to stop him before he can possess the child so to speak.In the movie , Chucky takes an unbelievable amount of punishment and he certainly gets his quota of kills , but like I said above , the doll theme can only be pushed so far before it becomes old and unconvincing . This movie tried to do too much with the killer doll idea and the movie became complicated and the doll became less scary . The director should have just kept it simple and I think the movie would have been more effective as a horror flick . Nevertheless , this is a decent horror film and it is worth a rent . The sequels were all terrible however .
 the ONLY Chucky movie that is n't available in Widescreen is the original . FULL SCREEN ??? This Chucky classic deserves a much better DVD treatment than it has received . We can only hope for a reissue .
 I love childs play but the format for this dvd version is horrible . IT is in standard instead of widescreen . This normally is not a problem but the PAN AND SCAN transfer is horrible . It goes downhill throughout the movie . Scenes are blurry and badly pixelated . You can only see half of the credits at the end because the screen chops them off . The finale of the movie is bad because you ca n't see chucky ! HE is cut out ! Wait for a special widescreen edition or a better film transfer .
 When I was a 9 years old kid , this movie really scared me . Not because of the concept of a killer doll , but because the idea of using black magic to transport a human soul into a cute doll is quite disturbing . I thought this movie was one of the best horror films ever made . Plus , Chucky is a very charismatic dude , so I liked this movie a lot .13 years later , and many movies later , I realized that even if the concept sounds great on paper , `` Child 's Play '' is a flawed movie.After seen this movie about 10 times since I was a kid , I discover 6 basic rules you should know about Chucky :1 -RRB- . - CHUCKY WILL OVERPOWER YOU
 I received the item and the DVD was not properly secure and was just sliding around in the case so it 's very badly scratched . I 've sent 2 emails and still NO RESPONSE . I 'm still wanting a NEW SET . I do not recommend this company to anyone . Horrible Customer Service
 Viewed
 This is without a doubt one of the worst films ever made . The plot very simple , a little boy gets a doll from his mom that is evil because of the spirit of a deranged killer inhabiting it . If you like sensless and stupid violence and weak plots and not to mention a stupid little doll being a killer , this is for you .
 On the 8th day of christmas 2011 Im going to review ... Child 's Play . There are so many plotholes in this film that I ca n't type them all in one sitting . The acting is terrible at best . The premise is preposterous & stupid . The devices that made Chucky look like he was real are faulty at best . Worst of all , even thought the cast saids that Chucky 's body is becoming more human , he can still move & LIVE without a head , with one arm and with only one leg . They to shoot it like a million times before he goes down for the count for good . Overall , while it is scary for some people , it 's dated at best . I give this movie a 2 and a half out of 10 .
 It had been years since I 'd seen this film -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , and honestly , I do n't recall what my exact impressions were then , although I do recall thinking that the antics of a murderous doll had some fright value to it.What a difference a decade and a half makes.After seeing a poster for Seed of Chucky , I decided to rent Child 's Play again just for kicks . The ridiculousness of the 80s-style horror film was evident . The adults in this film , even one who made `` detective '' , are either ignorant simpletons , or a hysterical woman . -LRB- This is as opposed to a strong woman who believes in her child . Nothing quite like perpetuating stereotypes . -RRB- The `` car chase '' scene sums up the movies infantile nonsense quite well . Chris Sarandon 's character -LRB- detective Mike Norris -RRB- is driving , and Chucky has snuck into the back seat . He first tries to choke Sarandon to death , but upon having his face burnt by a cigarette lighter that still happens to be burning hot although several minutes have passed since its last use , he gives up and resorts to trying to stab Norris through the seat . Here 's a question
 Ok , we all know dvd is quickly going he way of VHS and if you are like me you kick yourself every time you waste your money buying a `` has been '' format , I buy this one thinking `` no way they will blu this one '' then a couple weeks later the blu comes out ... oh well . Fun Movie though .
 This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen . Are we supposed to believe that a little gremlin-sized doll is going to start murdering people ? Get real . This plot is way too far-fetched .
 This is so scary that I ca n't go to bed with out having nightmares about it !! I 'm 8 years old.I have always had a thought about a doll with a knife.I have a scary doll at my house that almost looks exactly like Chuckie.I 'm telling children around the age of 5to12 avoid CHILD 'S PLAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! And I mean it !
 I think childs play is the most terrible movie of all ! I got nightmares from this movie . The doll , chucki is a very evil thing . Id rather watch nightmare on elm street ! I hope that who ever did this movie feels guilty , and I am warning kids under 11 to not see this horrer film ! I am only 10 years old !
 CHILD 'S PLAY in my opinion is the worst of all horror films that I 've seen I mean we 're supposed to believe a doll can commit all that evil please !!! I 'd have an easier time believing that a saint bernard could do that instead . The special effects . acting and plot are all looking like `` no pun indtented '' like a child thought them up so in my opinion avoid CHILD 'S PLAY .
 Unfortunately this film does not hold up after 25 years.I just could never get into the ` killer doll ' genre and take it seriously . Diff ` rent strokes for different folks i guess .
 Why did the sequels to this get better treatment than this original classic !? Reminds me of the Vacation sequels . Release this DVD in widescreen format or you 'll get no money from me .
 What a classic horror flick . And what a great way to screw it up . Full screen video , terrible audio , and a picture that makes my old VHS copy shine . No special features ... I 'd previously gotten the set that starts with the second movie , which is a very well thought-out set . From that to this . Bargain bin effort at best . I recommend waiting and hoping that they release at * least * a wide screen version in the states . Theres cheap software that will clean up the video and audio * for * MGM . They would barely have to lift a finger . Truly Disappointed . Truly , Truly .
 This was n't scary at all ! I 'm very upset that I wasted a perfectly good rental on this lousy excuse for a film . DO N'T SEE THIS MOVIE ! It 's not even funny , it 's just plain stupid ! Chucky stinks , if you want TRUE HORROR and not junk , check out Psycho , Halloween , or The Exorcist , You 'll like those better I assure you .
 This is the worst movie that has ever been made!That 's all I have to say
 Child 's Play is the kinda movie one would think up in a nightmare
 Ever since I was little I have absolutlely hated this movie with a total passion . I hate to sound negative as I talk about something but I just ca n't stand this movie . I believe that the whole of movie 's about evil dolls are becoming so stupid because they have been overdone . I mean what is the premise for a movie like this . It is a horrible plot and leaves nothing to the imagination -LRB- If you would just sit down and think about it -RRB- . I 'm sorry but it gets the one star because I just ca n't like a movie that has an evil doll as one of the main characters .
 ok this movie way to stupid i mean a killer doll thats got to be the stupidest idea ever im a huge horror fan such as a nightmare on elm street , friday the thirteenth , etc. ... . But this movie is nit scary at all its actually quite funny to laugh at the way this movie is so cheesy i cant belive all the sequels i mean a killer doll . stay away from this crap and go buy a nightmare on elm street .
 If you thought `` Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla '' had to be the worst Sammy Petrillo movie , think again . In 2007 I said of Petrillo 's performance in that vastly better -LRB- ! -RRB- production '' ... be advised that Sammy Petrillo may be the most annoying man in show business , '' and in retrospect that was generous . `` Keyholes are for Peeping '' features Petrillo in a dual role
 If you thought `` Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla '' had to be the worst Sammy Petrillo movie , think again . In 2007 I said of Petrillo 's performance in that vastly better -LRB- ! -RRB- production '' ... be advised that Sammy Petrillo may be the most annoying man in show business , '' and in retrospect that was generous . `` Keyholes are for Peeping '' features Petrillo in a dual role
 This is not a work of art . It 's a great title and a good story could have been written for it but the viewer will wonder why it was made . The `` actors '' appeared to be bored and the antics over-done , and instead of an interesting movie , you have crap .
 A horrific transfer to DVD . I trashed it after only watching 20 minutes or less .
 Creature of Darkness is one of the worst sci-fi movies that I 've subjected myself to since Battlefield Earth . It was so bad for different reasons that I have no idea how it made it to Redbox.Andrew and his friends decide to spend a night off-roading and camping , at the exact time and location that he 's aware an alien hunter is on the prowl . But since the producers could n't afford an alien costume , our outer-space hunter walks around the woods in a hooded overcoat.Oh , it gets better.While the alien in Predator loves to hunt soldiers built like NFL running backs , our alien targets humans that seem `` collectible '' for his galaxy 's museum . Andrew , in his infinite knowledge of alien hunting patterns , expertly proclaims that one of their buddies was captured because of his red hair and freckles.I 'm not making this up.Creature of Darkness is basically a rip-off of Predator , only with bad acting , bad directing , and horrible CGI effects . While there 's nudity in the film , one beauty flashes her boyfriend , yet the director pans the camera up so you ca n't see -LRB- why even include that -RRB- . When the group discover a bloody body near their campground , one actress has a huge accidental grin after hearing another 's shriek . Director Mark Stouffer apparently felt that shooting more than one take of a scene is for amateurs . In fact , the only actor who offers a quality and funny performance is Dan White , as Andrew 's buddy Mason.The only redeeming feature of this movie is that the entire cast of women is beautiful . There are plenty of curvy bodies and flat tummies in this film , from TV personality Ingrid Schau to Hawaii surfer Sanoe Lake . Mexican actress Fernanda Romero is unbelievably pretty and sexy as Mason 's girlfriend , and the only nude scene in the movie is courtesy of the extremely hot Siena Goines . These lovely ladies were probably the only thing that kept me watching an otherwise boring movie.Creature of Darkness fails on many levels . I gave it an honest shot , and I was surprised at how bad it was . Absolutely rent this one from Redbox before you consider buying the DVD .
 A number of young adults head out into a get away weekend near an Air Force test base . Andrew has nightmares . They decide to confront his nightmares head on with a camping trip . -LRB- Just what Mom would have us do when we had bad dreams - make us sleep outside . -RRB- As it turns out , his dream about a creature , a combination of Predator and Darth Maul -LRB- black hoodie optional -RRB- , comes true as his friends become hunted . There are some internal conflicts within the group to add to the spice of the film ... or not as the case may be.The special effects were low budget , but not the worst aspect of the film . The horrible dialouge and general plot far out weigh any problems with CG effects . In one weird scene a young lady lifts her top for `` inspiration '' while the camera man pans her bar midriff ... um guys ... have you ever watched a horror movie before?This is one film I would have liked more if everyone died . And for the record , Einstein never predicted time travel .1 f-bomb , no sex , nighttime nudity -LRB- Siena Goines -RRB-
 10 REASONS I HATE THIS MOVIE :1 - Why do these movies always feature friends who do n't really like each other ? 2 - When did Devon Sawa gain so much weight ? 3 . The CGI effects areawful .4 . The plot makes little sense .5 . The acting is terrible .6 . The women scream too much .7 . The directing is mediocre .8 . It is n't scary .9 . It is n't funny . . just stupid .10 . The ending does n't make any sense .
 The writer -LRB- s -RRB- on this film must be the most laid back people in existence . I do n't know what other type of person could write characters like this because they do NOTHING.There 's a mangled corpse in the road , should we do something . No lets just wait it out.Cops -LRB- Military Rangers ? -RRB- have shown up should we go over there ? NopeShould we speed off into the desert as to not get caught ? Eh , sure but no hurry.A huge hole just opened up in the road ahead of me , should I avoid it ? Nah just drive into it.Friend goes missing , look for him ? Nah , call his name a few times and move on.Strange figure in the distance ; investigate ? Nah , that 's just our missing friend , he always carries a cape and hat in his pocket . -- I bought this movie because of my Devon Sawa obsession -LRB- the fact that I have seen C.O.D more than once is a sad testament to this -RRB- . Devon and a few laughs -LRB- at the movie , not with -RRB- was really the only thing going for it . Devon and Matthew Lawrence seemed to be the only ones that ever bothered to act , for even a fraction of the time . Kevin Alejendro 's performance was surprisingly bad.Bad writing , cheap effects , minimal plot . I 'm not surprised that it took a few years for this movie to be released . Thank you , Devon , for not doing anything else this bad .
 This movie is a joke . No one sets out to make a crappy movie-sometimes the best of intentions comes up crap . This movie was willfully made to look crappy . What do you know ? They succeeded . It 's crappy and just plain crap . A blatant low-rent rip-off of Predator , but the dred-locked creature in that movie was scary . This creature looks like a combination of Pirahnna , an old Ray Harryhausen stop-motion creation and any one of the weird Cantina characters from Star Wars . But this creature likes to disguise himself in a `` flasher '' raincoat and a wide-brimmed floppy hat . Scenes of it wandering through the woods looking like a homeless wino is the only reason I gave this movie a very generous one star.Since this movie is a rip-off of Predator , maybe Devon Sawa who plays the er-hmmm , `` hero '' , the producers may have suggested he bulk up.Hint for Devon Sawa -- Arnold pumped iron -- you scarfed down Big Macs . Not the same thing .
 Ok. , I was at red box one day and saw this . I knew it would be stupid , but I thought I 'd rent anyway , since it was $ 1.06 . Turns out that was a dollar to much . This movie was SO stupid . I mean , it did n't explain the story at all . It also was trying to have a back story that it took about five minutes to try and explain . The acting was really bad and it was just boring . Was it really trying to scare me ? I think one of the boys was from Boy Meets World . Sometimes , when the main character would talk , words would be soming out that did not match what you could see he was saying . I remember when devon sawa was young and in a few alright movies . Not any more . One of the girls was talking about how much they wanted him and her and another were both trying to get him as a boyfriend . I was like OH , he is supposed to be an attractive guy in this movie . Sorry , dumb , no plot , bad acting and I do n't think there was any music . Like one song . The ending they were just like , ok it 's done . '' Save your money and stay away !
 I can enjoy `` B '' movies . However , this one , was a time killer and that is about it . Extemely bad acting , silly Predator rip off plot , awful effects . Pointless ... unless you are desperate for very bad sci-fi/horror . Avoid this one unless you are a `` B '' movie fan .
 I have to rate this as a horror film . I think it was actually ment to be a black comedy , and viewed in that since , it 's great .
 Purchased this item a few weeks ago , opened the disc case but when I tried to play the movie nothing happened . I removed the disc from my unit turned it off and tried several more times but the disc just does not play , all I get is a blank screen on my television .
 This movie had a good set up , creepy house , weird couple , a parnoid guy and even the goodlooking ladies ' man but aside from the acid pit in the cellar , the film is really not that good . The plot line is predictable to the intellegent viewer , and the scares seem rather out of date . Also , it seems to progress far too slowly . I would even have to go as far to say that the remake was scarier . Now , I would have to say that the original was a BETTER movie , but if you are looking for scary , this is not the movie to see . One thing that I have to give to the movie 's credit is that one woman in the movie has the most amazing scream . She must have been cast for that sole talent ! One thing though , that I read somewhere is that in the original theater showings of this movie -LRB- when it first came out -RRB- in the middle of the film , a rigged skeleten would come swooping down towards the audience . -LRB- A note
 Dispite the presence of the fantastic Vicent Price ... this movie looks like a high school play ... People stuck in a so called Haunted House and yet go wandering off by themselves and putting themselves in danger . . I can see the script for Carolyn Craig ... `` lighty scream '' ` BIG SCREAM ' ` light scream ' ` unfinished scream ' ... It is so bad , it would a great film to rent for a party and just sit and make fun of it ...
 This is an awful movie . There is only one good jolt in the whole thing , but other than that this is n't scary at all . Just a long boring piece of cinema . The re-make was better , and the re-make was awful as well . Do n't see it alone in the dark , because you 'll need someone to wake you up !
 Sorry , but this movie just is n't very good . This may have scared people back in it 's day -LRB- now I respect that and like many old scary movies that are today considered tame -RRB- but it 's predictable and dumb . I 'm sorry to offend any `` Classic ! '' criers out there but it 's true . There is a good premise here , and yes it was well filmed , lighted and edited . Acting was good on the parts of principle charecters . But overall this movie really lacks . For as much as a ghost movie that people claim this too be , it really is n't . And I almost kicked my Television when I saw a charecter at the end proclaim `` Now there are more ghosts to join the other seven . '' Puh-Leeze ! As if those other seven even made a cameo appearence ! The remake is bad too , but at least it 's one up on this movie by offering one or two eerie shots and scenes.Bottom line , not worth the price or even the almost hour and half it takes to watch it ... wait a tick ! There is another hard to find good point for this film ... it 's SHORT !
 Bad acting . Bad effects . Characters doing dumb things nobody would ever do . Stilted dialogue . Cheesy , dreary and embarrasing .
 Whatever you DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM ! Nothing about it is enhanced . The picture quality is horrible and the packaging sucks ! This is a rip off . If you want this movie on dvd buy the one released by Warner Bros. . This dvd is horrible . The label is uneven because someone printed it from a printer and dvd is home made . The whole thing is homemade . I was very disappointed .
 I was very disappointed that this DVD did not include a widescreen version -LRB- in either color or BW -RRB- as WB did in its DVD release -LRB- they had included both FS and WS versions -RRB- . While it was interesting to see what the movie looked like in color -LRB- the colorization was not bad -RRB- , I did not think that it added anything to the film.The restored BW version included on the DVD was very nice , just wish that it was done in WideScreen.I do n't know about all this `` pre 1960 1:85 vs 1:33 , and the 1:33 Fullscreen really has more info in it than the 1:85 widescreen ' etc. , stuff that the other reviewers are talking about.All I know is that viewing `` House on Haunted Hill '' in the widescreen format that was included in the WB DVD release has much more of a visual impact watching it on my Widescreen TV than watching the Fullscreen versions -LRB- either color or the restored BW -RRB- included on this DVD.Bottom line , if you are curious about the color , get this DVD , otherwise stick with your current WB FS/WS DVD edition .
 Movie rating
 I 've been waiting for a special edition of House on Haunted Hill for awhile now . The special features are listed as `` 90 minutes long '' and include the following :1 . less than 5 minutes of a fan talking about Carol Ohmart -LRB- 1 minute of it is with Jack Hill -RRB- . Waste of time .2 . less than 5 minutes of the same fan talking about very well known facts about the house in the movie . Waste of time .3 . over 80 minutes of trailers and a terrible quality willian castle tv spot . Waste of time.The only reason to buy this is for the cool dvd art . Nothing else.Maybe one day we 'll see a special edition dvd worth buying . Until then , do n't double dip on this one .
 The actual movie is wonderful fun . A crazy , zany , hokey and totally entertaining movie with the ultimate horror host - Vincent Price - giving us one of his many , many great performances . I love this movie!But this particular 50th Anniversay Special Edition is NOT special in the least . It is a rip-off . And your host for this DVD is Johnny Legend who is NO `` legend '' in my book , as far as his absurd participation in this release is concerned.The extras are as flimsy as the plausability of the movie 's plotline . But wherein the film 's plot-holes are forgiveable fun , the Extras on this DVD are an embarassment . They sound like they 'd be great - but they are not . `` Return to the House '' features a few silent contemporary shots of the Frank Loyld Wright house as it looks today and then Legend talking about the house in front of a chain-link fence . He could be in front of any chain-link fence ... for we do n't even see the famous house behind him ! We never learn who owns the house now or what it is currently used for . We never get on the grounds with the camera and take a closer look at the house . `` Surprise William Castle TV Spot '' shows the lead-in to a game show created by Castle - but just when I thought we 'd get to see the whole show -LRB- which had a most interesting premise and panelists including Groucho Marx -RRB- ... just when I think we 'll see the mystery-themed game show , the featurette ends!The `` Carole Ohmart Profile '' talks more about her role in `` Spider Baby '' then in `` House '' and ends without us ever finding out what happened to her ultimately . What could have been a bit more of her performance in `` The Spectre of Edgar Allan Poe '' is , instead , just a two second clip of the older actress turning her head , not even speaking a line from that movie.The Vincent Price extras are fun to see
 This is such an antiquated movie , I adore most of Vincent Price 's movies . But this was a dud . Not an enjoyable experience , fell asleep , did n't bother to watch again .
 Frederick Loren -LRB- Vincent Price -RRB- invites five strangers to spend the night in a haunted house ... if they can . However , all is not as it seems . Price , as always , is wonderful and adds some much needed class to this substandard outing , which basically consists of the cast wandering from room to room , delivering bad dialogue and reacting hysterically to tired haunted house cliches . Lovers of campy grade-B 50s horror films may feel charitable toward it .
 Maybe I just do n't understand . Good movie , but not one that I will watch twice . History was good . Again , good for the history lesson but not a re-watcher .
 Cd just read disc error ... dvd did not work in any of my video systems . DISAPPOINTED :-LRB- Hard to find this dvd !!!!
 American Me
 I Have n't recieved it yet and honestly forgot that I even ordered it ! When I recieve my DVD I 'll be more than happy to review it ! Gregg A. Schafer
 Could not play this DVD on my player . This DVD was `` new '' and appeared like it had the appropriate factory seal . I tried it on a different player I got the same results . I ordered a second DVD of American Me and it arrived in the mail and appeared to be in new condition . This DVD would also not play on either of my DVD players . I guess that 's why it only cost $ 2.73 . It would cost that much in shipping to get a replacement from Amazon .
 This was a horrible movie and complete waste of time . The acting was terrible , it was like they were reading a script . I do n't get what the other review was talking about when they said they had nightmares for weeks , there was nothing that graphic in here . I had to force myself to finish watching it , hoping it would get better , but it did n't .
 American Me in review : Lousy , predictable story . There are two MAYBE three characters in this movie that have some depth but most are generic sterotypes , but since the script has such transparent and worthless dialogue it 's almost not even the actors fault -LRB- almost -RRB- . I am not a particular fan of this type of movie but if you watch `` Lock Down '' you 'll see what a movie in this genre SHOULD BE.After all I 've heard about American Me I thought it would be good , it was n't even decent ... and the extras are laughable .
 I saw this movie years ago only because my girlfriend at the time forced me to sit down and watch it along with her parents . All I could say is that I pray I never have to sit through this wannabee classic again . At a time in our lives when mexican-americans are struggling to earn respect in this great nation , Edward James Olmos decides to come out with a movie that lets moviegoers of all races and colors see what mexican americans are supposedly like in everyday life . Let 's see now ... prison sex , babies drinking beer , teenage drive-by shooters,early-aged heroin users , brown on black killings , and so on !!!! Mr Olmos claimed he was only sending a message when making this film . Sadly , he just never said it would n't be positive . Let us not forget that several consultants to the film were murdered during its opening weeks by individuals who may have been offended by this movie . Mr Olmos himself was the target of threats as well . ADIOS AMIGOS !!!
 This film is a weak attempt at portraying `` prison life '' . It may have had its place and time but overall the film is lacking . Check out `` Blood In-Blood Out '' and `` Weeds '' . Bad Boys with Sean Penn is another good `` prison movie '' .
 American Me ... Very strong explicit movie . It shows a little too much . Eddie made a mistake doing this movie . Big mistake ! Although this movie will never be on DVD .
 Could n't wait to watch `` The Hands of Orlac '' since I already new the gist of the story anyway and have seen many Veidt movies -LRB- both silent and talkies -RRB- . However ... after sitting thru the first 30 minuets -LRB- waiting for it to get better -RRB- I could n't wait to turn it off . Maybe I should n't comment on this silent as I have n't really watched it in total . I have a vast silent movie collection but I do n't know if I even want to give it shelf room . And the soundtrack !!! KINO ! What were you thinking !!! It sounds like a 6 year old at his first violin lesson ! After watching this with my wife and looking at each other from time to time and probably having the same agonizing look on my face as hers ... we just could n't take it any longer . If you want to see Conrad Veidt at his `` silent best '' watch `` The Man Who Laughs '' instead ! And if you want to see the same story/plot in an early talkie , watch `` Mad Love '' with Peter Lorre . -LRB- P.S. I know where you can get a copy of `` Orlac '' CHEAP ! -RRB-
 This is one of those movies to watch if you have absolutely nothing else to do . It 's very slow , very predictable , etc. , etc. , just like most other so-called horror flicks . Waiting on Hollywood to release a worthwhile movie of any kind is like waiting on the next pass of Haley 's Comet ... , this is especially true with horror movies . The last time I saw a good horror movie was `` The Descent . '' Now THAT was a horror movie !! It was so original ... , so very unique. , so well casted & directed , etc. , etc. . It 's already a classic . Why ca n't Hollywood make more movies like that ?? So , while we wait on another `` The Descent '' to be made , I guess we have to suffer with B-level stuff like `` The Echo . ''
 I would say that this belongs in the `` horror-extremely lite '' genre , though it 's more in the range of a ghost tale than towards the slasher range of the spectrum . As I 'm more inclined to watch ghost stories , finding psychological motivation -LRB- sadness , betrayal , untimely death , etc. -RRB- behind paranormal activity more stimulating to view in a film than just a series of shocking visuals thrown together , I do n't mind that . If you do n't want a movie filled with foul language -LRB- it does n't matter to me one way or the other , but it does to some people , so that 's why I bring it up -RRB- , this could be the film for you . There 's no nudity in it . By today 's standards , the shock value of what few graphic scenes that there are is very minimal . I ca n't say that I jumped or was even surprised once while viewing this , let alone did it scare me or even stay w / me for a bit afterwards . It is n't a movie that 's likely to make you keeping lingering over the details when you 're done watching it.I found myself viewing the film from an actor 's standpoint , at least in terms of the protagonist 's character . I thought he could 've been a little bit more `` animated '' in places , and in the beginning , he was just downright boring - but , overall , this was n't a horrifically-acted film . Carlos Leon , while no Olivier , was certainly passable in playing the main characters ' boss , and was a sympathetic guy here . Leon has a surprising `` presence '' to him , which is about the only thing that stood out to me in the movie . The girl who played the main character 's on-again , off-again girlfriend , while attractive enough , was n't anyone who 'll sets the world on fire . Again , she gave a passable performance , but not memorable . Character development was quite one-dimensional here , so I do n't necessarily fault the actors - but better actors could 've perhaps bumped this from a two-star movie to a three-star film.I did think that the movie -LRB- unsurprisingly , considering who made it -RRB- was very similar in setting to `` Dark Water '' , though was less effective in the creepiness department . I did n't find `` Dark Water '' scary , either , but at least it was slightly better at character development & plot than this was - not great , but better . Hoepfully , that 'll give you a point of reference -LRB- if you 've seen Dark Water , that is ! -RRB- If you 're expecting something as good as `` The Grudge '' or `` The Ring '' - look elsewhere ! This is a low-budget flick , and could pass for a made-for-television one -LRB- which maybe it was & I just do n't know it -RRB- . It 's not the worst film I 've ever seen , and I 've most definitely seen worse acting & plots in my life . The main character was easy enough to empathize with after a bit . The plot was fairly predictable , and the `` motivations '' on the part of the main ghoulies were definitely stretched beyond anything reasonable , raised more questions than answers & it all was laced w / inconsistency . But if you just want to look at a flick , to get you through a boring evening , you could do worse than this .
 The movie , which was only 1:31 minutes long , for the first hour , you did n't know what the hell was going on , it was only in the last fifteen minutes that you were given the clues to figure it out and bam ! then it was over . It could of been alot better . The directer was filming like he was on a strict budget . Another one that will be on TV soon .
 Enough Said . Completely useless . Not scary . Completely predictable . Why did they have to kill the car shop owner ? What did he do ? He was just trying to help . Did a customer complain ? Did he not use the correct alternator belt ? What a shame .
 I thought from the sound of the description of this movie it would be a decent flick , but I was wrong . The main character is released on parole and moves into his now deceased mothers house where he keeps hearing strange sounds and voices through the walls ... that 's about the whole movie actually , apart from endless boring scenes to involve a few other unneeded characters , and other snore-fest award winning acting just there to tell some sort of a plot . The main character just has no charisma at all . He is boring to watch , and you just do not care who he is , what he has done , and that effects what is happening around him in the movie , because you just do n't care to watch his emotionless acting anymore . Sure , it 's nice they tried to make it the man who is the main character for a horror movie , but it just fails miserably in The Echo ... and it really has nothing `` horror '' worthy about it.The movie is way too slow , the events are boring , nothing is scary or chilling unless you are a wimp , and the ending is pure terribly thought out and rushed garbage .
 Wow . All I can say is that this was possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen . This movie is very slow , and if you ask me , it 's not even scary . 30 minutes into the movie , I just kept asking when the movie would be over because it was so bad . It never got better either . I hope everybody will take my advice and save their money for something more important than for a piece of junk movie like this , or if you really want to see it , rent it first because I am almost positive you TRUE horror movie fans wo n't like it . Whoever rated this movie 5 stars must not know what a good horror movie is . If I had the option to rate this movie a 0 , I would do it without thinking twice . I ask everybody again to save their money for something more worth their time .
 Do n't waste your time on this slow-moving , non-creepy , been-done-before cliche ' - fest . If you want to see a good horror movie , I recommend the Japanese movies Ju-On -LRB- The Grudge -RRB- , Ringu -LRB- The Ring -RRB- , Kansen -LRB- Infection -RRB- , Chakushin ari -LRB- One Missed Call -RRB- , and Kairo -LRB- Pulse -RRB- .
 I think American remakes of Asian horror movies more often than not are ineffective . THE ECHO is another example . While I have n't seen the original , THE ECHO does n't inspire me to do so.The movie 's basic premise is revenge and the consequences of non-responsiveness to people in peril . This is confusing because some of the victims do n't truly deserve to be punished . THE ECHO is also very slow in its pacing and I 've grown weary of all Asian remakes having little girl spooks . Jesse Bradford 's performance has its moments but eventually fizzles . Amelia Warner is effective as Bradford 's supportive girl friend and Kevin Durand is chilling as the abusive cop who abuses his wife and daughter.THE ECHO is to be commended for its atmospheric setting and its moral message , muddled though it is . Its abrupt ending is also a drawback . Ultimately , it 's an average entry in a tired genre .
 The Amazon reviews on this movie were pretty good so I bought a used copy.I was excited to watch it . . Sooo dissapointed.It was boring and too drawn out , not scary at all and nothing exciting happens until the last 20 minutes of the movie , and the ending was dumb.So you have to suffer for over an hour of watching the main character do household chores and making dumb faces when he hears a noise.Terrible movie and a real waste of time and money.Pass this one up !!
 Some fine performances , sets , cinematography and amusing sequences . Sandwiched within the naive and frivolous fun , though , is a vile disrespect for women that goes even beyond what was routine in the cinema of the time . That Rita Tushingham nearly manages to pull off her character credibly is a credit to her talent .
 This movie is of its time and has not aged well . It 's a not very vivid portrayal of the swinging sixties in London , with four uninvolving characters spewing bizarre non-sequiturs at one another . Watch it with the subtitles off and you 'll think it does n't make sense ; watch it with the subtitles on and you 'll realize it 's not supposed to make sense . In neither case is it at all funny . The film also betrays its origins as a play ; despite the best efforts of the director to open it up - he spends about five wordless minutes showing three of the characters rolling a brass bed through London - it feels stagebound.What 's good about it is the John Barry score . The first dreamlike scene in which the music spirals around and around a bevy of beautiful girls is worth seeing . I also enjoyed the random comments of the disapproving older English observing the wacky doings of the the `` mods '' and the `` rockers , '' though only one of the characters is a mod ; none are rockers . Most importantly , none are interesting.Avoid the movie ; buy the soundtrack . If you want a vivid movie portrayal of London in the 1960 's watch Michael Caine 's `` Alfie '' .
 There did n't seem to be much point to this story . The story wandered and it was not well pulled together .
 Hey , remember 2007 ? Back then , we depopulated the rainforests , which spread the Neurological Degeneration Syndrome -LRB- NDS -RRB- virus , which infected everyone on the planet , wiping out half the population . Fortunately we all had this drug called Absolon to keep us alive . Unfortunately , a company called UPC owns it and the only way we pay for anything is in time - hours of our lives are removed or added depending on the cost.What ... you do n't remember that ? Me neither . But then , you have to wonder what the producer of Absolon was thinking when he decided to create a futuristic movie set three years after its release in 2004 . Fortunately , there 's Detective Norman Scott -LRB- Christopher Lambert , mumbling and shuffling through his role -RRB- and his hot red-haired partner Ruth Bryant -LRB- Roberta Angelica -RRB- to get to the bottom of a murder mystery that saved us all
 Absolon is one of those movies that 's easy to trick viewers into thinking it 's going to be one of those `` edge of your seat '' type exciting films based on the description , but after the first 30 minutes , you know * exactly * where it 's heading and let out a major groan.The storyline - 5 billion people die from a deadly virus . Sounds appealing , does n't it ? Guess what ? You will soon discover that the storyline is absolulely * nothing * like you 're hoping for.Instead , the movie revolves around an extremely generic and simple storyline involving cheesy fighting scenes , run of the mill gun shooting segments where professional shooters just so happen to have extremely bad aim because they 're trying to kill a man in desperate search for answers concerning the virus , and a storyline that easily could have been written by a bunch of high school kids just searching for a way to spend an hour or so during detention.I was not expecting this . I was expecting the kind of excitement found in other films such as - just to name one example - something along the lines of War of the Worlds or Apocalypse . You know , * cool * and compelling storytelling , not ordinary guns and fighting scenes with TERRIBLE acting to boot . I almost forgot how awful the lines delivered by the main characters were . You watched movies like this back in the 80 's , I bet . That is , if you were unfortunately old enough to remember those days.Don ' t even waste your time .
 A deadly virus kills 5 billion people in the year 2010 , and everyone depends on a drug called Absolon to survive.The production design leaves a lot to the imagination . I do n't care how low their budget was ... they could have made it look better . It looks like they spent half their budget on a special effects shotin the beginning and a 3-D biohazard symbol in the opening credits . They would have been better off spending their money on better sets.The dialogue is full of wimpy clich&eacute;s , and all of the acting is dry . Sadly , though , the dialogue is slightly less boring than the action scenes.This is the worst movie Christopher Lambert has been in since Highlander 2
 A young couple moves into a chic new studio apartment with a dark past that comes back to haunt them after they bring an old antique bed down out of storage . Anyone that would willingly watch a movie called DEATHBED deserves all they have coming to them . Considering this came from the creators of PUPPET MASTER and THE GINGERDEAD MAN , one is immediately overcome with visions of a giant , toothy mattress munching on people , but instead , the film is played entirely straight as a pseudo-Slasher . Watching DEATHBED is like watching a really long , really boring porno where only the dude gets naked and everyone else leaves , unsatisfied . To say that the acting is stale or to complain about the listless directing is really giving the film more time than it deserves . As opposed to most other Full Moon Features that run around sixty-five minutes , DEATHBED clocks in at an astounding eighty minutes of pure garbage . For a film called DEATHBED , there is also a surprising lack of deaths that occur on or around the bed . It is a wonder that Stuart Gordon would allow his name to be attached to the film at all . Rated ` F ' for Partial Nudity , Mild Violence , and False Expectations.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 In Movieland , some people are just born for certain parts . This was a Jeffrey Combs/Barbara Crampton movie if there ever was one . All it lacked was Jeffrey Combs and Barbara Crampton . This was not a good movie by any stretch of the imagination unless you are satisfied with the sexy blonde in the black underwear on the bed for a photo session . She was sexy but not sympathetic . The ending was ... well , what were they doing ? The heroine was bashing in the skull of a person who obviously was no where near her from the angle of the camera shot and where she was swinging . Anyway , the movie was pretty bad . So bad in fact , I immediately again watched Reanimator and From Beyond , both with Jeffrey and Barbara , then I watched Death Bed again ... I hate to admit it ... I might watch it a third time . Oh , and Joe Estavez ... Talk about unintentionally hilarious !!! .
 If you like cheese and crap all rolled together , you just might enjoy this one . The lead actress looks like a poor man 's Jennifer Aniston . She is involved in a few `` sex scenes '' and one shower scene and somehow manages to reveal zero in the way of nudity . The actor who plays the murderer is listed in the credits as Dukey Flyswatter -LRB- I 'm guessing he did n't want his real name associated with this film -RRB- . The male lead is always either getting something to drink , or recommending that his wife drink something -LRB- specifically , hot chocolate -RRB- to make her feel better . You 'd think that a girl who is forever drinking hot chocolate would taste the difference on the occasion when 20 valiums are crushed up in her mug -LRB- but then again , I 've never tasted a valium so I guess it 's possible that they are sweet like candy -RRB- . I did laugh out loud a few times during this movie , though . Pay special attention to how the husband `` soothes '' his wife in the scene after she tearfully reveals the painful story of how her uncle used to handcuff her to her bed and molest her as a child ... priceless stuff . There is also a laugh-out-loud kill sequence where our heroine appears to be swinging her hammer in every direction other than where her bloody target is lying . But the most hilarious moment of all is featured in the `` making of '' segment . The actress who plays the ghost girl recounts how excited she was to get a shot at staring in Death Bed after reading and being `` won over '' by the amazing script ! Ahhhhh ha ha ha ha !!
 For the record , I am reviewing the DVD released by Shadow Entertainment on February 10 , 2004 . I say this because there was another DVD of this film released back in 2002 that sounds a lot better . Like the previous reviewer said , if you can get that DVD with the bonus feature of `` Castle Freak '' , then get it instead.The movie is good , but it misses on two counts . If you 're a gore freak , then you will be disappointed . There 's no gore until the end , and even then it 's not that much . If you 're into suspenseful horror that builds , you 'll like this film until the end . I am not a gore freak , so I enjoyed most of the movie . In the end , I am happy with this purchase . It 's just that this film switches its tone so suddenly , it 's disorienting . The ending was a complete mess . My conclusion is that the filmmaker wanted to try something high-brow , but had to relent to the gore-hound financers . It 's a shame , because the film had a great tone until it degenerated into a cheap knockoff of `` The Shining '' . Overall though , I liked the movie . I did not like the DVD . I 'll give it some credit , the picture was crisp for a 19-inch analog 4:3 TV set . However , the sound was bare-bones , just sufficient to get by . There were no special features except for four trailers with one of those being this title itself . There was no chapter select menu . Heck , viewing the disc on my Sony Playstation 2 , I could n't even get chapter information runtime or title information runtime countdown . The only thing I got was a total title runtime clock . At first , I thought there was n't even any chapter breaks , but there are . The chapter breaks are just invisible.In the end , I 'm happy with this purchase . The DVD is horrible , and if I ever had the opportunity to purchase the 2002 DVD release , I would . I would then use this one as a coaster , but when the price is about $ 10 , it does n't bother me too badly . However , I really have to express my dislike for Shadow Entertainment and the recent Koch Vision Entertainment releases . They 're basically putting it to the consumers , as I have made several purchases and been thoroughly disappointed with all of them . In fact , the last purchase I made from Shadow Entertainment , I swore I would never buy from them again . I bought this DVD without knowing and was surprised by that fact , but I was not surprised when the DVD turned out to be crap.Bottom Line
 Marilyn Monroe is great , but the rest of this movie is pretty much unwatchable . Skip it and watch &#34; Some Like it Hot &#34; again instead .
 Elegantly filmed , exquisitely designed and costumed , and Marilyn is full of life -- one ca n't take ones eyes off of her -- but Sir Lawrence Olivier missed the emotional , romantic core of the story of socio-eco-conflicted starstruck almost-lovers . Maybe both acting and directing were too much for him on film rather than on stage . Or maybe Miss Monroe , the consummate movie actress , was too instinctive and spontaneous for his formal , studied , exercise in self control . Ironically this was the conflict between the two main characters in the story , but on screen it only comes off as a confusion of acting styles as if they were in two different movies entirely , sinking the whole mess of a project once you begin to wonder just what does that showgirl see in this self absorbed mannequin after all ?
 This is a very mediocre movie . If it did not have the divine Marilyn and sir Olivier in it , if others had played their parts , nobody today would remember this flick . As it is , Olivier does well playing an ultra stuffed-shirt aristocrat , as there is nothing more to the character than that . The only real virtue of the movie is Marilyn , who in this movie , even more so than many of her others , is ... how should I put this ... Totally HOT .
 if only this was in widescreen then it would be 5 out of 5 but its 2 out of 5 because of that , i hope we can get it in the future in widescreen , it even said at the back of the box that it was in aspect ratio 1:85 -LRB- wide screen -RRB- too bad , but the rest of this is nice , thanks .
 I do not get why this film was made . The storyline is just really bad . It mostly takes place in one place - Olivier 's 2 rooms . MM stays in the same dress for all of the movie . Why would they not dress her in various clothes ? Her stomach also looks big from the side in her dress . MM is not very charming in this for me . I ca n't put my finger on it , but her performance is not very cute . With this character , she just seems , not even dumb , but retarded & simple most of the time . The plot makes no sense . They are supposed to fall in love & it takes forever for them to finally be serious & show that they like one another . It does not even seem they like one another ; like they 're only flirting with one another . Guess that explains why MM 's biographers say there was no chemistry between her & Sir Larry . The movie seems very absract & disconnected . It never quite pulls itself together . I think what makes the movie boring is they go over & over the same thing . MM always seems to be finally leaving his house , but then comes back . And every time she 's about to leave , she wants him to pin the badge he gave her on her dress . But this keeps happening again & again & that 's what makes this trite ! I really think that MM & Olivier gave great performances . You can tell he is a very good actor & that MM was coming into her own as an actress , but it was just the script-it was terrible . People canned `` Let 's make love '' & I enjoyed that much more than this . I would say to pass on this . Only get this if you 're a die-hard MM fan -LRB- which is why I did -RRB- .
 The one thing that I took away from ` The Prince and the Showgirl ' was how much I love Marilyn Monroe as an actress . I know that some considered her talent to be minimal , and it is true that she did n't possess the range that some actresses carry , but she was very good at what she did and she carved a niche for herself that was undeniable . She understood how to sell herself , exploit herself even , but the truth of the matter was that she was playing a part , and she sold it 100 % . Watching this film for the first time after seeing ` My Week With Marilyn ' was a particular treat because I feel like I -LRB- to a certain degree -RRB- got a behind the scenes look at the film itself and so watching the rapport that developed between Monroe and Olivier onscreen after the tumultuous time they had behind the screen is quite compelling . Despite the hardships she was undergoing in the process , Monroe is dynamic in her role as showgirl Elsie.The film itself is rather silly and overworked and unbalanced and just not wholly interesting , dragging in particular segments and leaving me kind of blas&eacute; to the whole endeavor , but Monroe chews up her scenes with such rabid devotion . Her comedic timing is stellar and her seductive nature is fully intact , but she always layers Elsie with a heart and soul , especially in the film 's final moments . Her coolness is alluring and she certainly makes the biggest impact here . Olivier , as respected an actor as he was , ca n't hold his own against her and winds up becoming a caricature and a baffling presence as he muddles through the nonsensical plot , but Monroe shines brightly and walks away unscathed.It 's a pretty picture , with top notch costumes and sets , but outside of Monroe there really is n't much reason to see this .
 The movie was not funny . It was not engrossing . I turned it off . Poorly directed . A very weak story . Over acted .
 I plan on returning this DVD . Each time I try and load the movie , I get `` wrong region '' . I have tried to load on another DVD player and get the same result .
 I found I can not use this DVD in North America ! And I want my money back ! When I put the DVD into the DVD player , I received the command to `` eject the disc ; this DVD can not be played in your region '' .
 It took a very long time for the DVD to come , and then it did n't work when it did come : / .
 ` The Prince and the Showgirl ' is a forgettable Technicolor '50s movie , long and drawn out to the point of obscurity . Marilyn Monroe plays Elsie Marina , a showgirl with an annoying laugh who appears ditsy yet is really clever and witty . Lawrence Olivier plays some kind of future prince who meets Elsie at a showclub and decides to invite her up to his room to seduce her . Of course , the prince is cold and uncompassionate , and as Elsie says , `` Lacks love in his life '' . Unfazed by his charms -LRB- or lack of -RRB- she resists him but ends up spending the night at his place -LRB- albeit in a seperate room -RRB- . The prince becomes unfuriated at this clever lady and has several unncessary bursts of outrage that are supposed to be funny but are n't . The most interesting part of the plot is when Elsie overhears the Prince 's son talking on the phone in German , planning to overthrow his father so he can obtain the crown sooner . After that , there is the promise the plot may pick up but it does n't . Elsie gets to ride in a chariot with the Prince & other royals because one of the women has fallen ill , which makes the storyline even more unrealistic than it is . Then there is the long coronation ceremony that is tediously drawn out , causing viewers to become bored to tears . Most of the time during the coronation ceremony the cameras are fixated either on Monroe 's face or stain glass windows . After this , the plot drags on some more but as we see in the end , Elsie somehow manages to fix an agreement between the Prince and his son , and earns the respect of the Prince all in the next hour . This movie is around 2 1/2 hours long but felt more like 3 1/2 . I actually became anxious for it to end . This is one of the most boring movies I 've ever seen aside from ` War and Peace ' although ` War and Peace ' actually became interesting after the first hour . This movie had the opposite effect
 Marilyn Monroe stars as Elsie , a London chorus girl who catches the eye of a visiting Prince -LRB- Laurence Olivier -RRB- . He 's in town to attend King George 's coronation along with his teenage son , the King of Carpathia , with whom he is at odds , politically . Elsie comes to share a midnight supper with the Prince and ends up resolving all the problems between father and son , thus insuring world peace.Yes , the movie really is that dumb . And annoying . I did n't care about any of the characters and , in fact , found the leads quite unlikable . Elsie is the stereotypical dumb blonde who is -LRB- of course -RRB- the smartest one in the story . Her giggly , breathy bimbo act gets very old fast . Olivier 's Prince is a pompous , lascivious bully who hates his own and the son is unpleasant , as well . I could n't root for any of them and thought the plot was predictable , corny , and most of all , tedious .
 His Highness Grand Duke Charles , Regent of the Balkan state of Carpathia , with the fake , unintelligible accent -LRB- Laurence Olivier -RRB- meets Elsie Marina of Wilwaukee -LRB- Marilyn Monroe -RRB- in what has to be the longest , dullest 1 1/2 , 2 , 3 hours I have spent watching a movie in a very long time . He may have been the best actor of his generation , but you would be hard pressed to prove it from Olivier 's performance here . Monroe , of course , plays the role she was usually assigned , the sexy dumb blonde.I suppose Olivier should get most of the blame for this fiasco since he directed the movie in addition to starring in it . In Olivier 's defense , however , I recall that he wanted his wife Vivian Leigh to play the role of Elsie rather than Ms. Monroe . Of course Ms. Monroe could have turned the offer to play Elsie down.There are occasionally mildly funny scenes in the movie , but they are few and far between . After all a comedy should be funny.Oh , 3/4 of the way through the movie , Elsie breaks out into song ! Do I need to say more?Both these actors made many good movies . This is not one of them .
 I rate this the most un-interesting of all of Marilyns roles . As a devoted & lifelong M.M. fan , this is the only one of her films that I 've only gotten through twice . The first time , just to see it , the second time , to see if I was possibly mistaken in my negative appraisal of it . I was n't . While Marilyn is certainly at her most etherally beautiful , this film was destined for failure from the beginning . The notorious pairing of Monroe with Laurence Olivier was a mis-calculation from its inception . It is obvious that Olivier needed a `` commercial '' hit movie at that point in his career , and , while his wife , Vivien Leigh , had originated the role of Elsie Marina on stage , Marilyn Monroe Productions bought the rights to `` The Sleeping Prince '' , its original title . Also , Marilyn at that time was a highly commercial draw , and her name with Oliviers would be more of a guarantee of box office dollars -LRB- they thought . -RRB- It soon became obvious what everyone suspected , that Olivier did not respect and was secretly humiliated by a co-starring role with Americas notorious sex symbol . Also , it was reported that , because this was being produced by M.M. Productions , she was literally in an `` in - charge '' position , which equally humiliated him . In `` The Noel Coward Diaries '' , Noel Coward , a good friend of Oliviers , expressed the general snobbish opinion when he writes , in the year 1956 , that starring with Monroe was a humiliating but commercially necessary decision for Olivier , and `` to hell with eminence '' , a barely disguised aspersion on Marilyn . Her arrival in England was met with an immediate press conference , where she was condescendingly queried as to what her favorite Beethoven numbers were , and , how long did she think a whale could stay under water ?? , the implications being obvious . To add to all the pressure and high expectations of such a pairing , M.M. had recently wed Arthur Miller , immersing her in a highly intellectual world , where the insecure Marilyn , though naturally bright and intuitive , was ill equipped to always hold her own . The fact that Olivier was also hired by Marilyn to direct this film did n't help , and his comment to Marilyn near the beginning of the shoot , `` Okay , Marilyn . . Be sexy ! '' , was an obvious assumption as to where Olivier thought Marilyns only true talent lie , and only served to undermine her already shaky confidence . The `` most exciting combination since black and white ! '' , as Joshua Logan deemed this collaboration , went from bad to worse , with Olivier detesting Marilyns growing insecurities , and what he viewed as her unprofessionalism . He also hated `` The Method '' , the acting style which M.M. had been influenced by in her continuing studies at The Actors Studio . By the time this film wrapped , everyone involved was barely on speaking terms , and Marilyns exit from England was the opposite of the fan fare she confronted upon her arrival . The movie was almost universally panned upon release , with many noting the obvious lack of chemistry between the principals . Oddly enough , Olivier was surprised with a screening of this film , many years after its filming , and Marilyns death , as a joke by friends of his . They were all surprisingly unaminous in their appraisal after its viewing , as Olivier wrote
 I love Marilyn and she was beautiful and charming as ever in this , but that could not save it . This never should have been made . I was asleep within the first fifteen minutes . I painfully forced myself to watch it out of respect for Marilyn . It was a very very painful and probably one of the longest two hours of my life.Showgirl meets rude Prince . They fall in love ? When did this happen ? I never saw any indication of this in the film . I also could not for the life of me see why she would want such a rude person!The movie takes place mainly in one room of the Prince 's manor . I will probably have nightmares of that room for the next year!You have been warned ! View at your own discretion !
 Before Christmas of 2011 , I ordered , and then received in early January of 2012 , the DVD `` The Prince and the Showgirl , '' starring Marilyn Monroe and Laurence Olivier . It arrived a bit later than my typical orders through amazon.com -LRB- usually expeditious -RRB- . The slight delay seemed caused by the fact the item appeared to have been acquired by amazon.com , for me , from a third-party source -LRB- based in the UK , where the film was made ? -RRB- . In any event , upon arrival , the DVD was unplayable ; the screen read `` Wrong Region , '' indicating the disc had been programmed for a jurisdiction outside my own Boston area -LRB- the UK ? -RRB- . The DVD , even with postage , cost me less than $ 8.00 . It likely would have cost me almost that much to return it to amazon.com for a replacement or reimbursement , to say nothing of the time and bother . I , therefore , just wrote off the purchase as a mistake , not worth the trouble to rectify.Almost a year later , I reordered the same DVD through amazon.com , got the right-region version this time -LRB- # 1 , for North America -RRB- , viewed the movie , and enjoyed it . By almost everyone 's account -LRB- including mine -RRB- , however , the film is not one of Marilyn Monroe 's better efforts and , certainly , is one of Laurence Olivier 's worst -LRB- by his own admission -RRB- . The movie is most interesting in light of the book and the moview `` My Week with Marilyn , '' which recount the film 's making from the perspective of its very young Third Assistant Director -LRB- essentially , an errand boy -RRB- . Both the memoir and the Michelle Williams-starring film should be read/seen prior to any viewing of the Monroe/Laurence movie , which itself is best enjoyed as an archival artifact rather than great -LRB- or even good -RRB- film-making .
 It 's hidden and at the very end of the product description , so maybe you 'll miss it like I did . The DVD is in the old `` standard '' 1:33 format , meaning they chopped off the sides to fit the older , smaller box TV format . This was filmed in 1957 , so I believe it was filmed in widescreen , was n't it ? I give the movie five stars ; it 's one of MM 's best . Just rating the DVD release two stars for this reason . I want to see the movie like it was shown in the theaters , so I will return my copy to Amazon , and wait for a decent release of this classic movie .
 ... as an entertainment seeking populace . Ugh . I apologize if I offend the viewers that found the cliches in this film to remind them of the heyday of the post apocalyptic action pic , but I have to digress regarding the vapid , silly proceedings other wise known as DOOMSDAY . Okay , when I speak of the ` heyday ' , I do include all of the obvious as mentioned before classics -LRB- ROAD WARRIOR , ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK , etc. -RRB- , but also some other low budget greats as DAMNATION ALLEY , A BOY AND HIS DOG , or even LOGAN `` S RUN . Now , borrowing from all these ideas is not all bad . Somehow though , NEIL MARSHALL re-tooled all of these ideas into one big ball of nonsense . The flick just careens into the next cliche without a bit of panache . When the knights on horseback show up I was just about to throw in the towel after many groan inducing scenes of uninspired carnage -LRB- I did write ` uninspired ' , carnage is great if done with verve ala MARSHALL 's fantastic DOG SOLDIERS -RRB- , but lo , if I had given up I would have missed the next bit - a souped up Bently driving over said knights . Wow , it is as bad as it sounds . I for one am also tired of peeking into a future where many of the denizens are sporting mowhawks . The star I give the movie is for an interesting plot point pertaining to RHONA MITRA 's fake robotic eye . A cool gadget that alas is given up on in the third act . My expectations were none too high about DOOMSDAY , and as I watched , I needed to keep reminding myself that the end is -LRB- hopefully -RRB- nigh .
 The movie Doomsday has some potential and at the beginning I thought it might turn out to be fairly good . A bad plague has caused many deaths and a wall is erected to keep the plague isolated . One young girl escapes , but loses her eye . Skip ahead 20 years or so . The girl has become a cop , and uses an artificial eye in some unique ways . But after about 20 minutes the movie goes from somewhat good to dumb chase and bash and crash . If you have seen the Mad Max movies you have seen this many times before . Mohawk crazies chasing people . Shot , boom , bang , slash ... . High tech armored vehicles taken out by fire bombs and crossbows ? Most of the squad gets killed.Then the squad goes to a castle and there is a medieval type situation . Seen it before . Battle to the death , swords , arrows , morning star ... . horse chase.Then some of the survivors know of a passage under the mountain . They have walked through it but never bothered to open any of the boxes and storage crates ? What ? Well the leader of the squad finds a luxury sports car in a crate , it still runs perfect after 20 + years in the crate , so then there is a long and ridiculous car chase . How do the primitive survivors make gas ? Oh well more nonsense . Then a corrupt politician gets ousted from government . The female leader then goes back to the savages ... . Roll credits.One last thought , the producers seem to have really tried to make the female lead look like a live action version of Aki Ross.Skip this movie .
 I bought this movie becuase i like the wild girl in the movie with all the war paint on . The movie is below average .
 The very loose and hard to follow story line made for difficult enjoyment of the movie itself , too much of the kung - foo fighting for me .
 Thank God for ` fast forward ' ! This was just junk . It robbed scenes directly from ` The Road Warrior ' and brought nothing new or original to the screen .
 Im making this short . Being a big fan of the films/movies that most people or companies compared this to , I was really excited for this movie . I saw it right away when it came out . This movie could be the biggest let down ever.First off , this is a movie and not a film.Second , there is no feel to the movie . Just when you get used to a theme of the movie or when you start to feel like your getting into it , the movie changes settings.Watchers be aware that nothing is serious . Even when a scene is headed in a cool direction it gets interrupted by slapstick comedy . The director and writers even made the car chase slapstick . This is unacceptable .
 Totally unoriginal , many of the scenes and most ideas are rip-offs from any zombie flick , Mad Max movie , medieval chop-fest , Bruce Campbell b-movie - you name it . Can you say 28-Days later clone ? Even the music was cheesy - third rate talent just repeating the same lyrics over and over and over . Imagine being tortured with the words `` When two tribes go to war ... '' - yes , just those five words - so repetitiously -LRB- not to mention poorly and off-key -RRB- that you have to mute the volume . Apparently they think screaming the lyrics louder and pounding the guitar make up for the lack of talent . The heroine ? Clone of Resident Evil.Explosions
 The movie does not work . It plays the first four scenes and that is it ... . I have played it in a DVD player , PS II , PS III , on a MAC and a PC . It simply does not work ! Not happy !
 `` Doomsday '' may well feature one of the most badly botched movie premises I 've ever seen . It starts off as a serious , bleak exploration of a `` what if '' scenario in the vein of `` Children of Men '' ... Then gradually down-spirals out of control . The last hour or so is very nearly a parody , complete with Mad-Max-style mohawked , tattooed , pierced , scantily-clad , cannibalistic psychopaths , absurd death car chases , and medieval knights . YES , I said medieval knights . However , being blatantly derivative is not the movie 's problem . Its problem is that it 's insulting to the viewers ' intelligence . I can buy the cannibalistic savages , if I really suspend my disbelief . But the very notion that a nation can regress into an EXACT COPY of its own past , is ... preposterous , to say the least . From a technical standpoint , it 's just as bad . The editing is horrible . Hundreds of frames are sloppily thrown together -LRB- where each frame is less than a second long -RRB- . Result ? It 's all but unbearable to watch . Makes you really appreciate old action flicks where most fight sequences happen in real time , and actors are actually seen doing some fight choreography . To top it all off , add some pretty horrible acting , a plot as thin as eggshells , a completely wasted Malcolm McDowell , and you 've got `` Doomsday '' . Normally I 'll swallow just about anything post-apocalyptic , but even I could n't stomach this godawful mess . Do yourself a favor and revisit the good ol' Road Warrior instead .
 Neil Marshall 's third feature film which he wrote as well as directed is a major failure . His first two films , 2002 's cynical werewolf movie `` Dog Soldiers '' and 2005 's atmospheric subterranean monster movie `` The Descent '' were excellent examples of inspired low budget filmmaking . These films were brimming over with enthusiasm , wit and a quietly self-deprecating tone , such that a number of critics justifiably saw Marshall as the potential new leader of a resurgence in British horror . Both films had a slightly derivative quality , but then that has been a convention of the horror genre for decades . But there is a fine line between being creatively derivative and a plagiarist.In `` Doomsday '' Marshall quotes from such a number of sources , in such an unimaginative and uncreative way that this film feels like a feature length exercise in plagiarism . Marshall fills his film with grotesques and grotesque performances and shamelessly enters the debased territory more commonly associated with the torture trash films of Eli Roth . The plot itself , which sees Scotland , placed in quarantine due to a highly infectious disease , is a bungled mixture of John Carpenters `` Escape from New York '' and `` 28 Days Later '' lacking either films energy or style . It is filled with very grim faced and serious performances , and characters with stupid biblical names like Eden and Kane . The symbolism is ponderous and juvenile . Marshall 's efforts at gravitas through a lazy and sloppy Malcolm McDowell voice over is a device quickly forgotten as Marshall sets about putting his Lara Croft clone -LRB- the horribly po-faced Rhona Mitra -RRB- into a series of ridiculous action sequences . The future as forecasted by Marshall is the 1980 's , which is perhaps the only scary thing about the film . It is the same dystopian 1980 's influenced vision of the future seen in the Mad Max trilogy , but at least those films were actually made in the 1980 's . The use of 80 's fashions , images and music makes very little sense . I 'm not sure as to what Marshall intended with this.It 's not a total dead loss though . Marshall has a particular flair for exciting action sequences , and the chase scene towards the end of the film is superbly edited and very exciting . Marshall also manages through accident or design to address anxieties about Anglo-Scottish relations - a prescient topic at a time in which the question of Scottish independence is an important one . The total rejection and isolation of Scotland by the English parliament in a time of crisis offers an interesting distillation of current cultural anxieties . Marshall pitches the cynicism in central government quite well , but this is undermined by Bob Hoskins ' -LRB- what in god 's name is he doing in such drivel -RRB- chewing of the scenery . No doubt the allegorical leanings of the film will rescue it from the total obscurity it deserves , but for the British horror film this is a major regression . I was looking forward to whatever Marshall 's third film turned out to be . He had got over the usually very difficult second film , but this will be a severe stain on his filmography .
 This movie was really bad . I watched a few people walk out and my friend and I were close to doing the same .
 if i could give this zero then i wouldmad max meets robin of sherwoodAWFULLdnt waste money at cinema and dont waste your bandwidth downloadingabsolute CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dnt say i didnt warn you
 Though it includes lots of shoot-outs , gores and chopped-off limbs and heads , Neil Marshall 's newest film `` Doomsday '' comes off rather disappointing . The film is from the director who made two impressive films , `` Dog Soldiers '' and `` The Descent . '' Some say they are overrated , but still Neil Marshall managed to show originality and creativity in his previous works . As far as the budget goes , his latest effort has become much bigger and louder ; however , `` Doomsday '' looks lackluster and , more importantly , derivative.The outbreak of a deadly plague in Glasgow , with the horror of the pandemic , results in the quarantine of Scotland . No one is allowed to leave the country and the people inside the border are left abandoned . Years later , in 2035 , because of another outbreak of the same disease in London , a group of soldiers led by Maj. Eden Sinclair -LRB- Rhona Mitra -RRB- is immediately sent to Scotland , in order to find a cure.Usually any action or horror films need suspension of disbelief , but `` Doomsday '' asks for it so many times . You will see the angry mob gets killed by the soldiers , but one little girl is allowed to board a chopper . Eventually all logic is abandoned in favor of reasonable , if not remarkable action and set-pieces , which can be improved with better editing and choreography.This is the world of Mad Max and Snake Plissken . Or one that has copied them . Clearly Neil Marshall loves classic action flicks made in 70-80s - soldiers ' names include `` Miller '' and `` Carpenter . '' You may add to them `` Hill , '' `` Cameron '' and `` Boyle '' perhaps . Do n't get me wrong . Paying homage is not a bad thing . It is just that it does n't necessarily mean you can dispense with a decent script and your own ideas . If your new idea is the lengthy `` BBQ '' stage with cancan music , you need to watch these classic films again . They may be violent , but certainly they are not boring . `` Doomsday '' has so many things - car chases , street combats , one-on-one fights , tortures , gores , decapitations and even deliberate dumbness . These factors can be fun only if they are done with decent stories . The film constantly changes its rules as it moves on from one chapter to another whimsically , and then we realize that like Tarantino 's self-indulgent `` Death Proof , '' the director is actually doing what other directors did . And they did better .
 Doomsday is the story of Eden Sinclair -LRB- played by Rhona Mitra -RRB- , a one-eyed wonder soldier who is sent into a virus-quarantined Scotland to search for the scientist Kane . It is here that the story takes off.The movie starts well , building an intriguing story and background . The acting and script are good , and me are pulled into what appears to be a very good movie.But somewhere about a third of the way in , it falls apart . Once inside the walled city , the movie turns into a non-stop action flick , with endless machine gun blasts , blood-spurting scenes , raging virus-infected freaks , and of course cannibals.It is here that the good actors that set the pace early on are missing . It is also at this point in the movie where a well-paced loses wind , and takes us on a ride that gets tedious quickly.See the movie for yourself , but expect this roller coaster to go downhill fast after 40 minutes .
 Good actors cant save a terrible script . I liked the actors in this film . The movie itself however was horrible . If you 've seen any of the Mad Max films and Escape from New York , then you have seen this . If the United States is where all the aliens land then the United Kingdom is where all the deadly plagues start.The movie starts with a deadly fast spreading virus that kills almost everyone in Scotland so the government instantly builds a 30 ' wall around the country and leaves the survivors to die . 35 years later , instead of NO survivors , there are a couple hundred 20-something men and women who are directly out of Mad Max films.The Prime Minister sends in their top agent to recover the cure for the deadly virus that is presumably in the enclosed area and she gets immediately captured . The rest of the movie is strange mix of fights , exploding heads , hacked off limbs and even an exploding bunny with way way over the top gore so common in Rogue Pictures ' films.If you are a fan of exploding heads , guts , hacked off limbs etc. and dont mind that the plot makes no sense , this is the film for you . If you hate to see good actors and what could have been intriguing characters -LRB- the two main villians -RRB- wasted on a terrible movie , then dont waste your time .
 What can one say about a film that is a blatant rip-off of so many other films ? My recommendation is that instead of wasting your time and money on this film , go out and purchase a hollow point round and try wedging it firmly into your brain -LRB- without a gun -RRB- . That is more entertaining than this film.Seriously though , i tried to get through this movie on 2 separate occasions , desperately searching for SOME redeeming quality and not only could i not do that , but i could n't finish watching either . They took 28 days later , land of the dead , escape from new york , mad max , underworld and camelot , splashed in a touch of riverdance -LRB- ? -RRB- and tried to string it all together , rather unsuccessfully i might add . PLEASE , save your time and money and just go watch any of the previous mentioned films instead . If you choose to watch this @ $ $ fest instead , do n't say you were n't warned !
 This movie is the worst possible mixture of genres imaginable . It starts off with promise , looking like we are getting some decent viral zombie holocaust action . Then it morphs into a bad Road Warrior ripoff and goes even further by expecting us to believe that people can not only recreate Camelot and all its trappings in 25 years , but act like that is the only way they have ever lived , as if they just happened to have talented armorers and blacksmiths with them all the time -LRB- who could do 50 years of production in however long they had -RRB- . Zombie virus to Road Warrior to Camelot and then back to Road Warrior , all with an incredibly stupid ending . There was no reason for the protagonist not to be airlifted out and continue with her life , but she chose to stay . `` If you 're hungry , try a piece of your friend . '' I would have an easier time believing that Army of Darkness was a factual documentary before buying into circumstances ever playing out this way . That is n't the point of movies , I know , but at some point you should reject the hokey and implausible when it does n't make any sort of sense whatsoever . Suspension of disbelief , the key component toward enjoyment of most every movie , is not the issue here . The issue is a slap-dash , nonsense story that left cohesion and continuity on the cutting room floor , if indeed it ever existed . It was like they had three different writer/producers all with an equal say , which probably was n't the case as that would make some sort of sense . I liked the leading lady .
 I wanted to like this movie , because I thought the idea was actually pretty interesting , and until they ran into the first survivors , it was fairly good . From there it became a very poor wanna-be replica of `` Escape from NY '' mixed with the `` Mad Max '' series . They missed many good opportunities that could have been explored , like they could have done so much with the fallout shelter they found , and the concept of what would happen to the survivors and the dynamic of how to reestablish a society in a case like this was an interesting thought , but they rushed through things that could have made the story more believable and interesting , instead going for shock and gore over a good plot . In the end I was questioning what the point of the whole thing was . I was very disappointed .
 A proudly British post-apocalyptic sci-fi / fantasy / action / adventure flick . Seemed like this one could n't settle on a specific movie to rip off , so it just grabbed a fistful of mismatched favorites and crammed them all together into one big , horribly jumbled mess . I think it 's safe to say this is the first time a film has ever transitioned from Outbreak to 28 Days Later to Children of Men to Escape From New York to Lord of the Rings to Gladiator before finally settling into Mad Max for the big finish . By the third shift in cast , setting and theme , I 'd written the whole thing off and was content to just sit back and enjoy the train wreck . If you 've ever been browsing the shelves and thought to yourself `` I 'm really in the mood for a cannibalistic , choreographed , ska-based dance number set in the charred remains of the Thunderdome , but there 's nothing here that fits the bill , '' well , look no further . High marks for the visuals , though , which were about the only reason anyone should give a second thought to tuning in .
 I loved The Descent . It was such a creepy and wonderfully filmed horror movie . I was an immediate Neil Marshall fan and had to pick up Doomsday because of it.Take Mad Max and combine it with Black Knight and you have this movie.A robotic eye ? Really ? This ridiculous plot device was only made to ` tie up the ending . ` She returns at the end ? Why ? Is this ever explained?The Mad Max raiders are fearless and run head first into full machine gun blasts ready to die . But play a game of chicken with them in a car and they ALL swerve out of the way in fear of crashing . Makes sense ... What was the point of those futuristic army suits they wore if they offered no protection whatsoever?The humvee/tank was explained to have 2 inch armor that can stop all sorts of ballistics . Yet the driver of the tank is taken out by a crossbow.A $ 200k Bentley cant outrun a 30 year old Datsun . - In the end im giving this movie two stars . One for the funny over the top gore and two for Viper the female raider .
 While watching this movie all i could think was , `` did Neil Marshall really direct this jumbled mess ? ''
 A dystopian near-future meets a rebirth of the feudal system in Neil Marshall 's post-apocalyptic vision , in which an elite team of military operatives accompany medical experts into the no-go zone that is Scotland in 2035 to find a cure for a virus that is decimating the population.The central conceit of the film -- that government would choose to seal off Scotland and rebuild Hadrian 's Wall as a reaction to the virus -- is cute and hokey to begin with , and this perhaps gives some indication as to the tonal and stylistic decisions taken with the project . Unapologetically derivative , the Mad Max elements and a deliberate attempt to set the modern solider against the medieval knight are contrived and only serve to deprive the film of any real sense of gravitas or purpose , and the decision to use South Africa in place of Scotland for much of the filming may have made financial sense but it seems a shame the grandeur of the Scottish landscape itself was not on display here . The dialogue is for the most part dreadful and the dominance of alternative sub-cultures is as implausible as their anarchic and cannibalistic portrayal is risible . Malcolm McDowell is far better than the kind of role he is given here , even if it is not an atypical one for this stage in his career , and the choice of music is at times ill-fitting and only serves to date the film back to its stylistic roots.There are , however , some things to like here . The decaying cities of Glasgow and London look convincing , and the action sequences -- if resorting to superfluous gore to the point of inciting boredom -- are well executed . Rhona Mitra makes for a fine and convincing heroine and the likes of Adrian Lester and Alexander Siddig also do the best they can with the material they have been given , but above all Doomsday feels like it was a much more intelligent and worthier piece of work that took a wrong turn very early in the creative process . -- Adam ChamberlainRevelation Magazine
 In `` Doomsday , '' a wild and wooly rollercoaster of a movie , a lethal virus has spread through the British Isles , infecting millions and killing hundreds of thousands . To contain the disease , the authorities quarantine the country by constructing a massive wall to keep the afflicted from the untainted . This leads to fear , panic , and total chaos with mob rule prevailing , but the quarantine works.Three decades later , however , the virus resurfaces . A group of specialists , including Eden Sinclair -LRB- Rhona Mitra -RRB- , is sent to the still-quarantined country to obtain a cure . Isolated from the rest of the world , the group must negotiate what has become a living nightmare , battling bloodthirsty , virus-infected mutants . `` Doomsday '' draws upon many other movies , specifically `` Mad Max , '' `` I Am Legend , '' `` 28 Days Later , '' `` Alien , '' and both halves of the `` Grindhouse '' double feature . Director Neil Marshall -LRB- `` The Descent , '' `` Bully '' -RRB- concentrates on pace above all else , dribbling out minimal exposition so that gun battles , gruesome bloodletting , and car chases can dominate the screen.The characters are standard action picture issue . Bob Hoskins plays Bill Nelson , a down-to-earth , decent guy in charge of selecting the individuals for the deadly mission . He knows Eden is the right person for the job and puts her in charge of a ragtag group prepared to brave the no-man 's - land of the virus-stricken . As soon as we see the two impressive-looking armored vehicles that will serve as the team 's transport , we know from having seen so many similar movies that one will be destroyed and numerous lives will be lost.Eden is the strong , silent type , instinctively quick when danger is imminent and lightning fast in defending herself and her team against onslaughts of the humanoids , who resemble more 1980 's punk rockers than plague-ridden citizens . With her form-fitting black spandex and dramatic poses , Eden looks more like a comic book heroine than a serious law enforcement professional . But , owing to the tone of the movie , this is likely intentional.In the `` Alien '' movies , Sigourney Weaver brought a gravity to her role as Ripley . We believed her as a tough warrior when things got rough and she had to face a formidable enemy . With Mitra , it 's hard to shake the impression of her as an ad for a new fragrance in Elle magazine . Every time we see a close-up , we are so taken with her beauty that we completely disassociate her from her character . The result is that `` Doomsday , '' played absolutely straight , comes off as a campy foray into the deterioration-of-society genre.Malcolm McDowell pops up in the film 's second half as Kane , the man who may hold a cure for the dread disease . A megalomaniacal , futuristic Nero , Kane has created a fiefdom of sorts in the countryside to weather the plague that has affected the rest of the country . Here , with his armored guards , he holds sway over a fortress and officiates over gladiatorial bouts.The movie has more than its share of jaw-dropping moments , such as a musical interlude by the crazed mob that has turned to torture and cannibalism for amusement and nourishment ; a one-eyed heroine who removes her faux eye , which is a camera , so she can see around corners and peek into forbidden areas ; and a tattooed , bare-chested , Mohawk-sporting mob leader who clearly missed his calling as rock star . `` Doomsday '' contains an enormous amount of violence -- graphic beheadings , bodies crushed under tanks , axes being imbedded into heads , and even an innocent rabbit being blown up by gunfire . This is not a movie for the weak of stomach .
 That 's it . Watch it as a comedy and a satire made just for fun by Neil Marshall . Although it starts in quite serious tone , do n't try to look for reasons , coherence or anything like that . Just watch it for what it is , a fast run movie through the cliches of the post apocalyptical movies . That way you will probably find it entertaining and funny . You will probably notice the flaws , lots of them , but with that attitude you wo n't care much . I 'd bet they are there on purpose . Some quite disgusting scenes are there too if you have a good stomach -LRB- pay attention to my advice and do n't eat anything before -RRB- . What I disliked the most is that I find the post apoc with wild punkies and motocycles way too boring for my taste , taken seriously or just for fun . For my taste it 's one of the best ways to spoil a good story like in Waterworld or Doomsday .
 As other reviewers have already said there is nothing original here . If your looking for authenticity or realism in the action scenes you wo n't find that either . Rhona Mitra does make a excellent hard as nails heroine which is nice for once but thats not enough to redeem the poor writing and unresearched use of weapons and vehicals . There are excellent special effects and costuming but I found the excessive , unnecesary gore and violence to be a turnoff . Glad I did n't go to see this one in the theatres .
 I should have known when this movie started out with a Voice Over that I was in trouble . But the visuals in the beginning were interesting , Scotland being devastated by a plague , people dying or killing one another , the place being walled off and quarantined as a no-fly zone . It was mass pandemonium and if you ignored the VO , it was fun.Flash forward 30 years or so and the whole movie goes to hell . Everyone in the world is under impression that those locked off `` behind the wall '' have all died , except a nasty sleaze ball business man/politician -LRB- of course -RRB- . He knows that there is life back there , they 've seen it on satellite ... and now the nasty plague is appearing in other parts of the world , so they decide to send in a woman with a funky eye and a bad attitude to go over the wall -LRB- into the quarantine zone -RRB- and try to find a Doctor who was working on a cure for the plague before they walled in Scotland and left him there to die.Once she crosses the wall nothing makes any sense anymore . This movie makes a switch to a bad version of Mad Max ... apparently there are thousands of survivors ... and they have electricity and gasoline ... most survivors must have been mechanics , tattoo artists and hair dressers because after the devastating plague everyone has Mohawks , piercings , tattoos from head to toe , and they have rebuilt their cars into trash heaps only fit for a demolition derby . They throw `` Punk Rock Raves '' at dinner time and blast electronic music ALL the time . They are also cannibals ... but not your good natured cannibals that will hunt you down and eat you ... they make a spectacle and a show of it . The concept goes completely out the window and anything said in the first half of the movie needs to be forgotten because it now no longer applies.Example - In the beginning the world has no idea if there is any life on the other side of the quarantine wall . . after the token tough girl and her team cross the wall the people over there said `` any time we get near the wall your people shoot us down '' now WAIT a second ... if you 're encroaching on the wall enough to get shot , then obviously people know you are there ... DUH.Then we go from guns and explosions to swords and bows and arrows and people on horses mixed in with people in cars , and it all becomes such a cluster that unless you are some sort of die hard Mad Max fan ... this movie is BAD . Sure there is a little gore ... but not as much as one would like ... the plot is garbage , the acting is b-movie grade , and the script is laughable . In all honesty I ca n't believe I sat through the whole movie ... but I was folding clothes and did n't want to stop long enough to put in a different flick .
 The first 10 minutes of this film are the best.Then it becomes a HUGE , loud , moronic and overblown ripoff of several other movies.Synopsis
 make it short :-RRB- in the movie human kill and eat other human ! one of the worst movie of this year !
 Doomsday ... this is not an original movie . This is more like a slapped together homage to other , better movies , if not a complete ripoff of them . If that is your thing , then go for it . Personally , I enjoyed parts of this B movie but admit that it is unoriginal trash as well . Fun to watch when you want mindless action - but remember to check your brain at the door as most of it makes no sense at all .
 What a waste of money ! I had a hard time thinking of a worst film , but still could n't come up with anything . The plot is ridiculous , the acting is laughable and the directing is that of an 8-year old who just got a video camera for present . I was desperately looking for a comic relief that would turn this film into a parody of the action and epic genre but oh no , the -LRB- obviously -RRB- underage director of `` doomsday '' took his work all too seriously . `` Mad Max '' meets `` 28 Days Later '' , `` The Lord Of The Rings '' meets `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' . Absolute garbage .
 Being a moviegoer , you tend to realize very quickly that not everything is going to have superbly written characters , emotional depth and/or epic action sequences and sometimes you just want to watch a good dumb movie to entertain yourself for awhile . Criticize them all you want but films done by Paul W.S. Anderson -LRB- of Resident Evil and Alien vs. Predator -RRB- or Michael Bay -LRB- Pearl Harbor , Transformers -RRB- manage to entertain even when your brain is constantly being reminded the film is breaking all the laws of physics , using cliches one after another and bad dialogue . But sometimes even dumb movies can go beyond this and become utter travesties and so we have `` Doomsday '' , the latest from Neil Marshall , which not only seems molded together with scenes from other movies but they 're not even done properly.It 's the year 2035 and Britain has been hit by the Reaper virus , a particularly nasty and contagious disease . The government seals off the top half of Britain -LRB- read
 Starts off pretty bad but gets better . The audio mixing was poor so dialog from the center channel is hard to hear over the racket from the other speakers . Some annoying editing -LRB- chopped up action scenes -RRB- at times but also some interesting camera work in some scenes . Lots of over the top violence in this unrated version . Some of the action scenes were suspenseful and others were unrealistic . I would give the movie two and a half stars if I could but three would be too generous . It falls well short of similar movies like Resident Evil or I Am Legend .
 The first 15 minutes of the movie set up a good premise . Not an original premise , but a good enough premise to build a decent movie around . After that , the movie steadily gets worse and worse . It reminds me of a sloping line graph how steadily the movie gets worse at it goes on because each scene is weaker than the one before it . It gets progressively more terrible until finally culminating in one of the most awful chase scenes I 've ever seen.That climatic chase scene is just atrocious . Part of it is a car chase scene where you just want to tell the director that if he is n't going to take it seriously , he should do something else to end the movie . Lots of action movies are unrealistic . But the last 15 minutes of this movie crosses the line from unrealistic into something so absurd that it 's almost insulting to the audience .
 This movie is nothing more than repackaging of used ideas . Matter of fact there is one sceane that is almost directly out of Mad Max , the road warrior . Out of the choice between Mad Max and this , I 'd say go Mad Max .
 Written and directed by Neil Marshall , the Sci-Fi action adventure plods through the terrain of several classics in the genre - Mad Max -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Escape from New York -LRB- 1981 -RRB- - while failing to seize its own identity.The outstanding performance of actress Rhona Mitra - Major Eden Sinclair , who has a cybernetic eye - is wasted on a familiar story line of a hideous virus , an evil government and survivors trying to forge a new society . The virus infects Scotland , which is walled-off by the British government in what appears to be a successful quarantine , though the trapped population is dying off.Years later , the virus appears in London , which sends the government scrambling to `` find '' a cure for their citizens . Enter Sinclair , who leads a team into the remnants of Scotland to find medical researcher Dr. Kane -LRB- Malcolm McDowell -RRB- , who was reportedly working on a cure before being isolated by the quarantine . There are medieval knights loyal to Kane , a cannibalistic tribe and other obstacles standing in the way of Sinclair and the truth . And then there are political leaders waiting for Sinclair who ca n't handle the truth.Mitra is masterful , but this apocalyptic look into the future is actually some clone wars from some past reels on the big screen .
 I was a huge fan of Dog Soldiers and The Descent . I had high expectations for Director Neil Marshalls first departure from the horror genre . Wow this film is awful . The non existant story is punctuated often with gratuitous gore that is totally out of place in this kind of film . The gore in his previous films served the story , not so in this . One stupid pointless gory scene after another . I made it through an hour of this and turned it off . I sincerely hope Neil 's next film is better than this . Should n't be too hard .
 This is the worst movie I 've seen in quite a while.I am very forgiving when it comes to B movies . This one is a C - at best . Rhona Mitria is the only reason I did n't give it 1 star.Think of every clich&eacute; you can of a post-apocalyptic society and you 've got this movie . It 's Road Warrior , Escape from New York , and The Postman , with bits of I am Legend and Resident Evil all rolled into one bland yawnfest . -LRB- Note
 The video is good , and so is the sound , but the movie is a really bad choice . At first sight it seems to be a good action movie , but it is just a bad copy of mad max , with some new stuff , like the combination of an apocalyptic civilization with a normal civilization .
 Useless and annoying , this copycat of a copycat fails on almost every level . Part Escape From New York , part Mad Max , part Resident Evil , and part District 13 -LRB- Banlieue 13 -RRB- minus the charm or entertainment value of any of those films . The saving grace was Alexander Siddig , always a joy to watch , and of course Malcolm McDowell . Contrived and paint-by-numbers , I was more entertained by a Harriet Carter catalog . Without a good story , gore is a bore and this bloody movie was a one-way ticket to Yawnsville .
 I was n't expecting much when I rented Doomsday given all the mediocre reviews in comparison to Marshall 's previous efforts , and my preconceived notions proved entirely correct . Every other reviewer hit the nail on the head in stating that this movie borrows from a slew of other post-apocalyptic films that did a much better job in contributing to the genre . There are no memorable characters nor are there any exceptionally cool scenes , which are the two main characteristics that draw me to these types of films . The action sequences are only so-so , and the concept of knights versus punks was poorly executed . Do yourself a favor and pick upEscape from New York -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- , The Road Warrior ,28 Weeks Later / 28 Days Later -LRB- 2 pack -RRB- , or evenA Boy & His Doginstead .
 This movie is just plain bad . You know that feeling you get when someone makes a really bad pun ? Imagine that exact sensation , that feeling of annoyance , crankiness , disappointment and mild frustration just before you groan aloud and roll your eyes , lasting for 120 minutes - at which point you will groan aloud and roll your eyes . Reading the other reviews I thought this might be a guilty pleasure - instead it 's just a damn shame . I 'd rather sign a 3-picture deal to play the corpse 's groin in the next `` Weekend at Bernie 's '' sequels than endure this again .
 Neil Marshall , the British born writer/director who brought us instant genre classics with Dog Soldiers and The Descent , writes and directs Doomsday , thus giving me somewhat high hopes . As you can tell from the previous reviews here , Doomsday is about as derivative a flick as you will find , and sadly flatlines shortly after it 's electrifying opening act . In a post-apocalyptic future , Major Eden Sinclair -LRB- Rhona Mitra -RRB- and her crew are dispatched to a years-long quarantined land in search of a cure when an incredibly dead virus makes a comeback , and soon enough Sinclair and her crew become trapped , hunted , and brutalized in their effort to escape , and the clock is ticking . Sadly , Doomsday is n't nearly as enjoyable as that description makes it sound . While Marshall manages to weave some nice moments of action and some bloody gross-outs , Doomsday as a whole just comes off as something we 've seen too often before , and seen done much better . The comparisons to Mad Max , 28 Days Later , George Romero 's Knightriders , and more are unavoidable , and sadly , Marshall 's dialogue and story elements do n't fare much better either . Also featuring Malcolm McDowell , Bob Hoskins , David O'Hara , Sean Pertwee , and Alexander Siddig ; all of whom are utterly wasted in what comes off as throwaway roles . All in all , even if you loved Marshall 's previous efforts and dig post-apocalyptic sci-fi flicks , Doomsday sadly disappoints .
 * 1/2If you combined `` Camelot '' with `` Road Warrior '' and `` Robin Hood '' with `` I Am Legend , '' you might come up with something like `` Doomsday , '' a jaw-dropping concoction whose sole claim to fame is that it proves that British filmmakers are every bit as capable of producing a really bad action flick as their American counterparts.In terms of plot , `` Doomsday '' is yet another futuristic action picture designed to turn the general populace into a bunch of paranoid hypochondriacs . The movie begins in 2008 , just as a mysterious killer virus has broken out in Scotland , forcing the citizens of that country to be quarantined behind reinforced metal barriers -LRB- constructed on the site of Hadrian 's Wall -RRB- and coastal blockades . Twenty-seven years later , a new strain of the disease has emerged in London , forcing a team of military operatives , led by the take-no-prisoners , ass-kicking Major Eden Sinclair -LRB- Rhona Mitra -RRB- , to be sent into the quarantined area -LRB- where evidence suggests there may be some healthy survivors -RRB- to find out if there is indeed a cure for the disease and to bring it back to England with them when they return . But the team gets more than it bargained for when it enters the famed `` hot zone '' of Glascow - namely an out-of-control society where any semblance of morality and law-and-order has long since broken down , the inhabitants have turned into insatiable cannibals , and one sector of the population at least - in an act of supreme screenwriting idiocy - has donned Medieval attire and retreated to a castle deep in the nation ` s interior to begin the process of building their world anew amidst jousting tournaments and fight-to-the-death gladiatorial contests.Written and directed by Neil Marshall , the appropriately titled `` Doomsday '' comes replete with stilted dialogue , wooden acting , laughable action sequences , a corny hail-to-Dorothy-the-wicked-witch-is-dead conclusion , and the kind of grunge-chic that has become the standard-issue look for any and all post-apocalyptic tales since the `` Mad Max '' movies of the 1980s . Even the likes of once A-list players like Malcolm McDowell and Bob Hoskins get mired in the muck . The art direction and production design are decent , but a single additional word of praise lavished on this cheapjack , gory - I lost track of the beheadings - and vilely sadistic `` 28 Days Later '' knockoff would be excessive indeed . It is good for a few laughs , though .
 This is just a terrible letdown of a movie . We watched it after learning it was the director 's follow up to The Descent , but were very disappointed . Plot is frustratingly non-existent and there is n't enough style to carry your attention through.Also , the obligatory car chase scene is the worst sports car commercial ever . Whoever licensed their car to this movie should have to explain to it 's shareholders why their insanely good looking sports car ca n't outrun broken down post-apocalyptic rust bucket trucks and buses at speeds approaching an apparent 40 MPH !!! In this entire post-apocalyptic Scottish cannibal deadly virus movie , the car chase was the still the most unbelievable part . Unbelievably poor film-making .
 ... Today ! Although this is close to having potential ... it sucks.It has the special effects from the eighties , the idiosyncrasies of old genre movies like THE ROAD WARRIOR , and a pretty good cast . But , it sucks . I wanted to like this movie , but ... it sucks .
 This film 's really strange . Tilda Swinton plays four characters ; Rosetta/Ruby/Marinne / Olive . One is the creator , the others are clones.A definciency in the clones means that one must regularly go out and have sex with men in order to harvest their semen , which she collects in a condom . Then she takes this back and makes a tea out of it which they all drink from , as well as they inject themselves with another by-product . It 's too weird
 While I think Tilda Swinton is gifted and talented , this is way off the mark . Convoluted and lack luster.Waste of time .
 this is the most worseless piece of dribble ever produced , watched about 30 minutes of it and just turned it off
 Okay ... I read the back of this DVD before I rented it , and thought to myself ... `` you 've got to be kidding me ... cloned women who need to eat sperm to live . '' I figured this was a thinly veiled porno that had enough plot to make it to a rental shelf . Boy was I wrong ... so wrong . It has a plot alright ... a droll and ponderously slooooooow plot . A scientist makes copies of herself , but removes their reproductive ability , which makes them dependent on protein from sperm . -LRB- If you had visions of hot women givin ' endless BJs to a horde of guys , look somewhere else -RRB- Long story short ... the three `` clones '' and the scientist are all played by the same chick , who is not hot , does not get naked and poorly interacts with her other `` blue-screened '' selves . If you are going to have a sexually based movie , -LRB- ... -RRB- It may be `` low brow '' to say something like this , but the title is called `` TEKNOLUST '' . There was absolutely ZERO lust in this movie , as the clones equated sex with eating vitamins ... and had no passion whatsoever when getting their `` protein '' . The clones were color-coded like power rangers which made this movie even more retarded . I hate being duped by souped up dvd/vhs movie box cover art . This movie has the distinction in being in a small class of movies I actually had to fast-forward through because I was so bored/disappointed . In fact , if you watch this after having read my review , you need to send me a dollar for being that stupid .
 The movie revolves around a Professor who has created copies of herself in an illegal experiment . The problem is that her copies are deficient in X chromosome and therefore have to drink and inject themselves with male mojo !! Everything seems to be going fine till they start infecting the men they harvest.Maybe its just me , but this movie failed to connect with me at any level . The acting is stupid and the story loses its footing 5 min into the movie ...
 I honestly did n't think anyone would be able to sincerely enjoy this movie . Guess I was wrong . I found everything about this movie to be lacking . The plot is pretty dumb . The dialogue is way too over-the-top . Watch , for example , the balcony scene when two of the characters try to explain that the reason no one is happy is because they do n't get the chance to find their true `` essence . '' Whatever . The writer obviously fell into that dangerous trap of thinking that every line has to be dazzlingly profound . Sometimes simple , everyday dialogue can say as much as existential musings . While the acting was n't altogether bad , it did feel very uninspired . All three of the clones and their creator were played the same way . I realize perhaps that 's cause they 're clones , but jeez , mix it up a little . The only way to tell them apart is by physical appearance . And I completely agree with the reviewer who did n't find Tilda attractive . Depending on which clone she played , she either looked freakish , disturbed , or even a little manly -LRB- Ruby looked more like a drag queen than a woman -RRB- . Only the green clone looked halfway attractive , and I 'm pretty sure that 's because her hair covered most of her face . Speaking of color schemes , the imagery in this movie is too much Cat-in-the-Hat for my liking . All in all I could find little or no redeeming value in this movie . And I did watch it at 1 in the morning . Apparently that 's the only time Starz will show it .
 The movie DVD was completely blank . We tried it on 3 different DVD players and it never played . What a waste of money and unfortunately I purchased the DVD for an upcoming film production class project I had registered for so I did n't open the pack and check it right away . A total waste !
 Storytelling is a bit of a disappointment except for some great moments that really stand out , but sadly overall is not really this director on form . There are some social statements made here but the film does bore at times and never really manages to engage the viewer . It sort of ends up looking like a somewhat rushed piece of work and you get the feeling that a little more attention to the script would have made all the difference.Many of the big name actors here are obviously involved in this project because of the director 's previous powerhouse drama `` Happiness '' . Although we are not expecting the director to do all that again we are expecting a story , but really only get some piece of experimental cinema that seems as if it was just made for the director 's amusement alone and very little else . Storytelling almost plays out as if the director is trying to establish a film that he wants to make . So he has filmed all of these scene to try and see what kind of film he would eventually like to make , but instead actually presents this test as the final approved version of the film . Could it be that this director is just testing the critics to see if they would end up loving a `` bad '' movie because of his last piece of work?The `` film '' is two different stories . One is about a student writer who ends up doing a very non-politically correct story about domination by a mandingo black teacher . The other story is about a documentary film maker following a student at school and at home with his family . The scene at the table about Nazis and being conceived in the womb is fantastic but there is little else here except for maybe the burning at the stake scene.Overall this is just a bad film that does n't work . Only recommended as something you should see because you like the director - but all else should avoid .
 I wo n't bother reviewing much of the actual film other than that i think the 2 halves of the movie never really gel together like they 're supposed to -LRB- or are they ? -RRB- . Transfer of film to DVD is pretty grainy in some scenes -LRB- the nighttime ones -RRB- . The back of the box claims `` animated menus '' but all i saw were standard NON-animated menus . I also found this DVD to be very skimpy in extras . For example , there 's no director 's commentary . Probably the worst thing is that the deleted scenes are excluded from the disc . The original version of the film was roughly an hour longer and featured another vignette featuring James Van Der Beek . Todd Solondz was apparently upset over the producer 's cuts and blamed them for the film 's lukewarm response . So where are the scenes that would complete Solondz vision ? Apparently , not on this disc .
 Todd Solondz creates a bland and rather pointless trip into the heart of suburban life . Two Unmated and drab scenes make up `` Storytelling '' . Ultimately , both ` Fiction ' and ` Nonfiction ' prove a troubling path some independent filmmakers have recently embarked upon
 I rented this b/c Franka Potente had a bit -LRB- very bit -RRB- part . I did not enjoy it at all . The director seems to be on a downhill trajectory . The characters in this film are unhappy , callow , coy , and unfortunately not engaging . Moreover , the director seems disgusted by both film making and viewing . Unfortunate .
 I found this movie rather distasteful , even though it is funny at times and does make a few valid observations . This does n't justify its ugliness , though , and does n't make it worth sitting through .
 This is honestly the worst movie I 've ever seen . I ca n't imagine how anyone could possibly have enjoyed it . I hated everything about it .
 I am one of those people who loves almost every movie I see . But , there are always exceptions . I think Storytelling is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Maybe I just did n't understand it or something , but it did nothing for me . Wait , that 's wrong . It , at times , offended me , bored me , confused me , and -LSB- made me mad -RSB- . Very rarely did I feel entertained.There are two different stories , one titled `` fiction '' and the other `` non-fiction . '' In many movies with seemingly unrelated plot lines , they manage to weave together by the end . In this movie , they stay completely unrelated . There is no character overlap and no apparent reason that the two are both in the same movie.The only thing I liked about this movie was the appearance of Conan O'Brian . He was hilarious , and that was the one scene where I laughed out loud . But , really , it was the only good thing I can remember .
 I previously have been a fan Todd Solondz 's work in the pastm but I really did n't like Storytelling . Solondz has a real talent to make the tragic and brutal seem humorous . Where WELCOME TO THE DOLLHOUSE and HAPPINESS are cynical comedies , STORYTELLING is simply a mean-spirited movie . What this movie really lacks is a coherent story to tie the depressing subject matter into a humorous movie . If you 're new to Solondz 's work , watch his previous movies first .
 *** CONTAINS SPOILERS *** It 's probably fun to make a movie about yourself -- or one that focuses closely on you -- and that is what director Solondz has done with STORYTELLING . Not only is the film divided into two nearly unintelligible segments , it is further broken down during the final section by portraying a down-on-his luck director -LRB- Paul Giamatti , THE ILLUSIONIST -RRB- who is obviously a doppelganger of Solondz himself.Overflowing with apathy , Storytelling has two distinct parts
 My mate brought this back because of its glowing reputation , and we both sat in stunned silence as we watched this . When it was finished we looked at each other in bafflement , and then passsed a very pleasurable half hour ripping it to shreds.Perhaps it 's becuase I 'm a Brit , we both are . But for a film that 's supposed to be darkly humourous , there is n't a laugh in it . It labours most of it 's points so hard you want to get up and club it to death , and most of them you can see coming a mile off . It 's just dull , the characters are unsympathetic characatures , and the plot is risable . If you want a wierd and funny college move buy `` Battle Royal '' instead , the Japanese do it better .
 At the risk of giving something away , this film is broken up into 2 sections . The first is fairly interesting and has a decent amount of shock-value . The second however , IMHO , was quite boring and I have never been able to finish it without my mind wandering .
 I was deeply disappointed by this film . I bought DVD copies of Welcome to the Dollhouse and Happiness . I loved those films and I was a big fan of the director up to this point . I admired how he seemed to `` push the limits '' in his previous work and I came to feel that he was a good `` storyteller '' and had a distinct style . So , when this was first released I was very excited . And the fact that he fought very hard against the censors made me admire him more . But this work was real trash . The movie arrogantly refuses to tell a cohesive story or include worth-remembering dialogue . Dollhouse and Happiness were cynical and irreverent , but this film was just vapid and mean-spirited . Hopefully , Todd Solandz will stay away from this `` Woody Allen-Oliver Stone bitterness spiral '' and just try returning to making better films .
 I 'll keep it short
 The purpose of this review is to save someone 87 minutes of life . Spend that time elsewhere than with this film.Before writing this review , I required myself to read all 68 previous reviews of the film posted on -LSB- ... -RSB- . I usually allow myself this privilege only after I write a review . I want to record what I need to say before I allow others their fair say . I want to trust what I think , what I feel ; I no longer want others -- be they scholars or celebrities or athletes or family or friends -- to think for me . Let me think , let me express , then let me consider the thoughts of others.This time , though , my thoughts were so clear . This is trash -- vulgar trash.Am I surprised that people loved this movie ? Yes . How did they record their impressions ? One wrote about the `` Sartrean power struggles '' in the movie . If that phrase makes sense to you , perhaps this movie will also.So I cast my vote with the haters of this movie , the critics who are forced to give it one star because we are not allowed to give it no stars , the critics who wrote the following : `` Less real than Sponge Bob Squarepants ... '' `` There is n't a laugh in it ... '' `` Arrogantly refuses to tell a cohesive story ... '' `` Simply mean-spirited ... '' `` More the illusion of substance ... than substance ... '' `` It ... offended me , bored me , confused me ... very rarely did I feel entertained . `` Save yourself .
 I did not read any reviews of this film before I watched , pardon me , started to watch this film . And it seems I did n't read any reviews before I bought it , either . Had I done so I would have thought twice about buying it.So I settle down happily , all expectant , for I am a student in a screenwriting class myself and we know how hard it is to write something that will actually be put to screen , something that enthralls , that moves , that stirs people , something new and remarkable.Well , first rule is , always show action for a reason . Make it lead somewhere , every single shot . Add dialogue for emphasis , to enhance the story . To help you out when you ca n't show something or do n't want to . Rule two
 I found this movie to be quite disturbing in parts without necessarily having to be or adding to the overall effect of the movie , in fact , certain scenes merely showcased the directors need to shock and alienate the audience as he did so well in Happiness yet the difference is , a person can only take so much wretchedness and filth disguised as Art before the disguise itself becomes tiresome and we see this film for what it really is ... 2 episodes of the Jerry Springer Show cunningly played out by credible actors in an `` American Beauty '' like setting .
 Please - I implore you - DO NOT waste your money on this god-awful film ! Todd Solondz has gone WAY off course with this one . Spend your money on `` Welcome to the Dollhouse '' or `` Happiness '' and pretend this abomination never happened .
 I rented this movie knowing nothing about it other than I liked Selma Blair and John Goodman . It was in the comedy section . I do n't think I laughed once during this movie.Film quality was low , there was n't any soundtrack that I could remember -- except maybe the psychedellic sex scene . The acting was fine , but what was the point of this movie ? It seemed bent on squeezing in the most akward sex moments . The MOST akward and disturbing . It opens with Slema Blair 's rather unclothed upper torso flying -- later we see her in what can only really be taken as a rape scene , which is nicely disorted in the fullbody shots by a large orange rectangle -LRB- does n't get rid of the sound or the very on purpose un-p.c . language -RRB- and then the psychedellic sex scene -- which is implied between two boys , which is also almost another rape.This movie also features the most evil little boy I have had to witness in a long time , some perversion of the child outwitting the grownups cliche that hollywood is fond of using -LRB- aka Home Alone -RRB- . I rather wish I could get a refund or take back having ever rented this .
 Do n't even waste your time !! The movie made NO sense what-so-ever to me !! Its a dark comedy ... do what ???? I did not laugh NOT once !! Not even smile ... I just want to tell you -- it sucks ! That is all .
 The acting is good , but it does not help this film from being a complete waste of time . Both stories are about weak , afflicted people inflicting great emotional -LRB- and physical -RRB- pain on other people . It seems like the exploration into these awful situations are merely for shock value and do n't really delve into why these people are so shallow , the only thing that would make you even feel pity for these people.I would not recommend this movie to anyone .
 I do n't have a ton of fancy over-analytical bull for you . This movie sucked . Both seperate mini-movies were hard to watch , painful even . I know other reviewers saw much more into it , but I just could n't feel it . I love many of the actors that played in it , but just could n't appreciate whatever sardonic angle the director was aiming towards .
 Why does Hollywood concentrate on people who use their freedom and advantages -LRB- more than any country has enjoyed in history -RRB- to feel sorry for themselves and destructive behaviorThe second tale Non Fiction . . is about a family who is physically healthy , have financial freedom and every advantage 90 % of the people in the world would cherish . . and have no desire to make contributions to a society that has given them so much . . Thankfully most Americans are not like these losers , otherwise our republic would not have survived wars , depressions , and constant changes for 230 years.This is supposed to be an accurate picture of Suburbia . . I taught in suburbian America for 35 years . . I met parents who cared and did all they could to understand and encourage their children and I had countless students who loved their parents , appreciated their schools and wanted to make the world better . . THESE are the families whose stories deserve to be told . . but they run counter to Hollywood 's cynical , atheistic view of humanity ... If you do n't mind spending your time with self pitying , unappreciating , unambitous , dull people , this film is your cup of tea ... -LRB- with every bitter herbs . . -RRB-
 I began watching this play last night . Not even 10 minutes into it I popped right back out . It got off to a bad start with me . Instead I watched the play `` Man of Her Dreams '' & it was off the hook ! So this afternoon I tried `` The Marriage Counselor '' again . I winced throughout it but I told myself I had to finish it . It was such a disappointment . If Tyler Perry 's name was n't on it I would n't have recognized it as one of his . This must 've been during a slump . The script was n't good , and the acting was needs-improvement . Most of the actors were overacting & it was bad at that ! I winced through much of the counseling scenes because these people were ghetto beyond belief . Tyler embraced the stereotype of loud black people who talk to much and never listen . Tony Grant is good in everything I 've seen him in , and he did a good job despite the limits placed upon him . He had to play a dummy though . I thought I was watching a replay of the idiot husband from ` The Family That Preys ' I was irritated with him . The female lead was great ! Ca n't wait to see her in something else . The parents were ugggghhhhhh . The preacher/stripper couple were much too ghetto for me . The white chick could blow , but that 's all she should 've done . Her role was terrible & I could n't stand watching the scenes she was in .
 This movie was beyond belief and the humor was to far gone . I did like the sons father , he was the funniest person in the movie .
 While I am avid Tyler Perry `` movie '' fan , this play just emphasized why I prefer to wait until it is turned into a movie to go and see it . I thought the actor that played the father -LRB- who appeared to be about the same age as the son -RRB- was way too `` over the top '' with his acting . While some parts of his acting actually elicited a few laughs from me , for the most part his character was annoying . And while I am on the subject , several of those actors seemed as though they were reading from well placed cue cards throughout the stage because the acting was terrible , especially the man she left her husband for , his timing was off as if he were always in a rush to say his lines , and that entire character of the secretary was ... . I can not even find a sutiable word for her acting.As I stated earlier , I would prefer to wait for the movies than to go see anymore plays . Acting in a play should be no different than acting in a film and these actors really turned me away from this play . Would have been upset had I spent good money to actually go and see the filming of this debacle . Thank goodness it was playing in a beauty shop where I was forced to endure it . And as a counselor , do n't even get me started on how unrealistic her portrayal of an actual counselor was , and the fact that two unprofessional people were just able to step in and conduct the counseling was too much for me to take . And before anyone comments on my post and how it was `` only a play '' , if he can consult professionals for the actual movies , then he should also do so for the plays , more money is spent on plays than on movies .
 Ordered this item March 6 , 2009 to this day of April 7 , 2009 I have not received this item !!!
 You need to make sure that your all of your CD products you plan on selling , are cleaned.Because the one I 've brought for you was skipping while I was trying to enjoy the movie .
 This movie would have been absolutely wonderful to see live . Unfortunately I did not know this was a Play & was a little bored because of it being on t.v. & not live on stage.I would not recommend buying this movie but I would recommend seeing the play live . Tyler Perry is one of a kind & is absolutely fantastic ! Such a genius !!
 My apologies to fans of this series . I enjoyed the first two of this admittedly low-budget series , but this one should have been left on the cutting-room floor . Who would believe that an aging , overweight alcoholic sniper would be first choice on a sensitive mission ? And who would believe that an ACTIVE Marine sniper would be so out of shape at ANY age ? I 'm not knocking Tom Berenger for putting on a few , but come on -- make the story believable . Instead , we get the cliche of a tormented hero potentially drinking his life and career away . How many times has this been done?My second biggest gripe was with the editing . Beckett was supposed to have lost his index -LRB- trigger -RRB- finger on his right hand ; it was even a subject for this movie . So I 'm sitting here watching his `` missing '' finger in almost every scene -- curled up , of course , but clearly visible . Could n't they have at least tried to make this believable ? This part would 've been great on Saturday Night Live.And what 's up with the f-word in every scene with confrontation ? Even the SUBTITLES were loaded with expletives . I 'm no prude , but even a low-budget movie like this could 've had a little class.Overall , this was so weak as a movie I could n't get into any of the characters , and I was really looking forward to it . It would have been a more convincing story line to have Beckett as an older mentor of a promising sniper , with a cheap prosthesis on his hand so we would n't have to pretend not to see the finger he lost years earlier , and weave his tormented past into his goals of retiring honorably , and even being involved in one last mission . But the way this was done was just plain disappointing .
 I guess after the first 2 movies that I had high expectations for this movie which it did n't meetI mean it 's ok , it is n't necessarily bad but it is n't very good either - - the plot is totally unbelievable - and it 's just plain painful to watchso there 's no way I 'll watch Sniper 4 - no way - if there ever is one
 This is a long way off from Sniper I & Sniper II . It is geared towards MOUT environments and nothing is very tactical in this movie . Keep the Sniper films in the bush and out of urban environments .
 For those who still remember the terrific acting of Tom Berenger in Oliver Stone 's ` Platoon , ' it is painful to watch him in ` Sniper 3 ' -LRB- which is also set in Vietnam -RRB- . Not that the film is a complete failure . Actually , Tom Berenger 's performace as the veteran sniper Thomas Beckett is fairly good , if not his best . But the film 's lazy direction -LRB- from the director of ` From the Dusk till Dawn
 Possibly the worst movie dealing with the Vietnam theme in the last 10-15 years . The plot revolves around a group of Marines returning to Vietnam to reexperience their old haunts of thirty years past . The group is hostile to their captain , who they belive called in an artillery strike on some of them , killing several , after a mutinous incident . As the men relive their experiences of the past war , they begin to confront what took place in the rice paddies long ago.The movie is bad in nearly every respect . The lead , Casper Van Dien , is woefully miscast -LRB- he was great in Starship Troopers -RRB- and his efforts to play a Marine captain and demonstrate `` decisiveness '' are ridiculous . van Diem as a meditative , tormented soul with a `` Marlboro gravelly '' voice ?! Hysterical.Worse are the stereotypes of '' ` Nam '' vets . After BG Burkett 's Stolen Valor , it is amazing such idiotic stereotypes can still exist . Naturally the '' ` Nam '' vets here are all given to constant `` confession , '' drunken reveling and psychotic behavior -- brought on by '' ` Nam , '' of course.In the tradition of Platoon , there is no mention of politics in the film -- other than `` wise '' looking Vietnamese soberly declaring that they `` fought from the heart for liberation '' while the Americans merely `` fought from hate of the Gooks . '' Maybe this is the reason the movie 's American vets are constantly weeping and having existential crises that resemble what your kid-sister had when her boyfriend broke up w / her . Anyway this is '' ` Nam '' for MTV , not actual vets -- so why not?The script is so bad that it 's painful to listen to . Did this film have an editor?In short , the film is a remarkably amaturish attempt to cash in on '' ` Nam '' -LRB- dude ! -RRB- stereotypes and make a buck . Have respect for the real vets . Read a novel by Keith Nolan or Burkett 's book instead .
 UNDER HEAVY FIRE -LRB- 2001 -RRB- Directed by Sidney J. Furie.Starring Caspar Van Dien.A group of tortured , sobbing , mentally unstable Vietnam Vets return to sunny happy apparently Non-Communist Vietnam to relive the spring of 1968 supposedly to discover what really happened when it appeared their Captain ordered artillary fire on his own men but really so the filmmakers can trot out nearly all of the Commie/lib propaganda points about the War save , by some miracle , that the troops were not all suppressed homosexual nazis . It starts out well but reveals its true Red identity at the 60 minute mark when an American college professor , wearing a Ho Chi Minh T-shirt , helpfully explains that the Vietcong were filled with love while the Americans were filled with hate . Really . I am not making it up.The Americans mow down innocent women and children . There are no communists in the film . No one knows what the war is about . The South Vietnamese -LRB- whom the Reds slaughtered in 1975 -RRB- are portrayed as being a bunch of savages so obviously deserved to be exterminated . The modern now South Vietnamese frei Vietnam is populated all with glowing smiling Elmos . The dirty sick Americans all end up in a muddy field screaming.A filthy piece of excrement that happily , due to the attack of the Muslim barbarians the year this was voided from the Liberal rectum , we will never see any more of since Hollywood needs the exact same poison to help undercut the troops fighting the 9/11 War.Like AVATAR , nice special effects , gorgeous photography and battle scenes . Still genocidal pornography.If one reads the end credits , one notices that it was made in cooperation of the Communist Vietnam govt . Is n't that special ?
 One of the worst war films , ever . Whoever wrote the script for this film was clearly not doing the Vietnam veteran any favors.There were just too many things wrong with `` Under Heavy Fire '' , beginning with both the historical and technical aspects of Marine combat operations in Vietnam.The first combat sequence is laughable . Marine combat commanders did n't order Navy Skyraider pilots to drop their fuel tanks under any circumstances . So is the use of an M113 as an NVA tank . So is the staged movement of the `` troops '' under fire.At one point , the Hue City sequence looked pretty good , but it was n't enough to give any depth to the story or develop any of the characters . I did n't care what happened to anybody in the film , because it seemed to me that what they were doing from scene to scene was nonsensical.At the very least , the characters come across as stereotypical . And what was the deal with the female lead ? What was she supposed to be about?The story plods along at an irritatingly slow pace . Predictably , by the film 's end , the real villain is fleshed out and the inept Captain Ramsey character is vindicated . He and Carrie Otis walk off into the sunset , holding hands.Anyway , if you liked this film , try to pick up a dvd set of the old Chuck Connors TV show , `` Branded '' . At the beginning of each show , Chuck is stripped of all his medals by some fat midget general standing on a soap box , and then sent off on the road to oblivion , I guess back to the minors . Pack duffle and shuffle , Chuck!I can still remember part of the `` Branded '' theme song
 Under the guise of being a movie about healing of Vietnam War Veterans this movie is just the opposite . In the movie these old soldiers get together and find out what trigger happy baby killers they were when they were young . Apparently there are still folks out there that find it neccessary to keep on spitting on vets . I picked up this DVD cheap and kind of sorry that I spent the six bucks for it . If you want to see a good Vietnam flick , spend your money on WHEN WE WERE SOLDIERS . It is a much better storyline and the folks in it actually do a good job of acting . UNDER HEAVY FIRE on the other hand is a B movie , with a lousy story and poorly executed . Sappy-sappy-sappy with a big group hug in the end . What a waste . Why do I have to give this move a star . Why ca n't I give it a minus three stars ?
 This is another typical racist American movie that depicted the Americans as good guys put into an `` immoral war '' protecting the corrupt South Vietnamese who is too corrupt to be saved any way . This is not a new myth , this attitude have been around for a long time and have repeated in American movies time and time again with little basis in fact . I have seen this kind of attitude since the Vietnamese start arriving in this country . What Vietnamese can forget the comments printed in the Time magazine May 1975 issue where the left and the right in this country was oppose to allowing the Vietnamese coming into America with some saying that `` all Vietnamese are killers and whores '' . The director of this movie have a long history of making films which depict American soldiers as virtuous warriors place in a bad war and the Asians in his movies is often portrayed as corrupt , stupid cowards and the Viets civilians as defenseless , helpless people who could not survive without Americans help . Take the movie `` The Boys in Company C '' , in which a bunch of American boys who have never play soccer come to dominate the soccer game against the South Vietnamese professional soccer players . This is reality ? That 's like saying someone who have never play baseball before can come to America and defeat the best professional baseball team this country have to offer . I though that this director will have improve his attitude and bigotry in time but I was wrong , the movie `` Under Heavy Fire '' is just a repeat of his previous movie.As to the argument that the South Vietnamese are corrupt ? Well , have anyone who say that ever read the book Dem Giu Ban Ngay -LSB- Darkness at Noon -RSB- by Vu Thu Hien who was a North Vietnamese officer and reporter who father is the personal Attach&eacute; for Ho Chi Minh , or the book Tu Ha Noi Den Mac Tu Khoa -LSB- From Hanoi to Moscova -RSB- written by my father , a former Communist battalion commander and former member of the North Vietnamese Bo Tong Tham Muu -LRB- a North Vietnamese equivalent of the Pentagon -RRB- . The fact is the North Vietnamese have always been 100 times more corrupt than the South . Communist general Nguyen Son used to say in the 1950 's that if the Vietnamese have take out every logistical officer in the Vietminh army and shoot them for corruption without a trial , they would not be executing innocent men.Do you think that the Kennedy and LBJ administration were clean ? Ever read the book `` The Dark Side of Camelot '' ? How about the Bush administration with the S&L ; scandal or the Clinton administration with `` pardon gate '' and the Elk Hill Oil Reserve scandal . Learn history before you start accusing the Vietnamese of being corrupt .
 After watching numerous Vietnam War-related documentary and fiction movies , I consider that `` Under Heavy Fire '' is one of the worst and most lackluster movies I ever watched . It should not be on market at all.This movie seems to be fairly offensive and distasteful because it used an male actor , Casper Van Dien in his 20s as a Vietnam veteran while the actress , Carre Otis , who looked like she was flirting , lusting , and taking pictures at this fairly egoistic whiner . Instead , it should use a real Vietnam veteran in his 50s as a leading role.The battle actions seemed too scattered , too fixed-chaos , and too much past/present time hopping . Some scenes of jungle almost looked like they were not previously touched by some soldiers of past because they did not look dense enough . It caused me to suspect that some actors of present were more afraid to walk and crawl through some areas with high density of plants , insects , and animals than the old-time actors.It painted Captain Ramsey as the king of the Vietnam tunnel battle which was very rare in Vietnam War . In reality , a lot of Americans were unable to go into some tunnels . It was one of most difficult and daunting tasks a U.S. soldier ever took . It took a very small soldier to enter a Viet-Cong tunnel successfully . He would be known as `` Tunnel Rat '' . According to the title 's polite statement -LRB- on back of DVD/VHS package -RRB- , it failed to mention that it would include short sexual scenes at `` present '' time which was fairly unusual for a Vietnam War-related film . Because of this , it made the movie seemed fraud.Not just the statement , so does the title . The movie failed to match its title , `` Under Heavy Fire '' . The title seems too exaggerating because of too few battle actions , poorly selected fields for a war film , and too much of bus-riding and unprofessional touring at the present time.What in the world why did the film waste its time showing some so-called Vietnam veterans staring at dirty graffit written on the outside walls ? This wasted minutes should be used for real fighting action to be according with the title.The TV journalist , Kathleen Martin , treated Captain Ramsey as if he was a special person and acted like he should deserve some pleasure treatment from a good-looking woman like her.Involving some story-telling Vietnamese at the present time in the movie actually saved it from becoming totally laughingstock . Actors and actresses seemed to do well but their reputations could be affected by the movie 's script . Good and organized script is very critical key to make a movie to be successful.I feel kind bad for an attractive actress/modeler like Carre Otis , to be included to Sidney J. Furie 's war-related directing.Casper Van Dien should not be used because of his age and he was not a real Vietnam veteran . He did not even wear facial make-up or mask to make him to look older . It is highly unusual for a man in his 50s to have a lot of hair and youthful skin . Dying hair white while leaving everything alone does not help at all.Carre Otis is recommended and deserved to be in the movie , she should be used properly in script term . She could be either perform a lot of sex or do no sex at all.To add sex scenes in `` fictitious documentary '' section many years after the war , is not best option . Otherwise , remove ficitious documentary and put in `` non-documentary '' fiction should sound better.To improve the movie , some sex scenes should be deleted -LRB- not because of graphics - no problem with those , just not essential -RRB- , more battle time at right places , and turning too long `` fictious '' documentary into a brief `` real '' documentary with real Vietnam veterans who would not screw up against each other . It should not offend some Americans and probably Vietnamese . -LRB- I think that it insults some Vietnam veterans because of Casper Van Dien is being picked up to be a leading role . -RRB-
 I rented this trash thinking it would be good . I 've seen the directors other film `` Boys of company C '' , and it was great . But this movie is done w/cheap recording , crappy acting , and a stupid ending . By far the worst vietnam movie i 've ever seen .
 A technically poor very old film . Not nearly as funny as the original Monty Python 's Circus on BBC T.V. . It was only somewhat amusing .
 The digital download for this item is much shorter than the DVD run time -LRB- a little over an hour -RRB- . This is n't mentioned anywhere during the purchase process - it appears that only one of the five shows on the DVD are included , but you wo n't know it until the download finishes .
 I had previously owned the 1998 VHS release of The Secret Policeman 's Ball , which was a re-issue of the theatrical UK film of 1980 bearing the same name . The original UK film runtime -LRB- according to sources I find on the internet -RRB- 94 minutes but the version included on this compilation is only 72 minutes . The omitted material includes two Billy Connolly bits , one of which was the song `` My Granny Was A Cripple In Nashville . '' It was for this song -LRB- and * only * for this song -RRB- that I purchased this collection and so it is with great horror that I find that it is not here.It is extremely disingenuous of the distributor not to advertise that these are not the original performances and that some material is not included . Given the advertised bonus material and rare footage I find it quite unfathomable that non-rare footage , namely part of the actual performance which has already seen wide release , was not included . I am not sufficiently familiar with the other shows to say whether they were also edited down , but I fear the worst . It is on the basis of these omissions and fears that I must give this product a very poor rating .
 I order the DVD Streets of Fire and it will not play in my DVD player , it says out of region when I put it in the DVD , so I can not watch it on the TV . I discovered that it will play on my laptop and I am disappointed , I thought I was getting a movie to play in my DVD . I am very disatified with this movie that was sent to me . I had never heard of out the region movies .
 This movie had one option.It comes in HD format only . I did n't think much of it at the time but as it turns out this is not a regular dvd and it is not a blue ray disk eithertherefore it wont play in my blueray player and it wont play in my computer either so I ca n't even watch this movie . The movie came with an insert tag that says go to -LSB- ... -RSB- to get the latest updated firmware to play but this site is not very helpful and confusing to get around in . Ca n't find the download.So be aware when buying this movie !!
 I love this movie but I do not understand what hd means . We have multiple dvd playrs from reg to blue ray and the movie does not play waste of money for the `` HD DVD '' .
 the product does not work on the three different players I tried it on ! I am sending it back ! What a disappointment !
 Having received my DVD when I attempted to view same I encountered two difficulties.Firstly the I had to reset my DVD player to a different region which I have since done.However I still can not play this DVD as when I load the disc it -LRB- the DVD disc -RRB- requests me to enter a password which I do not have/Any assistance in this matter would be greatly appreciated.It appears the DVD is formatted for the USA region which perhaps is the problem even though my player is set up for multi region.Best regardsBernard Glennon
 It 's amazing what people can like ! And so many ! This movie 's a joke , but if you thought ` The Warriors ' was cool , you 'll probably find this one great as well . Rick Moranis , who usually plays cheeseball comic roles , was perfect for this cheeseball flick - in fact , being the wimp , he was about the only one I could take seriously in this dingbat flick full of 50 's tough guys and 80 's cheese . What a shallow pointless plot ! OK , I should stop pretending this movie ever made pretences of being serious . It must be a reminiscence thing . . or maybe it 's the laugh factor . . or the jaded Dick Tracy one-liners . . or the Villiage People looking cops and bikers . . or William Dafoe . . Hey , now that I think about it , this movie really was good ! NOT !
 This purchase disappoints me as I can not play the DVD streets of fire in AUSTRALIAThis DVD was sent to me with the wrong region codeWhat a waste wont be buying againCheersRob
 Despite the bleak , futuristic sets and the presence of Willem Dafoe , this movie is totally ridiculous . The awful soundtrack came from Jim Steinman , the same genius responsible for Meat Loaf 's Bat Out of Hell . The plot and script were terrible ! The dialogue was apparently written by a 3rd grader .
 Got this but it wo n't play on any player I have -LRB- Please read info before ordering -RRB- I have seen this movie a couple of times not the best of movie 's but Diane Lane is hot in this and she 's one of my favorites .
 i 'm not able to watch it with my dvd player it ask for a region code and i dont know how to select a region on my dvd player and i dont know the region to the movie
 Very dissapointed I thought this was a dvd but it was in a format that wasnt compatible with us dvd players
 Hot rods , rock music and monster mayhem are poorly served in this low-budget schlockfest . A 1959 drive-in favorite , `` The Giant Gila Monster '' offers incongruous laughs , a few ukulele numbers and incredibly unspecial effects . When Don Sullivan croons the immortal `` Laugh , Children , Laugh , '' you 'll never forget it ! Unlike other public-domain releases , this Image DVD boasts a decent widescreen print to help recapture the drive-in experience . Produced by Ken `` Festus '' Curtis and directed by Ray Kellogg -LRB- who would later collaborate with John Wayne on `` The Green Berets '' -RRB- .
 This is one of those movies that is bad but fun to watch anyway . A couple of teenagers and then the local garage owner disappear and it turns out the culprit is a giant lizard that somehow exists for weeks with no one noticing . No explanation is ever given as to where the lizard came from or why or how no one saw something that was big enough to derail a train with its head.There is too much time spent on the main character and his problems and little spent on creating any actual tension with the lizard . The effects are what you would expect , a regular sized lizard walking aimlessly around a miniature set with weird music playing to let you know to be terrified . There are also two interludes where our hero sings . He is n't talented , even though the movie tries to tell you he is . The songs are terrible , have nothing to do with the movie and you will be praying for them to end.The way the lizard is killed in the end is ludicrous , our hero is vindicated and everyone lives happily ever after blissfully ignorant of why their lives were interrupted for a few days by a mutated gila monster .
 I can sum up this movie in one word , `` wierd '' . I first saw `` The Giant Gila Monster '' late at night as part of a local t.v. station 's Godzilla Monster Week -LRB- no , the giant lizard in this film is of no relation to the King of the Monsters -RRB- . I remember being disappointed after having stayed up late only to find that they were showing a monster movie that had absolutely nothing to do with Godzilla , but after having watched the movie I thought it was actually pretty good . Of course I was only about 5 years old at the time , and for me , 11:00 p.m. really was pretty late at night.Anyway , I just purchased a copy of this movie last week , and watched it -LRB- actually half watched - I kept falling asleep -RRB- this afternoon . I knew that it probably would n't be as good as I thought it was nearly 20 years ago , but I did n't think it would be quite as lame as it is.Granted it 's a 50 's B sci-fi flick , so you know it 's going to be extremely wild , cheesy and campy - after all , that 's what makes those movies so great . Even though this film does have its `` wild '' scenes , and it definitely is cheesy all the way through , and it is extremely campy - there 's just something that keeps this one from being one of the classics of its kind . It 's probably the fact that aside from the giant lizard 's attacks -LRB- if you want to call them attacks -RRB- , the rest of the movie is just plain boring.It starts out rather promising , with a giant reptile monster claw coming down violently upon a car with a couple teenagers inside , sending the car hurling over the side of a hill . Then the title comes up - `` The Giant Gila Monster '' - followed by the opening credits and some creepy background music . It 's all downhill from that point on , though . The rest of the film centers around a small Texas town in the late 50 's that seems to be populated by a bunch of rednecks , a semi-intelligent sheriff , a bunch of dancing teenagers , and our hero - an Elvis wannabe who lives at home with his `` slightly cooler than June Cleaver '' mom , his crippled daughter , and his `` at times '' annoying foreign girlfriend . Oh yeah , occasionally he gets to take breaks from his `` hectic '' life to play some extremely cheesy folk tunes on a toy banjo ! By the way , I happen to like `` real '' folk music , but these songs just made me want to vomit!Anyway , now on to the real star of the movie - the giant terrifying Gila Monster !! Yawn . The only thing that seems to be menacing about this overgrown lizard is his enormous size . The only way he actually brings destruction are the times when he happens to be crossing the road and cars smash in to him , or the time when he walks under a rail road bridge and ends up causing the train to wreck simply because he 's too big to fit under the bridge ! Out of the about 10 `` attacks '' the lizard makes throughout the film , only 2 were actually done on purpose ! Certainly there was little for these backward citizens to actually fear from this abnormally large reptile . One thing that certainly surprised me when watching this movie is that the fact that real life gila monsters are venomous was not even mentioned in the film . Some monster!All right , now that I 've talked your ear off about this movie , decide if you really want to watch it or not , and then wait for it to come on late night t.v. I certainly would n't want anyone else to make the mistake I did of purchasing it . I would n't even suggest renting it , there are certainly better ways of spending a couple bucks .
 Golden Turkey Awards to the following
 The term ` campy ' was probably intended to describe cheesy monster movies of the 50s like THE GIANT GILA MONSTER . Horror films preceding this decade and following it have tried to scare audiences in a serious way , usually with middling success . In the 50s however , the possibility of a nuclear holocaust convinced more than a few directors that a new and untrod direction in cinematic fear was needed . This direction was to dump some truly ridiculous monsters on the screen , usually with dancing rock and rollers , and go for the cheap laughs . Such a direction was undoubtedly facilitated by an equally cheap budget that did not allow for convincing special effects or a talented cast or gifted script writers . Director Ray Kellog is typical of his contemporaries in that he presents a menace to mankind in which the monster 's lethality is confined to a limited target population , either country bumpkin types or jitterbugging teens . The ` monster ' was either a giant reptile , as the Gila monster in this movie , or smaller and recognizable variants of known animals like the predatory shrews of THE KILLER SHREWS -LRB- also directed by Kellogg -RRB- . It is difficult to assume that Kellogg really believed that a sequence of shots with a lizard slithering around and through some toy mockups would scare anyone over the age of ten . Far more likely is the belief that he wanted to use the non-existent fear factor as a blanket by which he could raise some threads and peek at an assortment of 50s style themes and fads . It can not be a coincidence that the scourge of rock and roll , which was thought by the stiff collar crowd to be the undermining of our youth , was loudly trumpted in nearly every third scene . Don Sullivan , who plays the ukelele plunking hero , sings some truly awful songs that are meant to be a jibe at rock and roll but emerge more as an abortive aspirant to star in Hee Haw . TGGM contains the usual range of cinematic cliches from the hayseed but earnest sheriff to the goofy teens -LRB- played by actors at least ten years olders than their parts -RRB- to a monster that leaves the audience truly gasping at its inept level of non-lethality . As often was the case in this genre only the youthful protagonist could figure how to to slay the dragon . The ending reminded me of that which often closed television juvenile shows of the era -- the remaining cast gathered in a circle to hold hands and laugh , possibly to reassure us that the dragon has been banished , but more likely to indicate that they could hardly believe that anyone would pay the price of a ticket to see this one .
 Where do I start on this turkey ? The stupid story , the bad acting or the even worse singing . Yes , that 's right , singing . This is the Sci-Fi movie that does n't know if it 's a story about a giant lizard or a vehicle to promote a new singing sensation . Well , they should have stuck with the lizard , because the singer was definitely not the next Bobby Darin . I awarded 2 stars because of the movie 's saving grace
 One of the challenges of regularly viewing cheesy monster movies is knowing the difference between `` so bad , it 's good , '' and just plain bad . This movie is laughable , but is it intentionally so ? A normal-sized Gila monster crawls over miniature detailed sets , spreading death along a dry riverbed and the nearby highway . It crushes toy cars and slithers over twigs pretending to be logs . After knocking down a Lincoln-log railroad bridge , the creeping terror attacks a Lionel train . By the way , did anyone notice that the diesel engine kept changing looks , not to mention directions ? Continuity issues aside , the movie lacks credible special effects . There are no mixed shots showing live -LRB- i.e. , non-toy -RRB- backgrounds contrasting size with the alleged giant lizard . Instead , there are sporadic close-ups of a huge clawed-foot attacking the camera lens . The teenagers are the community 's early warning system that danger is afoot , but the authorities are skeptical . Do you ever remember an old monster movie where the cops believed the kids the first time ? The director loves the `` knee-up '' school of acting . Masculine legs are up on every desk , workbench , and fender in sight . Good old boys while pondering sideways skid marks can think better this way , I guess . Shug Fisher is around for laughs , but comic relief is a moot point in this movie . Before Festus , Ken Curtis tried his hand at producing . This flick and `` Attack of the Killer Shrews '' are the result . The B&W photography , the sound quality , and other production values are typically low budget . Sensible viewers beware ! ; - -RRB-
 The Giant Gila Monster , 1959 filmThere is a large area where no man ever goes in the southwest desert . We see a couple in an old coupe ; something happens and their car goes down a hill . Young people enter a malt shop -LSB- no windows ? -RSB- . What 's new ? Where 's Pat and Liz ? Nobody seems to worry about their future . They all go to a drive-in theater . The missing couple is reported to the Sheriff by Mr. Willard -LRB- the powerful figure in the area -RRB- . One mechanic offers to tune up the Sheriff 's car . The talk tells about the people and the times . We see a small farmhouse where Liz Humphrey lives . Chase works all the angles . A car is found wrecked in the ditch -LRB- a new Pontiac -RRB- . Blood but no bodies ? Chase liberates a new headlamp . A hitch0hiker gets an unpleasant surprise . A Cadillac speeds and goes into the ditch . Chase pounds out a fender to repair a dent . $ 2 for repairs . Two twenties!Teenagers search for the missing couple in a ravine . A lizard searches too . A car horn calls them back . The wrecker pulls out the missing car , no bodies found . An old man and his car have an accident ! Chase 's little sister can walk with braces ! -LSB- A reference to the polio epidemics of that era . -RSB- Another car wreck , where is the driver ? Livestock have gone missing too . -LSB- No tracks in the dirt ? -RSB- Will a bridge be damaged ? Something strange happened . Travis saw the wreck . The Sheriff reads a book on lizards . Stories about giants ? The story will be squelched , they do n't want people to panic . Teenagers dance at a party , a DJ from station KILT appears to play music . Willard complains about the two whitewall tires . Who sang that song ? What can go wrong now ? `` Do n't panic ! '' The Sheriff shoots to drive it away . -LSB- Did they need a license for nitro ? -RSB- Chase follows the trail and aims his car at the monster . Mission accomplished ! Everybody is alright . There will be a happy ending for Chase now.This must be the lowest budget film from that era . It is not a bad movie , it follows the formula . A monster arrives in town to threaten the people , but they gather and eliminate the threat . This kind of story goes back to Beowulf . These low-budget movies were fodder for the low-end drive-in theaters that provided entertainment for millions . The movie cartel did not always license their products to drive-ins , or , the costs were too high .
 As we all know , some bad movies -LRB- PLAN NINE being the example always trotted out -RRB- are so bad that they are actually fun . Their crudity , or cluelessness or sheer incompetence make them worthwhile . THE GIANT GILA MONSTER almost makes it to this status , but alas , falls short due to some indefinable quality that takes it from camp to just plain boring.Perhaps the main problem is that we just do n't see enough of the monster . In this small Texas town , the kids seem to have more interest in listenin ' to that good ole rock 'n' roll ! And the rock songs are simply wretched ... and too many . More monster ... less music !! That 's what this movie needs.The special effects , such as they are , are below average for this time period , but not far enough below -LRB- a la ATTACK OF THE 50 FOOT WOMAN -RRB- to make them a laugh riot . They 're just obvious . And I 'm sorry , but a Gila Monster is n't a terribly threatening beast . It 's not quite as silly as a KILLER SHREW , though , so again , the movie fails to reach true camp status.Students of what bad early rock 'n' roll could be , as conceived by Hollywood B-listers might get some amusement from this film ... but if you like the old '50s monster movies , this ai n't the one to hunt down .
 A couple of Paramedics get called onto a scene by a little girl to help her mother that has gone into a cardiac arrest . Only they are interrupted by a group of whacko 's who refuse to let them treat her , the whacko 's then kidnap them , and take them to there cult hide away where they meet a man who calls himself `` The Teacher '' who dribbles on about them all going to be taken to a new world on the other side of the universe because the end of the world is coming.The acting and story are pretty good , but why I rate this movie low is because of the unsatisfying ending of the whole thing . There was a lot left unexplained and why go for a realistic approach just to blow the end end of the movie with such fictional bulldust?However , least this time the films maker did n't try to con you into believing the story was true just to sell a low budget movie , least he had a budget for this one to hire an entire film crew to make a proper movie ... . it just needed a much better ending imo .
 Awful , just awful . I found myself to be incredibly bored by this movie . The pacing was horrible , the acting very wooden , and the storyline so incredibly predictable it was ridiculous . I do not understand how this could be called `` Unrated '' either , as there was hardly any blood , very little swearing , and one incredibly boring and pointless sex scene . It had a lot of potential , but fell flat on its face , I can not recommend this movie really at all . It was bad , and while not entirely unwatchable , this snorefest nearly put me to sleep . Oh , and you will be able to figure out the ending before you even see the movie , pretty sad .
 Length :
 This movie will leave you with unanswered questions . I would like to know how the woman the died came back to life . I would like to know if she re-died later in the film , and if so how ? I would like to know how no one seemed to know the cult existed . Someone had to ... how did they get members ? At the end ... there seems to have been a family change ... was it leagal ? How did that happen ? I COULD GO ON >> > It 's cool for a rental or a cheap purchase ... but it will leave you empty . And it 's not as scary as people say . And you can see the Heaven 's gate influence ... to even some of the images of the leader are similar to Applewhite .
 A VERY Strange & Predictable Film , that even a strong cast could not save . Instead of buying this go out and buy `` Murder One '' where you can see Daniel Benzali really strut his stuff in a believeable way .
 Do not rent , buy , or even see this movie at a buddy ` s house . I wo n`t get into the specifics -LRB- Well said in the other customer reviews -RRB- except to say if you want to see a good , if not great Walter Hill boxing movie , then rent `` Hard Times '' . It starred Charles Bronson , and James Coburn about a streetfighter during the great depression of the ` 30s . Although I really like Snipes , and Rhames I have to say that Bronson and Coburn had a lot better chemistry .
 It 's hard to get excited about a film where one of the lead characters spends most of the movie in solitary confinement making Japanese huts from toothpicks , but that 's what you are in for when you see UNDISPUTED . This could be one of the longest `` short '' movies ever . Featuring a runtime around the ninety minute area , this feels more like a half hour TV show stretched into a feature film . There 's not even a clear identification into just how bad the bad guy is and just how good the good guy is . I did n't know who I was routing for until the movie was almost over . The film does feature a bit of comic relief from time to time , but if you are looking for a dramtic film centering around boxing , you 'll find that this film is neither . I took an exit poll after the screening was over , and to my amazement , there seems to be a considerable difference in tastes among the races . Almost ever single caucasion disliked the film , while almost all of the African Americans loved it . I have never seen a racial split quite so much regarding a film , but that was definitely the case at the screening that I attended . So , just because the film did n't meet my tastes , does n't mean that it wo n't meet yours !
 This is got to be the lamest movie I have seen in a while . During the entire viewing , you already know the two main characters are going to fight . But the movie tries to place some diversions to make you think `` oh no , the warden is mad , now the fight is n't going to take place . '' Give me a break . Not to mention during the character definitions , you already know who is going to win the fight before the movie is even into the first 20 minutes . If you still feel to so compelled to watch it , I would recommend skipping the whole story -LRB- because there really is no story -RRB- and go straight to the fight . At least you can recover an hour of wasted life .
 When I first saw the previews for this movie I have to admit I was pretty excited . It looked like a potential action blockbuster with two pretty decent actors in Wesley and Ving playing opposite each other . I really , really wanted to like it.Guess I ca n't get everything I want.Ving is the World Champion boxer imprisoned for raping a woman . In the prison we find that there is an underground boxing world run by the guards and an old mobster . The champion in this world is Wesley . Naturally the movie builds to the final conflict between the two.The movie was , at best , bad . I kept watching hoping to see something emerge from this mess and it did n't . The plot , or what little there was , was pure cliche and a bad one at that . Neither actor really invested anything in the characters , both of which were also pure cliche . Ving 's was arrogant and over the top . Wesley 's was a Zen warrior.Don ' t waste your time with this one . If you want to see a `` bad '' boxing movie then Play it to the Bone with Antonio and Woody is much more entertaining .
 Let me begin by saying that I did n't buy this DVD but watched it on Cable . I 'm writing this review to deter folks from buying the DVD . It was a waste of time completely . Had I gone to see this film in theatres I would 've been disappointed immensely . The plot was so dumb . If Columbo could get Ving Rhames out of prison , why could n't he get Wesley out , better yet why could n't he get himself out ??? How dumb is that ? This should have been a tv movie at best , never hit the big screen . Rhames and Snipes are two decent actors , too bad they were n't allowed to show any acting abilities from this poorly written script .
 Wesley Snipes stars as the boxing champ of Sweetwater Prison whose title and manhood are put at jeopardy when the true heavyweight champion -LRB- played by Ving Rhames -RRB- lands in the cellblock for the rape of a showgirl -LRB- Rose Rollins -RRB- . I enjoyed UNDISPUTED for the first thirty minutes or so but after that I became lost . I was looking for deeper character development than I ever got . We get to know Ving Rhames character the most -LRB- mainly because he 's a replica of Mike Tyson -RRB- and he 's the antagonist . We get introduced to several supporting characters -LRB- Wes Studi , Fisher Stevens , Peter Falk , Michael Rooker , Jon Seda -RRB- here and there for whatever reason . However , they 're all a prison clich&eacute;.The character we never get to know , oddly , is the hero , played by Wesley Snipes . We can only assume that Snipes is the hero because of his sensitive hobby of making houses out of toothpicks . Other than that , Snipes has only about twenty lines . It 's weird . Rhames even though billed second has far more screen time than Snipes.I ca n't help but feel that this film lost it in the editing room . Somehow this movie feels like half a movie . Like important parts have been chopped away . I just ca n't imagine writers Walter Hill and David Giler -LRB- ALIEN -RRB- , or any writers for that matter , writing a script with such a non-dimensional lead character.While action film veteran Walter Hill -LRB- 48 HOURS ; LAST MAN STANDING -RRB- has learned some stylish new tricks to filmmaking , they 're not enough to save his latest effort . All in all , two incarcerated boxers go head to head , but it 's the movie that gets K.O. 'd . D + -LRB- the plus is for Ving Rhames -RRB-
 Oh my . A movie about boxing , set in a `` maximum security , level five prison '' - and still it manages to be about as exciting as another Anna Nicole Smith story.First , the highlight
 Undisputed -LRB- Walter Hill , 2002 -RRB- Walter Hill , perhaps more than any other person working in Hollywood today , defines the term `` inconsistent . '' His films range from the sublime -LRB- The Warriors , Southern Comfort , Trespass -RRB- to the ridiculous -LRB- 48 Hrs. , Johnny Handsome , Supernova -RRB- , and you will find many in each camp claiming each of his movies . This is usually a good thing . And it is in Hill 's case , most of the time.It 's likely that the same fate will befall Undisputed , Hill 's newest film . It is . however , the first of Hill 's films to which I would ascribe the term `` mediocre . '' There is neither the sublime nor the ridiculous about this film , though it approaches both in spots . The story revolves around two boxers , Monroe Hutchens -LRB- Wesley Snipes -RRB- , sent to prison for life ten years before the action takes place for murder , and George `` Iceman '' Chambers -LRB- Ving Rhames -RRB- , sent down for five to eight on a rape charge to which he claims innocence throughout the film . -LRB- Clips of the alleged victim surface throughout the film ; to his credit , Hill never offers his own opinion one way or the other on Chambers ' guilt . The real-life parallel to this particular piece of the plot should be obvious . -RRB- Hutchens was a rising star before getting sent to prison , and while in the joint has fought sixty-eight times , losing none . Chambers is the reigning heavyweight champion . Needless to say , someone gets the bright idea that these two need to get into the ring , and fast.Most of the film is about the hype , the politics , etc. , leading up to the fight . It 's shot in documentary fashion -LRB- the whole thing put me in mind of ESPN 's series The Season -RRB- , which gives it an air of seriousness it would otherwise lack . I 'm sure , putting all this together , you can see the great potential therein . Add in the conflicting personalities of the two fighters and various politics on both sides of the bars , and you 've got the makings for a powerful movie.It never comes together . There are so many deep waters into which the film could have plunged , and yet it skims the surface consistently . This is a movie about boxing , and nothing but boxing . I found myself comparing it to Girlfight at least once every two or three minutes , and at every time , Undisputed was the loser . -LRB- Especially in the cinematography during the actual match . -RRB- The main difference , and it seems so small when stated like this , is that Girlfight was about Michelle Rodriguez ' character ; Undisputed is about the boxing match itself , and the characters are there only to propel it.Walter Hill 's movies , be they great or terrible , are almost always satisfying on some level . This one , while not the worst movie of the year , does not . **
 Let me tell yall why , because of the previews and the way the movie was described of the case I was expecting this movie to be loaded with boxing . This movie was kind of weak . I did enjoy the fight towards the movie . Lets get to the story it 's about a ten year undefeated champ who is in prison for being conviceted of murder -LRB- SNIPES -RRB- and a boxer in for a rape charge -LRB- RHAMES -RRB- . It 's a good thing I only rented this . This just should teach to rent before you buy a movie if you have not seen it in a theater or just watch the movie on TV . Im not saying do n't see the movie if you want to than do so . Just rent it before you buy it . I 'm Out . PEACE !
 What a bunch of nonsense , this is nothing new to the movie scene , lets call it the bad version of `` rocky '' . The boxing sequences are very unrealistic , the character develepment was weak . good job walter hill , worst movie to date
 I love sailing and am fascinated by long-distance sailing and I think that sailing races have spun some of the most coveted sailor 's yarn out there , like the Sunday Times Golden Globe Race and , of course , the TransPac . The concept of the Morning Light `` documentary '' , thus , sounded intriguing to me - put together a crew of kids in their early twenties , give them a powerhouse of a boat and let them compete in this classic open water race against all the old sea salts.Of course , the fact that this is a Disney movie waters down the expectations of `` documentary '' elements , and , true to Disney 's reputation , the worst you will see -LRB- or much rather
 I came to this hoping to gain some insight and knowledge about the Transpac , about what exactly is required to be competitive , and how people go about mounting a successful campaign . But oh sure
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** I like to compare ` It Happens Every Spring ' with ` Angels in the Outfield ' as they were filmed within two years of each other -LRB- 1949 and 1951 -RRB- , are both about baseball and feature Paul Douglas in key roles . ` Spring ' is a vastly superior film in almost every way . The protagonist , Vernon K. Simpson , played by Ray Milland , is a chemistry professor who , as a result of an accident , gains access to a wood repellent formula which he uses to become a star pitcher . It 's a great fish out of water story where the introverted professor is thrust into the gruff baseball world , and must prove his mettle amongst street smart ballplayers . Douglas plays ally Monk Lanigan , a catcher who looks after Vernon , but is constantly at odds with him since the star pitcher is determined to keep his identity a secret so that his girlfriend and her father -LRB- the dean of the school -RRB- , do n't find out what he is up to.In contrast , Douglas ' role in ` Angels ' is virtually a passive one . Here he 's ` Guffy ' McGovern , manager of the last place Pittsburgh Pirates , who has a chip on his shoulder . Throughout the first third of the movie , he 's as mean as the film 's antagonist , sports announcer Fred Bayles -LRB- Keenan Wynn -RRB- who 's bitter after being canned as the Pirates ' radio announcer at the behest of Guffy . Nothing is endearing or interesting about the Guffy character and one wonders why any club owner would keep such a surly person in charge of a baseball team -LRB- he 's constantly berating his players after each game due to their poor play -RRB- . Why is he so mean-spirited ? The answer is simplistic
 This great baseball movie was supposed to be released on January 30th , however , after I ordered the movie -LRB- two weeks before and being a member of Amazon Prime -RRB- , I was informed the movie would not be available for another four to six weeks . Then after speaking to one of Amazon 's friendly salespersons -LRB- a great new service -RRB- , I was told the movie is not available at all . So I would advise anyone trying to order this movie to wait , and see if it 's going to be sold at all . Too bad . Much better than the remake .
 this film was pulled for distrubtion , per amazon
 Good story line , but there are many other similar movies out there that do a much better job . This movie has just about the worst acting I 've ever seen . Ever . Do yourself a favor and skip this one ~ save your money and time .
 This is the results of a good script , bad director and only one or two good actors . The only good acting done in this film were by the actors portraying crazy . The two leads , well she did well he needs a lot more lessons and some good critique before he 's allowed to do anything in front of a camera again.And why was the director useing such childish and out of date camera methods ? Is he a throwback to the seventies ?! I want my money and 2 hours of my life back .
 This was one of the worst movies I 've seen in years . A tired story , horrible acting and a lead character who looked like he had brain damage through most of the film . Some decent acting or a decent story could have saved it , this had neither . A few tweaks and this could have been a Mad Max spoof though.I know this was a low budget B-movie , but this just set the bar too low for the rest of them .
 In this disjointed indie-mumbler there are two avenging angels instead of the one featured in Martin Scorsese 's masterpiece . Disturbed Vietnam War Vet Travis Bickle who wants to join the CIA is replaced in the 21st Century by Nate , a mentally unstable Iraq war veteran who 's also thinking about joining the CIA . Nate 's tag team partner is Amanda `` Emily '' Fuller , instead of Jodie `` Iris '' Foster , both sexual libertine sisters with hearts of gold -LRB- sorta -RRB- . -LRB- With her apparent lack of acting talents , I ca n't help but wonder if Amanda is Deloris Fuller 's , the star of Ed Wood Junior 's ` Glen Or Glenda ' , long lost cousin ? -RRB- The film , set in Austin , Texas , starts off slowly ; becoming less sexy and more violent as the film unspools.As we reach the last frames , of the last reel , we find poor ol' Nate -LRB- still not a CIA operative -RRB- mumbling into a small Boy Scout campfire -- somewhere out in wilds of the hard-bitten Sonoran Desert . What was our anti-hero doing out there , when he originally said he was going to take a nice blood bath in Texas and then go visit his sister in Florida ? I guess we 'll have wait for the exciting sequel to find out ...
 This starts out as a cool little movie well acted well scripted with something eccentric on the periferies.I say its dangerous because it turns ethical behaviour on its head and sets it on a tight-rope . If its good if its bad . Does it allow for neither if people are more complex than they appear . ? Seeing as there are a whole load of people without a lot of intellectual equipment out there its the kind of film that would set them on the slippery slope of ethical unhingement . ? Luckily this is an unusual film and its dangerous slippery subtlety is a one-off . Its up there as a five star film but two stars for condoning animal abuse in Nate and for an irresponsible take on wether its right for the abused to turn abuser with Erica This lack of ethics seems exploitive on part of the film makersPeople seem cool and ikeable and like themselves . Hell we like em too . Terrifying what they do n't see about themselves and before sayiing its justified revenge at the end do n't forget he missed the inside story on venereal disease .
 The greater concern with movies of this type are first , with the production studio and it 's crew and what they stand for and second , with an audience that can rationalize their sadistic personalities through the usual abstract selective analysis of a film 's supposed intricate qualities - acting , twists to the plot ; psychological and sociological dissonance ; emotional catharsis ; story development , and so on.FF summary
 I wanted to like this movie , I really did . After thinking about it for a while though , I 've come to the conclusion that this is a highly unlikeable movie ... by design . Some people will be able to appreciate it on it 's own terms , however these people are probably in the minority in my humble opinion.I generally really enjoy films that are on the darker end , thematically . So after reading the synopsis and some glowing reviews , I was very excited to see this one . I sat down to watch it ... and I felt like I was waiting for something deep and interesting to develop , but it never did.Here are the two things that doomed this film for me from the start : - An extremely unlikeable cast of main characters.-Vague storytelling that fails to entice or invoke a sense of mystery like it 's trying to.With the above aspects in mind ... everything else just failed to ` click ' for me . I found that I did n't care at all what happened to these people , so when moments arised that were supposed to be thrilling and tense , they fell a little flat.I do n't doubt that a few people will find redeeming qualities here ... I simply did not . Certainly not a horrible movie , I was just expecting so much more .2.25 / 5 .
 This is one of the worst movies , Ive ever seen and blew my money on . The costume is retarded and acting sucks . I mean damn , did n't they see the Roger Patterson film . The big-foot in this film looks like a cross between a gorilla/vampire with bad acne.I 'm warning you , it 's not worth your time and money .
 If you happen to like `` magic '' that insults your intelligence , then this is for you . It 's sensationalist claptrap for the most of it , relying on a variety of misdirecting dialogue and behavior rather than anything truly skillful in the way of `` magic '' . For instance , there was the tesla coil episode . Sheesh . First they show you previews of an ambulance , and Chris being carted away on a gurney . That gets you thinking that something will happen . It `` sets the stage '' visually and mentally and makes it easier for the observer to believe the load of bull he 's going to try to hand you next.Then he dons a mesh protective suit and then lets the Tesla operator ramp up the coil enough for a nice big spark-over in excess of about 3 or 4 feet long . He takes the bolts easily in the suit because that 's what the suit does
 As the seasons wear on Criss is relying more on stuff that can only be done on TV with lots of presetup , lots of fake audiences , lots of camera angles and even CGI . Too much audience interview and less substance as well . A real Shame . Fun to watch but keep in mind it 's just TV . They could 've hired any actor to do most of the stuff being done . Notice that there is no disclaimer about camera angles , etc. . Be interesting to see season 3 ; Maybe by then it will all be CGI and he can just phone it in .
 More poseur than performer , a bit lame . My advice is look up Derren Brown , if you really want the real thing .
 Criss Angel uses camera trickery . 75 % of the stuff he does can not be done in front of anyone but stooges -LRB- people he has placed into the crowd to go along with the trick -RRB- . `` His '' coin-into-can trick is n't even his , it was created by someone named Wayne Houchin -LRB- which has much better illusions than Criss Angel , mind you -RRB- .
 on wednesday 8/2/06 at 10:22 angles last trick was fliping sweethe was put in a wooden box handcufed and went through a woodchiper there was blood and chunks of bones it was disapointing but when you thought hes gone he jumps out the back of the truck every body was cheeringhow do you do it good job chris ! = -RRB-
 I know I am not the only person who finds this magician an overblown windbag . Have a little humility . The christ-like persona is sickening because he is , simply , a con-artist . I suspect if this magic thing dose ` nt work out he can try 3 card monty .
 Although his magic was quite good , it looked as if some parts had been edited . He also seems quite cocky and full of himself . No david blaine !
 Okay , so Criss Angel has style ... but only if you 're 13 years old and think that torn jeans , nail polish , and wearing your hat backwards is so cool . But as a magician , he has no substance . The lack of any disclaimers about trick photography , phony camera angles , bogus audiences , and prefabricated set-ups is a dead giveaway . He is a great TV magician ... the important word being TV . Anyone who thinks that Criss Angel is a true magician probably also believes that an aquarium is the same as the ocean . If you 're interested in the real thing , I have one word of advice for you ... SLYDINI !
 Lets just say that watching this guy perform is worse than a train wreck because of the adolescent TV tricks . Its not amazing , thrilling or remotely interesting . I give it -40 stars , but amazon says I ca n't
 Many magicians know that Angel is a fake . Originally , he wanted to have his band get a record deal , so his parents financed his hobby . In fact , they took out a mortgage to buy him illusions after he saw Arioch -LRB- The FIRST Hard Rock Illusionist -RRB- on MTV with Skid Row and Motley Crue . He used to tell club owners in New York that he was just using magic as a gimmick to get his band signed . Apparently , his mommy will give her boy as much money as he wants to buy toys , and he steals from magicians who actually work for what they have . after David Blaine made it big , Angel claimed to be the greatest street magician . Lance Burton used a robot illusion , a few months later , Angel had one . Simon Drake used assistants in cool outfits , Angel copied that . Anyone can buy TV time and illusions , but they will never be able to buy talent . If Angel did n't have so many paid stooges and rich parents , he would still be trying to get his band signed . Hopefully he will get signed , and leave magic to the magicians . FORBES magazine wrote that he screwed up an escape and had to scream for his crew to let him out . How lame can you get ? Copperfield , Blaine , Burton , Arioch , and others have no competition with this clown .
 This show lacks creativity and anything entertaining . If your looking for something spectacular and witty stay away from this DVD !!!
 Despite what Criss Angel and his management/publicity team claim , this show is filled with audience stooges and camera tricks . Do n't waste your money buying this DVD . There are plenty of magicians using talent and skill to achieve their effects , and if you 're interested in magic , check out some of those guys -LRB- Penn and Teller , Lance Burton -RRB- .
 I bought this brand new and sealed but three of the discs are clearly sub-standard with scratches and fingerprints ; how can that happen ? The result is that 5-6 shows are unwatchable .
 The second season was put togeather in a rush . No payng attention to detail . Material was good once you got past how they messed up the DVD 's . One detail that was messed up is most episodes you could not hear what was being said as he drew his gone before the story line started.One detail that was messed up is the DVD 's defaulted to spanish and thier was no easy way change it to english , so I ended up in this big loop every time I started the DVD .
 `` My Sumner of Love '' was utterly predictable , and at times banal . Set in Northern England in a remote working class village , two teenage girls meet and their lives become intertwined.Mona , the girl from the village , is angry that her brother has become a born-again Christian and turned their pub into a religious meeting place . There is nothing fulfilling in her life except her ability to draw . She spends her days roaming the countryside on a motorless bike . She meets Tamsin on such an excursion and the two become instantly inseparable . Tamsin , is not from the village per se , but lives in the feudal mansion nearby and is from a wealthy family . She tells Mona that she is home because she has been suspended from school.The two spend all their time together often getting drunk , high or generally causing trouble . Eventually their liaison becomes sexual , confusing lust with love . Mona is dazzled by the worldly Tamsin , who showers gifts and clothes on her . Mona 's horizon is the village and is very limited . Tamsin has a broad understanding of life in the real world , outside the village and uses this to entice , entrance and toy with her.How the relationship evolves and ultimately ends can be guessed from the first scenes . While it is not boring exactly , it leaves the viewer feeling empty . There is nothing memorable about this movie . By contrast , the film , `` Beautiful Creatures '' , emerges along the same themes , but is one of the most moving and unforgettable stories of this genre .
 For those of you who like Imagine Meand You do not rent this it doesnt compare
 Late at night I began to watch this and at first thought it was a cute little movie about two girls who liked each other . Boy , was I wrong . The end was sickening and very dysfunctional . It made the rest of the movie feel like a joke and lie . The plot twist may appeal to some people but I thought it was horrible . At the end I felt disappointed that I 'd stayed up until 2:30 am to watch it . If you like liars and faked suicide and attempted murder this movie is for you.Come on young lesbians , do n't watch this crap just because you want movies about people like you . Besides , I hope nobody is like these girls in real life .
 Words ca n't express how disappointed I was by this film . The title should have been called My Summer of Lies . Love ?! Do n't start me -- if everyone had such dysfunctional trysts the jails would be full . Maybe I am expecting too much from a lesbian film to hope that it would n't end as it did
 I so wish I could say something good about this movie , but I can not . I 'm middle-aged and do not need a lot of excitement in a film , but this one truly bored me to tears . I 've read the other positive reviews and wonder if we lesbians are just so craving something that we can relate to , that we 'll accept anything that comes along . If this is the case , then there are many other lesbian movies much more worth one 's time . Put this at the bottom of the list .
 I could never in my right mind give My Summer of Love five stars . At the same time , I can see why people would enjoy it . While it is n't entirely originial , it still has some aspects to it which actually kept me watching . I was ready to turn off the television at some points during the movie to the lack of quality acting . The characters personalities in general were over the top and quite annoying . I felt frustrated throughout the film and wondered why I had paid so much for a movie like it.Reasons why you WOULD want to buy this movie : * If you have watched EVERY OTHER lesbian movie ever created and just want to be able to say that you own them all . Even if you know that you will watch it once , and want to throw it away.Reasons why you WOULDNT want to buy this movie : * Bad acting * Poor filming * Lack of excitment * Boring and unoriginal plot * Annoying characters * Terrible ending * It ... Is n't `` exactly '' a love storyMy Summer of Love is not worth 20 + dollars . If you REALLY want to see it after reading these reviews , just go rent it . Save the money .
 I give it two stars for holding my attention to the end . But after the ending , I just felt let down by the movie
 I MEAN THIS HOLE LESBIAN THING IS OVER RATED ! OVER RATED BECAUSE NOT UNTIL YOU EXPERIENCE IT YOU CAN RELATE ! NOT UNTIL YOU ENDURE THE PAIN AND BLISS YOU CAN RELATE AND THIS MOVIE JUST DID N'T CAPTURE THAT WHOLE LOVE RELATIONSHIP-TYPICAL LONELY RICH GIRL AND POOR CLINGY GIRL-RICH GIRL TAKES ADVANTAGE OF CLINGY GIRL-WHO IS LONGING TO LOVE KINDA REMINDS ME OF LOST AND DELIRIOUS ! FILM WAS LONG BORING AND THE TWIST AT THE END WAS SO BLAH ! I PERSONALLY WANTED A DIFFERENT PLOT-SAVING FACE IS MUCH BETTER !
 I have not received this yet and it 's been over a month !! I wo n't order again if it takes over a month and I still do n't have the DVD
 ON THE WHOLE CARPOOL IS A DECENT ENTERTAINER . THE FILM IS N'T HALIROUS BUT IT IS FUNNY . THE FILM IS N'T BORING AT ALL . A ONE TIME WATCHER.TOM ARONLOD IS GOOD , YET AGAIN.DAVID PAYMER IS EXCELENT . HE STEALS THE SHOW .
 We thoroughly enjoyed the first part of this movie and had a lot of laughs . Tom Arnold makes a convincing `` good '' bad guy , and the kids help the plot along with the grumpy dad . The movie loses steam when the car chase ends and they end up in Tom Arnold 's carnival , and then to the dad 's executive meeting . To be honest , I gave up on the movie at that point and let the boys play the X-box , as my interest was completely lost .
 I thought the movie was funny , enjoyable & well-made . The performances were good especially Tom Arnold & Rhea Pearlman . The problem I had was with the moral problems of the script . Especially the point in the mall , here the father & children are free from being hostages -LRB- albeit from a harmless Arnold -RRB- . At that point , they actually help in the escape of Arnold who , however sympathetic , has comitted a criminal act . So they are then guilty of aiding & abetting a criminal . I know that this did n't bother anyone else reviewing this , nor am I a moralist . But it seemed quite wrong , especially in a family film . The ending somewhat abets this by having Arnold give back the money & perform community service . But I do n't see how in a film you can encourage aiding & abetting a criminal . Liking him , being sympathetic & compassionate to him , forgiving him , yes . Helping him crossed a line that should n't have been crossed .
 Golden Turkey Awards to the following
 The term ` campy ' was probably intended to describe cheesy monster movies of the 50s like THE GIANT GILA MONSTER . Horror films preceding this decade and following it have tried to scare audiences in a serious way , usually with middling success . In the 50s however , the possibility of a nuclear holocaust convinced more than a few directors that a new and untrod direction in cinematic fear was needed . This direction was to dump some truly ridiculous monsters on the screen , usually with dancing rock and rollers , and go for the cheap laughs . Such a direction was undoubtedly facilitated by an equally cheap budget that did not allow for convincing special effects or a talented cast or gifted script writers . Director Ray Kellog is typical of his contemporaries in that he presents a menace to mankind in which the monster 's lethality is confined to a limited target population , either country bumpkin types or jitterbugging teens . The ` monster ' was either a giant reptile , as the Gila monster in this movie , or smaller and recognizable variants of known animals like the predatory shrews of THE KILLER SHREWS -LRB- also directed by Kellogg -RRB- . It is difficult to assume that Kellogg really believed that a sequence of shots with a lizard slithering around and through some toy mockups would scare anyone over the age of ten . Far more likely is the belief that he wanted to use the non-existent fear factor as a blanket by which he could raise some threads and peek at an assortment of 50s style themes and fads . It can not be a coincidence that the scourge of rock and roll , which was thought by the stiff collar crowd to be the undermining of our youth , was loudly trumpted in nearly every third scene . Don Sullivan , who plays the ukelele plunking hero , sings some truly awful songs that are meant to be a jibe at rock and roll but emerge more as an abortive aspirant to star in Hee Haw . TGGM contains the usual range of cinematic cliches from the hayseed but earnest sheriff to the goofy teens -LRB- played by actors at least ten years olders than their parts -RRB- to a monster that leaves the audience truly gasping at its inept level of non-lethality . As often was the case in this genre only the youthful protagonist could figure how to to slay the dragon . The ending reminded me of that which often closed television juvenile shows of the era -- the remaining cast gathered in a circle to hold hands and laugh , possibly to reassure us that the dragon has been banished , but more likely to indicate that they could hardly believe that anyone would pay the price of a ticket to see this one .
 I can sum up this movie in one word , `` wierd '' . I first saw `` The Giant Gila Monster '' late at night as part of a local t.v. station 's Godzilla Monster Week -LRB- no , the giant lizard in this film is of no relation to the King of the Monsters -RRB- . I remember being disappointed after having stayed up late only to find that they were showing a monster movie that had absolutely nothing to do with Godzilla , but after having watched the movie I thought it was actually pretty good . Of course I was only about 5 years old at the time , and for me , 11:00 p.m. really was pretty late at night.Anyway , I just purchased a copy of this movie last week , and watched it -LRB- actually half watched - I kept falling asleep -RRB- this afternoon . I knew that it probably would n't be as good as I thought it was nearly 20 years ago , but I did n't think it would be quite as lame as it is.Granted it 's a 50 's B sci-fi flick , so you know it 's going to be extremely wild , cheesy and campy - after all , that 's what makes those movies so great . Even though this film does have its `` wild '' scenes , and it definitely is cheesy all the way through , and it is extremely campy - there 's just something that keeps this one from being one of the classics of its kind . It 's probably the fact that aside from the giant lizard 's attacks -LRB- if you want to call them attacks -RRB- , the rest of the movie is just plain boring.It starts out rather promising , with a giant reptile monster claw coming down violently upon a car with a couple teenagers inside , sending the car hurling over the side of a hill . Then the title comes up - `` The Giant Gila Monster '' - followed by the opening credits and some creepy background music . It 's all downhill from that point on , though . The rest of the film centers around a small Texas town in the late 50 's that seems to be populated by a bunch of rednecks , a semi-intelligent sheriff , a bunch of dancing teenagers , and our hero - an Elvis wannabe who lives at home with his `` slightly cooler than June Cleaver '' mom , his crippled daughter , and his `` at times '' annoying foreign girlfriend . Oh yeah , occasionally he gets to take breaks from his `` hectic '' life to play some extremely cheesy folk tunes on a toy banjo ! By the way , I happen to like `` real '' folk music , but these songs just made me want to vomit!Anyway , now on to the real star of the movie - the giant terrifying Gila Monster !! Yawn . The only thing that seems to be menacing about this overgrown lizard is his enormous size . The only way he actually brings destruction are the times when he happens to be crossing the road and cars smash in to him , or the time when he walks under a rail road bridge and ends up causing the train to wreck simply because he 's too big to fit under the bridge ! Out of the about 10 `` attacks '' the lizard makes throughout the film , only 2 were actually done on purpose ! Certainly there was little for these backward citizens to actually fear from this abnormally large reptile . One thing that certainly surprised me when watching this movie is that the fact that real life gila monsters are venomous was not even mentioned in the film . Some monster!All right , now that I 've talked your ear off about this movie , decide if you really want to watch it or not , and then wait for it to come on late night t.v. I certainly would n't want anyone else to make the mistake I did of purchasing it . I would n't even suggest renting it , there are certainly better ways of spending a couple bucks .
 Where do I start on this turkey ? The stupid story , the bad acting or the even worse singing . Yes , that 's right , singing . This is the Sci-Fi movie that does n't know if it 's a story about a giant lizard or a vehicle to promote a new singing sensation . Well , they should have stuck with the lizard , because the singer was definitely not the next Bobby Darin . I awarded 2 stars because of the movie 's saving grace
 One of the challenges of regularly viewing cheesy monster movies is knowing the difference between `` so bad , it 's good , '' and just plain bad . This movie is laughable , but is it intentionally so ? A normal-sized Gila monster crawls over miniature detailed sets , spreading death along a dry riverbed and the nearby highway . It crushes toy cars and slithers over twigs pretending to be logs . After knocking down a Lincoln-log railroad bridge , the creeping terror attacks a Lionel train . By the way , did anyone notice that the diesel engine kept changing looks , not to mention directions ? Continuity issues aside , the movie lacks credible special effects . There are no mixed shots showing live -LRB- i.e. , non-toy -RRB- backgrounds contrasting size with the alleged giant lizard . Instead , there are sporadic close-ups of a huge clawed-foot attacking the camera lens . The teenagers are the community 's early warning system that danger is afoot , but the authorities are skeptical . Do you ever remember an old monster movie where the cops believed the kids the first time ? The director loves the `` knee-up '' school of acting . Masculine legs are up on every desk , workbench , and fender in sight . Good old boys while pondering sideways skid marks can think better this way , I guess . Shug Fisher is around for laughs , but comic relief is a moot point in this movie . Before Festus , Ken Curtis tried his hand at producing . This flick and `` Attack of the Killer Shrews '' are the result . The B&W photography , the sound quality , and other production values are typically low budget . Sensible viewers beware ! ; - -RRB-
 The Giant Gila Monster , 1959 filmThere is a large area where no man ever goes in the southwest desert . We see a couple in an old coupe ; something happens and their car goes down a hill . Young people enter a malt shop -LSB- no windows ? -RSB- . What 's new ? Where 's Pat and Liz ? Nobody seems to worry about their future . They all go to a drive-in theater . The missing couple is reported to the Sheriff by Mr. Willard -LRB- the powerful figure in the area -RRB- . One mechanic offers to tune up the Sheriff 's car . The talk tells about the people and the times . We see a small farmhouse where Liz Humphrey lives . Chase works all the angles . A car is found wrecked in the ditch -LRB- a new Pontiac -RRB- . Blood but no bodies ? Chase liberates a new headlamp . A hitch0hiker gets an unpleasant surprise . A Cadillac speeds and goes into the ditch . Chase pounds out a fender to repair a dent . $ 2 for repairs . Two twenties!Teenagers search for the missing couple in a ravine . A lizard searches too . A car horn calls them back . The wrecker pulls out the missing car , no bodies found . An old man and his car have an accident ! Chase 's little sister can walk with braces ! -LSB- A reference to the polio epidemics of that era . -RSB- Another car wreck , where is the driver ? Livestock have gone missing too . -LSB- No tracks in the dirt ? -RSB- Will a bridge be damaged ? Something strange happened . Travis saw the wreck . The Sheriff reads a book on lizards . Stories about giants ? The story will be squelched , they do n't want people to panic . Teenagers dance at a party , a DJ from station KILT appears to play music . Willard complains about the two whitewall tires . Who sang that song ? What can go wrong now ? `` Do n't panic ! '' The Sheriff shoots to drive it away . -LSB- Did they need a license for nitro ? -RSB- Chase follows the trail and aims his car at the monster . Mission accomplished ! Everybody is alright . There will be a happy ending for Chase now.This must be the lowest budget film from that era . It is not a bad movie , it follows the formula . A monster arrives in town to threaten the people , but they gather and eliminate the threat . This kind of story goes back to Beowulf . These low-budget movies were fodder for the low-end drive-in theaters that provided entertainment for millions . The movie cartel did not always license their products to drive-ins , or , the costs were too high .
 As we all know , some bad movies -LRB- PLAN NINE being the example always trotted out -RRB- are so bad that they are actually fun . Their crudity , or cluelessness or sheer incompetence make them worthwhile . THE GIANT GILA MONSTER almost makes it to this status , but alas , falls short due to some indefinable quality that takes it from camp to just plain boring.Perhaps the main problem is that we just do n't see enough of the monster . In this small Texas town , the kids seem to have more interest in listenin ' to that good ole rock 'n' roll ! And the rock songs are simply wretched ... and too many . More monster ... less music !! That 's what this movie needs.The special effects , such as they are , are below average for this time period , but not far enough below -LRB- a la ATTACK OF THE 50 FOOT WOMAN -RRB- to make them a laugh riot . They 're just obvious . And I 'm sorry , but a Gila Monster is n't a terribly threatening beast . It 's not quite as silly as a KILLER SHREW , though , so again , the movie fails to reach true camp status.Students of what bad early rock 'n' roll could be , as conceived by Hollywood B-listers might get some amusement from this film ... but if you like the old '50s monster movies , this ai n't the one to hunt down .
 Hot rods , rock music and monster mayhem are poorly served in this low-budget schlockfest . A 1959 drive-in favorite , `` The Giant Gila Monster '' offers incongruous laughs , a few ukulele numbers and incredibly unspecial effects . When Don Sullivan croons the immortal `` Laugh , Children , Laugh , '' you 'll never forget it ! Unlike other public-domain releases , this Image DVD boasts a decent widescreen print to help recapture the drive-in experience . Produced by Ken `` Festus '' Curtis and directed by Ray Kellogg -LRB- who would later collaborate with John Wayne on `` The Green Berets '' -RRB- .
 This is one of those movies that is bad but fun to watch anyway . A couple of teenagers and then the local garage owner disappear and it turns out the culprit is a giant lizard that somehow exists for weeks with no one noticing . No explanation is ever given as to where the lizard came from or why or how no one saw something that was big enough to derail a train with its head.There is too much time spent on the main character and his problems and little spent on creating any actual tension with the lizard . The effects are what you would expect , a regular sized lizard walking aimlessly around a miniature set with weird music playing to let you know to be terrified . There are also two interludes where our hero sings . He is n't talented , even though the movie tries to tell you he is . The songs are terrible , have nothing to do with the movie and you will be praying for them to end.The way the lizard is killed in the end is ludicrous , our hero is vindicated and everyone lives happily ever after blissfully ignorant of why their lives were interrupted for a few days by a mutated gila monster .
 just.plain.boring , not what i was expecting . Kaidan was more of a tale of obsession , then any kind of horror or haunting . It was painful to sit through . It was visually beautiful , however , if one is looking for a horror movie , please search FAR from here .
 In the orient , the purpose of ghost story telling is to remind those that are living to abide by their conscience and morals . I have n't seen the original movie that were made in the fifties . In this remake , there were just far too many people that got killed at the end that had nothing to do with the protagonist or the curse -LRB- like in Jun-On and the Ring saga -RRB- , thus making the plot rather unconvincing ! Watch the Japanese horror classics such as Kwaidan , Tales of Ugetsu , and Portrait of Hell , and you shall know what I mean .
 Surprisingly , this is a FILM MOVEMENT production which is an organization that brings quality films with good storylines , good directing , and good acting . This movie was terrible . Do yourself a favor and watch something else.Many times with foreign films , you need to work harder to find out `` what 's going on '' , and with this , you need to work twice as hard.First of all , somewhere in this mess is a story . too many confusing storylines . There were too many characters , many who appear with one look and next time , it 's a different look . Are these the same characters , do n't know . The names are very confusing also . Once it 's Dasha , then she is called Didi . Once it 's Monica , then it 's Moni.The gist of the storyline is that somewhere in the midst of dysfunctionalism , depression , and somewhere there is happiness . The Czech -LRB- 2005 -RRB- fails to deliver . You can not connect with any characters , can not grab hold of a plot , moves slow . Characters remain the same , no one advances or moves the story along.Take the hour and a half to have a good meal , wine or cup of coffee instead of trying to figure this one out . ... Rizzo
 Guy Pearce is a psychologist -LRB- Dr. Sam Franks -RRB- who returns to Australia from his teaching position in London for his father 's funeral . He returns reluctantly because of a tragic memory associated with the place where he grew up . He meets Helena Bonham Carter on a train traveling home for the funeral . She disappears from the train and Pearce does n't see her again until he saves her from a suicide attempt . Her name is Ruby and to go further with the significance of the name would be to reveal the movie 's secret.Ruby does and says a number of things that remind Franks of a very painful part of his past . The problem with this is that the time spent in flashbacks limits the amount of screen time for Pearce and Bonham Carter . This movie is overloaded with flashbacks to a fault . I 'm not sure how Guy Pearce and Bonham Carter received top billing except that they provide the box office star power to draw an audience.Most of the acting and screen time is taken by two youthful actors used in the flashbacks . Lindley Joyner plays young Sam Frank and Margot Knight plays Silvy Lewis , his youthful love interest . They spend most of their time on a bicycle playing word association games and creating other memories that come back to haunt Pearce after his return home . I did not purchase this movie to see them . I bought it to see Pearce and Bonham Carter , both very accomplished actors.The flashbacks are much too numerous to maintain the pace of the movie and so even though it only runs 101 minutes , it seems to go on and on . The lack of screen time for the stars and the slow pace of the movie make for a less than enjoyable movie experience . The secret revealed at the end is not surprising and the resolution of the problem it poses is not effective . I ca n't recommend this one .
 D&eacute;j&agrave; vu is the experience of a compelling sense of familiarity , as in `` been there , done that '' or in the case of Nanking
 Ted Leonsis , the AOL billionaire who produced this film , claims he decided to make this movie after reading about Iris Chang 's death in the summer of 2005 . Ms. Chang , however , did n't die in the summer of 2005 . She died in the Fall of 2004 . The truth is more interesting . In the summer of 2005 , Rhawn Joseph , Ph.D. , the producer of the highly acclaimed documentary , Rape of Nanking -LRB- Nightmare in Nanking -RRB-
 I love the sci-fi story A Sound of Thunder . It 's one that I always remember , but for some reason I tend to forget the name of . So when I began watching this movie , I was intrigued that it had the same general premise , and wanted to see how it would play out in the movie.It 's a sad indication of how poorly the movie was done that I had to look up afterwards to see if it was actually based on the story by Ray Bradbury . The original story is brilliant . This movie has so many holes in it that it was painful to watch.The premise of the story is that , in our future , a time machine has been developed . The owners of the machine understand very well the huge dangers involved in changing our past . A small change can create large effects later on . Let 's say a small boy is about to fall off a cliff but he manages to grab onto a vine to save himself . The boy later becomes the leader of a great nation and is able to fend off an invading army . Without that leader , the nation would have been overwhelmed . Without that vine , the boy would n't have grown to be the leader . So without the vine , massive political changes occur.This has been explored and re-explored in many stories . It 's a very interesting theme which makes up the basis of many college classes . You ca n't credit this movie with being new in any way . Even so , if they had * just * told that sort of a story , I would have enjoyed it . Great drama with great acting can make even basic love stories seem fresh and compelling.Unfortunately , the movie does n't get anything at all right . First , the acting . Beautiful acting can elevate a simple boy-meets-girl story to a true classic . Horrible acting can destroy the finest plotline . This acting was really bad . There is little emotion or empathy here for any of the characters . You know they 're all going to die off one by one . It is very clearly telegraphed . The dialogue can almost be recited for the characters.How about the environment ? Sometimes a gorgeous environment can make a movie . Unfortunately the CGI effects here are ATROCIOUS . It literally looks like the actors are walking along a broken treadmill that starts and stutters , while a cheap blue screen behind them shows some awful `` futuristic computer generated images '' . We literally laughed out loud in some scenes at how horribly it looked.I do admit the babboon-monkey-lizard-bats were an intriguing twist . Maybe the one saving grace of the entire film.But what really sent me over the edge was the sheer inanity of the plot itself . Time ripples ?? If a change was made in the past , it would change . Period . The people would come forward and their world would be `` different '' . Maybe all the plants would be blue instead of green . Maybe there would be flying monkeys zipping around in the air rather than birds . But plants would n't suddenly `` appear '' in structures !! That makes no sense at all . If there really WERE going to be time ripples , then the `` whole of time '' would change along with that ripple . That is , before a ripple passed through , the plants would all be green . After the ripple passed through , the plants would all be blue . But they would n't `` appear '' in the middle of a house . That just does n't make sense . Why would a house that has been there say 100 years now have a plant in it?They could have done a really great story - even with the ripples - by having sequential changes happening to the world that do give a sense that they had evolved that way . So with one ripple all the cars could go from square designs to octagonal designs ; all the homes could go from art deco to colonial style . But to have everything stay the same except `` plants are growing inside buildings '' is simply silly.If they could n't get that major issue right , it 's no surprise that numerous other minor issues are completely wrong too . This high tech sci-fi facility lets the visitors take all their gear home with them ?? They do n't have a recorder on each member of the team to watch what they are doing ? They do n't have equipment attached to them with bungee cords ? The list goes on and on.There was really huge potential here to make a sci-fi classic that was one of the best ever . The base story is really good . But not only did they make this into a silly camp movie , but they made it into an AWFUL silly camp movie . I really do hope they re-make this some day in the future to show what it could have been.Rating
 Not really a `` good '' movie but the premise is pretty interesting . It raises some questions about mankind doing too much with technology . Scientists develop a time machine , and one man uses it to take rich guys back in time for an adventure . Of course something goes wrong and the rest of the movie is spent trying to fix it . Not too bad but nothing to rush to see . If this were 1989 i would say the graphics looked awesome , but since it is n't ... . well you get the picture .
 The premise -LRB- as in the Bradbury story -RRB- is straight forward and leads to unforeseen consequence . In this film , however , the consequences do not follow logically or plausibly . Just one example is are the primate-saurian chimeras as a result this particular time paradox is unconvincing given that primates and dinosaur/bird ancestors were already geneticly and evolutionarily separate lines at the time of the paradox . Gradual rather than instantaneous alterations to the future are equally dubious.While its OK for a film to have some dodgy logic in order to make up a good story -- in this instance it distracts and takes away from the film . Surely the budget for this film had room to employee a writer with better story telling and SF genre skills .
 I 'm having great difficulty finding the words to describe just how awful this movie was . Only watch it if you 're extremely drunk , or if you really like heckling .
 bad directing , not enough money , bad CGI , and bad directing . the idea of changing something in the past causes the future to be completely fkd up is not a new idea , so why does anyone without the right amount of funds even attempt something as large as what this movie was trying to achieve . maybe this was supposed to be a comedy , but who 's for certain . i ca n't recomend this except for those of you who are looking for something cheesy to pass the time . the special effects are up there with the Sega CD , if that gives you any indication .
 Turn it into your own personal `` MST3K '' event and poke fun all you want . There 's plenty to poke fun at
 Apparently feeling Ray Bradbury 's original short story of a time-travel safari to dinosaur land did n't go far enough , this extends it about 400 % and adds lots of big guns , senseless chases , gruesome deaths and ugly salivating monsters . Along the way it jettisons all logical plot coherence and consistency , leaving plot holes big enough for a TRex to walk through . You 'll have lots of time to dwell on these stupidities , since despite all the explosions and screaming , it 's all very boring.Someone should go back in time and stop them from making this mess .
 What I say about this will probably be meaningless since I have n't actually seen this movie . But I have read the short story it was based off of . But then again I do n't remember it pretty well . Though I have n't actually seen it I might be worth seeing .
 I think this short story was in Bradbury 's collection `` Golden Apples of the Sun '' , and being a 12 year old sci-fi dino-philiac , I loved it!The movie was so painful I quit watching it , something I rarely do . I wo n't belabor the bad points , as others have done a good job , but has anyone stopped to think that that stupid butterfly was moments from being incinerated in a glowing avalanche from the volcano anyway ? Geez !
 If you can find a collection of Ray Bradbury short stories that includes `` A Sound of Thunder '' on the table of contents , prepare to enjoy one of his finest works of sci-fi fantasy . The movie , however , is a whole other animal . I was hopeful considering that Peter Hyams directed the film , for he has done a few other sci-fi flicks that are respectable and worthy of a wide theatrical release . There is usually good reason a film goes directly to video , and this film has it in spades . The only actor here that does anything decent at all is Ben Kingsley , who to his credit , does more than merely pick up a paycheck . But the rest of the cast is dismal , headed by the wooden Edward Burns doing his best Edward Burns impression with the emotional range of a bag of hammers . The worst this film has to offer are the incredibly cheesy visual effects . I want to believe that they ran out of money and could n't achieve the kind of effects they wanted . The visual effects are horrendously bad . Even the Sci-fi channel would be raking the gutters accepting work this bad for one of their original features . The original story is mangled and peppered with poor dialogue , each and every character you think might die soon does so , and there is even a gratuitous ` countdown to destruction ' sequence that serves to provide zero suspense and/or tension and only supplies the viewer with a small glimmer of hope that the movie will end soon . Forget about this trash .
 The original time-traveling story by Ray Bradbury is so famous that it has already influenced many other films including ` Butterfly Effect . ' After seeing the Ashton Kutcher surprise hit , which dealt only with the fate of several persons , you realize that it is an incredibly ambitious project to enlarge the scale of the story and make the film a high-tech sci-fi action with coherent logics . It should be a big-budget production , and the script needs intelligence to sustain the weight of it.Somehow filmmakers of ` A Sound of Thunder ' thought differently , or thought so , but could n't just carry it out . What you see in the newly-arrived film is lots of cheesy effects and techno-nonsense that nearly beats the stupidity of ` Battlefield Earth . ' Excuse me if I sound harsh , but if you see Ben Kingsley and Catherine McCormack , you usually do n't expect the silly dialogues and illogical behaviors of the characters.OK , imagine this . In the year of 2055 in the city of Chicago some scientists invented a time-traveling device . The futuristic city does n't look convincing at all with the -LRB- CGI - -RRB- painted buildings pasted on the blue screens , but never mind . You meet one greedy guy -LRB- Ben Kingsley -RRB- who uses it to make money . He offers a time-traveling tour and the customers can shoot the dinosaurs . -LRB- You want to hunt a big animal , do n't you ? Even if you 're not allwoed to bring anything back to your home ? -RRB- But because of somebody 's mistake -LRB- somebody who just dropped the equipment on the floor . . so clumsy ! -RRB- , the travelers get into trouble . As a consequence , they break a rule that prohibits the interference with the past , and back in 2055 they witness the world as we know it is going to change.Interesting , is n't it ? But the film lacks the financial support to realize the changed world and the new creatures that the thwarted history of evolution produces . Even if we kindly ignore this defect , there is another problem - the dull script . After the destructive ` time-wave ' hit the world , the scientists desperately try to find out the real cause of the changed history , but to us the answer is too clear from the beginning -LRB- look at the DVD cover -RRB- . The second half is virtually pointless except watching the cardboard characters get killed in the most thrill-free way.Talking about the characters , it is painfully dull to watch the hero played by Edward Burns . His insipid acting fails to fulfill the image of heroic protagonist who single-handedly saves the world , but when Ben Kingsley 's oily corporate shark looks so stereotyped , no one can blame him for giving the portrait of most lifeless hero.Peter Hyams is no stranger to the theme . He directed ` Time Cop ' years ago , which is still a very enjoyable , great B-sci-fi action . I am not still sure to what extent he should be blamed , but am sure that he himself is not very happy about the result . ` A Sound of Thunder ' has great original story which this terrible adaptation fails to use at every level of making it into a film .
 This movie was loosely -- and I do mean loosely -- based on a Ray Bradbury short story of the same name . The Bradbury story was clever and thought-provoking . This movie had a great cast , from Ben Kingsley to Catherine McCormack . Too bad the script was terrible . It had cardboard characters -LRB- Kingsley plays a one-dimensional , evil capitalist ; no other kind exists in movies these days -RRB- and pitifully executed action -- the underwater scene where a man holds his breath for over 5 minutes and kills a giant moray eel with a knife to the gill , while avoiding the foot-long teeth and snapping jaws , had to be seen to be disbelieved . To add insult to injury , the science was so bad , it made The Core and Armegeddon seem scholarly -- I still do n't see how THAT could be possible . They even screwed up a drowning resuscitation scene so badly ... never mind.Terrible . I wish I did n't waste the time on it .
 This is one of the worst movie I have ever seen . Its special effects are poor and it is hard to understand what is happening . A lot of the film is totally dark and it is almost impossible to know what is going on . And the dinosaurs were terrible this is a real picture movie , and the use creatures look totally unrealistic and creatures that never existed . And its special effects would have been outdated 10 years ago . I hated this movie .
 Sound of ThunderLoosely -LRB- oh , so loosely ! -RRB- adapted from the much better written Ray Bradbury tale of the same name.The premise is around the company , The Time Safari , where rich people can hire a team of time travelers to 65 million years ago to kill the same dinosaur over and over in succeeding trips for profit . -LRB- Why they do n't meet themselves ? Do n't ask . -RRB- We also have a very unlikeable angry radical doctor who helped develop the project but because she `` is a scientist not a lawyer '' did n't bother to read her contract that cuts her out of further involvement . Duh.Travis is our hero who takes people back and has a chat with a personable computer . This could have played better , more banter , but it was dropped early in the film.The film does not know what it wants to be . And the illogic of time changes occurring along the evolutionary scale makes no sense.Because of a minor change 65 million years ago , there will be changes in the present . Good , I can buy that . But this `` time wave '' thing happens , changing the weather -LRB- ? -RRB- , then all the trees that died now live and evolve , then further time waves create evolved creatures.It 's been established in other time travel movies and TV , such as in Star Trek , Frequency and others that time changes are fairly quick . See Time Cop -LRB- um , never mind -RRB- . The special effects are pretty bad for a 2004 movie , not much above that of an old Land of the Lost episode.I think the story wanted to have a Jurassic Park feel but fails miserably.Is this an action adventure , a horror movie , or science fiction?Ray Bradbury actually made his own version of this about twenty years ago on the Ray Bradbury Theater TV show . I want to watch that now!DVD has poor transfer , and the only `` special features '' are two trailers . Ho hum.Better : A Sound of Thunder and Other StoriesThe Ray Bradbury Theater - Complete Series -LRB- 65 Episodes -RRB-
 I LOVE the short story ... And was so excited to hear it was being made into a movie ... But the movie SUCKS . BAD CGI and horrible acting . It made me want to vomit . I ca n't believe someone who LIKED this story let this movie happen .
 I love sci-fi and I love Ray Bradbury 's work so I waited with some anticipation for this movie to open . Fortunately , I heeded the bad reviews and word-of-mouth and waited for it to come out on DVD.It 's one of the worst movies I 've seen in months and that includes a lot of really awful movies on the Sci-Fi channel . Many of the dinosaur FX are actually well-done , but the external shots of traffic on the streets is so bad I truly wished they 'd just had the actors sit in a dark room somewhere to utter their dialogue instead . Those effects are just inexcusably bad , anyone with a Mac and a free afternoon could probably do better.The underlying story is fascinating , travelling back in time to hunt dinosaurs seems like the ultimate safari . It is also reckless but hunting the same dino moments before you know he 's to die makes some sense . However , they never get around to explaining how they keep hunting him over and over , sending teams back to the same instant and they never overlap or even see each other . Huh ? Throw me a bone and at least toss out some techno-babble to explain this . Grrr . In the short story this is based on they hunted a different animal on each safari which avoids this problem completely.There is also the hackneyed story of the greedy entrepreneur , but in this case it 's amusing . Did the scientist really not know that research she 's doing for someone else will be patented by that someone else ? I hope this is n't bad news to people working for DOW , JPL or other major firms . The film also wastes the talents of some good actors . What bet did Ben Kingsley lose to end up in this movie?The contrivance of ` time waves ' is hilariously bad , and the fact that one of the scientists instantly knows that 's what is happening is silly . But not as silly as the ` evolutions ' that begin to take place . Okay , critters that are part simian and part reptilian are a bit on the impossible side , but when they begin to hang upside down like wingless bats ... this is easily the dumbest concept in the entire movie . And despite never having seen human beings , they instantly ignore any other prey to focus on people.In the short story the change they 've inadvertently caused is apparent the moment the time travellers return to the now-altered present . This makes more sense than the movie 's idea of time waves which seem like just a means to draw the story out and try to build suspense . The time waves themselves are only explained in a very perfunctory manner and leads to an internal inconsistency . Why do you have to go back a year before the first time travel safari to undo the damage , why not just one minute before?And why , oh why , run all over the city to search for what might have been inadvertently killed instead of just going back in time to prevent it in the first place ? It would have cut in half the time I had to spend watching this and most of the characters would n't have died . Then again , by that point I was rooting for the ape-dinosaur-bat creatures.They also barely mention how the unintentional smushing of a tiny bug in the distant past has caused disaster in the present . Was it eggs it did n't lay or air it did n't move as it flapped it 's wings ? A bug that almost certainly would have died when the nearby volcano erupted anyway . Yet somehow killing that bug kept the dinosaurs alive ... uh , wait , I thought it was a huge meteor strike that killed them and most species on Earth at the time . One bug must trump the meteor because suddenly they 're back and humans never evolved beyond primates.The short story shared the problem of trying to claim that the death of this tiny bug made a major change to the future , but it was not nearly as big as the change in the movie , merely the outcome of an election . And it was a short story published in 1952 , not a movie 110 minutes long made in 2005 . The idea was that actions that might seem unimportant can have an unexpectedly large cumulative effect on the future . Just not to the ludicrous extent depicted in this movie.Rent it if you must and if I 've lowered your expectations enough you may find it possible to watch the entire movie . Just do n't blame Ray Bradbury .
 Although the term `` butterfly effect '' was originally coined by Edward Lorenz , it was n't used in popular fiction until Ray Bradbury 's story `` The Sound of Thunder '' in 1952 . The phrase is a metaphor for how one small change in a complex system -LRB- say , the death of a butterfly -RRB- can have unforeseen far-reaching effects.If the movie based on the short story of the same name adhered strictly to Bradbury 's story it would have been a very short film . Instead , the movie takes liberties with time travel by demonstrating how `` time waves '' revert the present timeline to the alternate reality hinted at in the story . The film addresses a lot of the incongruous details in the short story.The premise of both mediums is that time travelers use their advanced technology not to change the world but for cheap voyeuristic thrills . Rich people spend fantastic sums of money to kill dinosaurs in the past . In the short story the hunters are paranoid about accidentally changing the future -LRB- which implies that time is linear -RRB- so they travel through the past on a floating path , shoot only dinosaurs that will die of natural causes anyway , and then argue about removing the bullets . But if you take the Butterfly Effect to the extreme , does n't merely breathing the air change things?The movie tries to deal with the obvious logic fallacies by treating time travel like space travel . The hunters are in hermetically sealed suits , they fire weapons with frozen-nitrogen bullets that melt , and they too stick to the floating path . The guns wo n't even fire without the leader of the Time Safari , led by Travis Ryer -LRB- Edward Burns -RRB- firing first . But central to this story is that greed trumps all ; in the future the government is strapped for cash and keeps the Time Safari business on a short leash.Sound of Thunder is at heart a story about consequences . Instead of dealing with time travel , or exploring the corruption of a for-profit organization abusing time for petty purposes , the film turns into a bizarre apocalyptic future survival adventure in which humanity has turned into dinosaur-baboons , baboon-bats , and sea monsters . Worse , the three critters I just mentioned are all better rendered than the dinosaur hunt -LRB- in the film , an Allosaurus instead of a Tyrannosaurus -RRB- . Which is a shame . The tension leading up to the Allosaurus kill is the foundation of the rest of the movie , and it stumbles badly.As the film struggles to find a satisfying conclusion , it ends by violating its own timeline rules . All these measures taken to avoid changing time contradict revisiting the same timeframe . Time is either linear or it is n't , you can either revisit the same scenario again and again -LRB- and therefore the film must show you meeting yourself -RRB- or you ca n't . Sound of Thunder is a time travel movie with no clear idea on how to handle time travel.Sound of Thunder gets a lot of things about the dinosaur safari right . Unfortunately , as soon as it steps off the path of the original short story , it loses its way .
 You know , a slick , pithy jab at a rotten movie is so fun -- you 'd think I 'd have one here , but I do not . A SOUND OF THUNDER -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a film that is so bad it stuns me . There is a story behind that and I 'll tell it in a bit.There are some `` stink-bombs '' as I call them , and I review them to warn anyone away from wasting good money on them . A SOUND OF THUNDER is so bad I just do n't know what to tell you . In brief
 A seminal Ray Bradbury short story `` A Sound of Thunder '' receives an inferior translation to the screen . Directed by Peter Hyams -LRB- `` The Relic '' , `` Outland '' , `` 2010 '' -RRB- , `` A Sound of Thunder '' finds humanity at the mercy of evolution when a time traveling visitor to the past changes everything with one misstep . Clearly Warner knew they had a dog on its hands as the film was shot in 2002 and originally set for release in 2003 but sat on unreleased for two years as the studio struggled with what to do with the project.In the future the wealthy travel through time killing dinosaurs that were already going to die anyway courtesy of Charles Hatton 's -LRB- Ben Kingsley -RRB- company . Led by scientist Travis Ryer -LRB- Edward Burns -RRB- each party `` kills '' the same dinosaur in the past without altering the future because that dinosaur was going to die anyway . When one of the hunters -LRB- Corey Johnson -RRB- accidently steps off of the failsafe paths , Ryer returns to find Earth torn apart by timewaves that alter species up the evolutionary chain with each one . One of the designers of the computer system that allows time travel Sonia Rand -LRB- Catherine McCormick -RRB- has figured out that something will go wrong at some point and she appears to be the only one that can help Ryer undo the past and reset our timeline on its proper course before humanity as we know it and all of our accomplishments will be wiped out.Boy , where to start ? Crippled by a small budget -LRB- $ 52 million compare that to the CGI intensive Steven Spielberg `` Minority Report '' which was budgeted at $ 100 million 2002 -RRB- the studio elected to make the film in Prague in the Czech Republic to try and strecth every dollar . Add in subpar visual effects by Furious FX , Black Mountain Studios , Big Red Pixel and others -LRB- to be generous if they had the resources of ILM for `` Jurassic Park '' or the budget the visual effects might have been better -RRB- the overuse of green screen -LRB- allowing for digitally rendered sets and futuristic backdrops -RRB- that look like they are out of a cheap video game , `` A Sound of Thunder '' took a misstep off the path of success from the moment it was greenlit.After director Renny Harlin was fired for making a creative decision that put him at odds with author Ray Bradbury , Peter Hyams was brought on board to save the film . Hyams does the best he can with the limited resources he had . The film IS suspenseful even if the script often fails to live up to the potential of Bradbury 's short story and the visual effects fail to convince . The problem though with `` A Sound of Thunder '' is with the screenplay which went through three credited writers -LRB- not including uncredited rewrites by Hyams -RRB- . Unfortunately Hyams was on a sinking ship and even the over-the-top performance by Ben Kingsley -LRB- who clearly knows he 's in a piece of junk and digs in to have fun with his role -RRB- can save the film nor can the dour performance by lead Edward Burns.Could `` A Sound of Thunder '' worked ? Yep with a proper budget , screenplay and visual effects the film could have worked . The ideas in the script are pretty decent -LRB- time waves changing the different species on Earth starting from the bottom of the evolutionary ladder on up with each successive wave -RRB- but I doubt that even the best director could have salvaged the massively rewritten , reduced script which truly called for larger-than-life visual effects and production touches.What we 're left with is material right at the level of a Syfy original TV movie -- an ambitious project dumbed down , undone by lack of talent and money .
 The source material is good . This is garbage . Stupid does not even begin to describe this mess . The viewer must wonder how such an interesting and thought provoking idea could result in a travesty of Hollywood excess and mis-management . The writers , producers and director should be ashamed of themselves . The writers especially do the concept a disservice . I avoided this until I was desperate for something to watch , and it was still a mistake . Maybe some day a good production of Ray Bradbury 's concepts will come to fruition . Butterflies rule !
 When watching this sci-fi journey , adpated by ray bradbury 's short story , you might wonder , as I did , why the movie was n't highly publicized or why it made so little.The fact is that when it came down to TIMELINE and JURASSIC PARK franchise , it seemed that the makers of this movie wanted to steer clear of that familiarity and do some different visual effects . Granted , there are some really good special effects but there are others which leave much to be desired and lacking.The premise is a solid story which is the only reason why I 'm giving it two stars instead of one.In order to fully enjoy this movie you must make yourself believe that it was a straight to T.V. or video movie and not a movie that overspent their expectations .
 This movie has Mystery Science Theater written all over it . While the concept is interesting for a few minutes , the special effects are just so bizarrely awful that it is next to impossible to take this movie seriously . It seriously looks like the actors are walking on a treadmill in front of a bluescreen ... and the blue screen graphics look like the 16-bit Sega Genesis ! I 've seen some cartoons that looked more realistic than this film.In addition to the faults in the special effects , the story does n't hold up past the 10 minute mark , and the sequence of events that follow are laughable . The evolution of the `` baboonosaur '' -LRB- you 'll know what I 'm talking about the second you see it -RRB- just throws the movie that was already bad completely over the top into realms that even Uwe Boll has yet to enter . It is just that bad.If you enjoy watching train wrecks , this is perfect for you . I 'll be honest ... I laughed hysterically at how awful it was . But as a serious movie , avoid at all costs .
 So bad I Fast-Forwarded a good part of the movie , and then I gave it away to an unsuspected grateful friend . Not worth been specific ; where to start ?
 Ray Bradbury 's recent death inspired me to check out `` A Sound of Thunder '' on DVD from my local public library . I originally saw the movie on its theatrical release in 2004 , and I did n't remember it very well except for a sense that it was very dark -- visually , not philosophically . I do n't recall enjoying it that much , or thinking that it did justice to one of the best classic science-fiction short stories ever written . On re-watching it , I can only say that my memory is accurate . It 's a bad movie by any standards , and even more so when measured against the superb story upon which it is loosely based.Mr . Bradbury 's short story gave rise to the term `` butterfly effect , '' whereby a butterfly flapping its wings in China affects the weather in North America . In the time-travel genre , it means that a seemingly insignificant change that a time traveler makes on a journey to the past can have huge consequences in the future from which he or she originated . It 's a convenient way to understand `` chaos theory , '' or `` sensitive dependence on initial conditions . '' That 's fine , so far.But in the movie , when a time traveler steps on a butterfly back in the Cretaceous Era , it triggers a series of `` time waves '' that propagate like ripples in a pond to the Chicago of 2055 that is the movie 's present day . These waves -- they look like advancing storm fronts -- mutate plants and animals as they pass , turning them into bizarre monstrosities that reflect the new evolutionary history they experienced because of the death of the prehistoric butterfly . Each successive time wave affects only certain species . The first one changes plants , the next one changes animals , the one after that changes humans . Yeah , right . It 's a lame gimmick that just gives the moviemakers an excuse to show CGI carnivorous plants and vicious hybrid ape-reptile creatures -- but not very well , because `` A Sound of Thunder '' IS dark . Very dark . So dark it 's almost impossible to make out what 's going on for much of it . Even production concept designs by the incomparable Syd Mead ca n't save this stinker.There are other plot holes big enough to sail the Queen Mary through -- which , by the way , were NOT in Mr. Bradbury 's story . You say you have to return to the Cretaceous and rescue the late butterfly , which will fix all the future problems its death caused ? Okay , great . But what 's that ? The time waves have wrecked the time machine you originally used ? No problem . All you need is a particle accelerator and some special software , which is on a conveniently portable hard disk drive that 's easy to schlep from one end of creature-infested Chicago to the other , where there 's conveniently located the very particle accelerator you need . Give me a break . Sure , it 's fiction , but even fiction does n't have to be ridiculous.I give `` A Sound of Thunder '' two stars rather than one simply because it IS marginally better than `` Starcrash , '' my standard of crappiness for a one-star rating . Rather than waste time on this movie , you 'd be much better advised to hunt down a book of Ray Bradbury 's short stories and read his original .
 I do n't know what went wrong with this movie . Yes , now I do . I did a search for another movie this one reminded me of - one that disappointed me just as much ... The Relic - another film set in Chicago . The commonality is the Director , who I was already blaming 30 minutes into this movie for the lame delivery of worse dialogue . Man , this story & film had so much potential . There are ideas here that could have made a great script & movie . Do n't waste your time .
 I have to admit that I actually enjoyed this a bit.I love time travel and you did n't need a degree in physics to understand whats going on.Acting was pretty good . Kingsley was great.The CGI on the other hand did leave alot to be desired , although the baboon/reptile was a neat concept.What upset me more than anything else was the fact that I paid 12.00 bucks for it . Not pricey , but if i had rented this on Netflix , I would have noticed a glaring omission . There are absolutely no extras on the DVD . None but 2 previews . That is what made me give it 1 star.No deleted scenes , no commentary , nada , zilch . Hell , they could have done a bio on Bradbury and it would have been something interesting.Putting out DVD 's at this stage of the game w/o extras is a crime .
 I knew when I bought it that it was a low budget , poorly acted , rotten FX but I loved the story by Bradbury and just wanted to see what they did to it . They completely missed the meaning of the title and that disappointed me . Not only does thunder refer to the Thunder Lizzard they shoot but to the very end of the written story -LRB- and I 'm sure this is not a spoiler -RRB- the sniveling coward Eckels clawing through the mud on his boot and finding the butterfly waited . `` He heard Travis shift his rifle , click the safety catch , and raise the weapon . There was a sound of thunder . '' That was the whole point of the story . The movie missed it . Duh ! What were they thinking ? Not worth the time and money and if you are a Bradbury fan keep a wide berth .
 I am so tempted to recommend `` A Sound of Thunder , '' not because it 's good , but it simply may be one of those movies you have to see to believe . No description can prepare you for viewing this perversely bad sci-fi epic . It is based on a Ray Bradbury short story , and not having read it , I 'll simply assume it was a cheesy bit of fun . What with time travel and dinosaurs combined , it seems like it would be a rousing adventure or at least a fun lark . Heck , the idea behind the movie is solid enough . Unfortunately , this idea has led to disaster!The movie relies heavily on its visuals , and yet those visuals seem to have come straight out of TV 's `` Land of The Lost . '' Every building is fake , every plant is fake , every car is fake -LRB- I especially love the animated traffic ! It is truly and amazingly bad ! -RRB- and I have n't even gotten to the special creature effects . Well , let 's just say that they 're not so special . We 've got a plastic dinosaur , gorilla lizards , bat pterodactyls and my favorite which is an underwater dragon snake straight out of a Chinese New Year 's parade . And do n't even try to analyze the science/logic , just take whatever happens at face value.All of this is so silly , you ca n't get any real thrills . But the movie does n't even have the sense to play for dumb fun ! It 's a critical mistake , trust me , because this could have been a camp classic . But under Peter Hyams ' leaden direction , it simply plods along from one ridiculous event to another . Believe it or not , this film also boasts some name talent . Ben Kingsley is on hand briefly , one can hope he picked up a nice paycheck . And our hero is played by Edward Burns . I 'm not sure what Burns has been doing lately . Once a promising filmmaker himself and an actor in notable films like `` Saving Private Ryan , '' he is out of his element here . If his character had one ounce of humor , charm , or personality , I might have added a star . But , as is , it may be the most wooden , one-dimensional performance I 've seen in quite some time.Enter at your own risk . This is only for the little kids , the masochists , or the woefully inebriated . KGHarris , 10/06 .
 Life is a delicate balance between order and disorder . Once small disturbance ... One minor infraction of nature 's law is all it takes.This movie is based on a short story by Ray Bradbury.Chicago 2054 . We have discovered a way to do time travel . Even though we use it for recreational purposes there may be a deeper impact.The application of the story may be misleading as we see from trailers somebody steps on a butterfly however this was not really the problem but the effect . You should be aware of the saying `` keep your powder dry . '' In this case a beautiful woman caused negligence which caused a short which caused the butterfly effect . Moral of the story is do n't let a beautiful woman distract you or it may be the end of the world.Just a side note , it looks like they tried to include every disaster movie you 've ever seen and big bug movie -LRB- okay little bug -RRB- , volcanoes , monkeys taking over the world , flora gigantices , and many more unspeakable disasters . Oh and do n't forget the evil , uncaring , unthinking , unscrupulous , and many more un 's of the government . And do n't forget Ben Kingsley as the corporate head who has more un 's than the government.Coming back to the actual movie presentation , the graphics are appallingly hokey . They spend a lot of time on a treadmill in front of a blue screen and do n't have any qualms about letting you know that they are more interested in the story than the visuals . Maybe we should be too ; yet it is very distracting to see how disjointed the people scenes are from the graphic scenes . This has all the feel of a hallmark movie without the romance.I 'm sure that they 're just trying to deliver one simple message . `` Do n't mess with mother nature ''
 Why translate a _ great classic _ scifi story by a master like Ray Bradbury if you are n't going to make even a token effort at getting it right ? Bradbury 's short story is one of THE classic scifi stories , up there with greats by Arthur C. Clarke , Isaac Asimov and even the original god H.G. Wells.This is the kind of movie that makes you wonder how some talent keeps getting work at all , in this case Peter Hyams , who could not have done a worse job . And what fooled the actors into taking a role in this beast.A real bottom dweller . Not good camp . An awful awful awful adaptation . Awful effects.Terrible in every way .
 I watched this movie for one reason
 Bad acting by almost everyone -LRB- except Ben Kingsley -RRB- . The lead guy has perpetual hoarse voice and a constant somewhat annoyed facial movements as his acting.The lead actress with Brit accent slowed down as the movie progressed but said her initial -LRB- and the most important -RRB- dialog at such a horrible way!I dont think this was B movie -- more like C - !
 * sigh * Ben Kingsley CAN be a pretty good actor . But now ... . First there was Species , than Thunderbirds , now `` A Sound of Thunder '' ... Ben ... dude ... do you really need the money that bad ? I sense Rutger Hauer syndrome ... Okay ... now that 's out of the way ... The movie is a take on a Ray Bradbury tale . -LRB- Everyone knows about farenheit 451 ... but this one ? -RRB- Long Story short , this movie involves time travel into the past , and the effects it can have on the future . The topic has been worked over by other films , and in a better matter . -LRB- heck , even back to the future had the Delorean going for it -RRB- This piece of junk , has special effects , but they are so piss-poor you can just HEAR the actors clank on a sound stage as the pseduo-future pixelated cars drive by . One car , a taxi , looks EXACTLY like the `` Johnny Cab '' taxi from `` Total Recall '' , just repainted Yellow . * sigh * This movie has plot holes , poor acting , more plot holes and a long ... slow ... predicitable ending . Execution of this mess is just ponderous . I stopped 15 minutes into the movie for a `` restroom break '' , came back and was depressed so little time had elapsed . You can rip on this movie , here and there for MST3K value ... but at times you almost start liking the movie and want to see it do well . Than you see some awful special effects creep in and you just laugh and point . MST3K points for you
 I like intelligent sci-fi type movies that deal with time travel or multiple universes . This movie however has bad cgi effects , major errors and paradoxes regarding the application and manipulation of the laws of physics in the field of relativity/quantum mechanics . I just did n't care about the characters or the plot because the whole thing was just too cheesy . Overall
 Futuristic time travel can be great material to work with . This film falls short though . Traveling into the dinosaur age to kill one and being careful not to touch anything else is interesting stuff . Of course theirs the rich , arrogant keeper of the time machine company who puts money over carefulness . It was good that it was explained the dinosaur would have died in a lava pit just before it was killed , otherwise the whole dont mess with the past thing would fall flat.I had a big problem with actor Edward Burns -LRB- among others -RRB- . Hes been good in other films but this was hideous acting . If this is his style in sci-fi , he never belongs there . Very flat , very unexpressive.The Earth regressing to its primitive stages was a good concept but it was put over in a tv series type cheap way . The computer generated creatures were below average and the fake fear generated by the crew sealed this films fate . A couple of city street scenes -LRB- although creative attempts -RRB- were the cheesyest I 've seen in awhile . It looked like the old Superman from the 40s standing still while pretending to walk and create movement around him.Mentions of other forms of time travel would possibly have added depth to the film . Very disappointing movie , for some reason I was expecting more . Easily a back shelf bomb . The dvd picture is sharp and the sound is annoyingly clear . The second star is for original thought .
 The plot of this movie is so stupid , that not even little children will accept the events that take place here . Avoid this movie as it is so bad I actually felt insulted by it!Obviously it was made for the same cavemen that can be seen wondering about the place . Rating this movie at 1 star isstill a bit overdone . -LRB- SARR -RRB-
 The CGI in this movie would n't even be acceptable on a Playstation 1 . There is absolutely nothing good about this movie and I 'm a fan of this genre . I even like the cheesy sci fi films . I liked Aeon Flux ! This is just garbage and a total waste of time . I did sleep through a lot of it though . Right after I found out the cartoon T-rex was n't a joke , my eyes were closed.I see better CGI work on children 's TV shows .
 Ray Bradbury , run and hide ! This tacky film version of his short story from the 1950s about time travel and the effect it might have on de-evolution is not well known from the theatrical run -LRB- did it have one ? -RRB- and exists now as a DVD on the shelves released during a slow week.What looks to be a fancy sci-fi thriller form the opening scenes quickly fools us as the computer generated graphics are re-run unaltered throughout a film that is supposed to be about different ` trips ' back in time where a major company sells macho guys in 2055 the chance to hunt dinosaurs by paying exorbitant fees to travel back in time to prehistoric jungles . One slip of the foot/butterfly while on one of these ventures and the course of evolution is altered with resultant time waves rolling over the planet changing everything to man-eating plants and beasties . Of course there is a pretty damsel who knows how to reverse the process and a hunky man to risk his life to act on her orders and everything is eventually OK.Yes , that is the story ... and the most surprising fact about this poorly scripted , abysmally acted mess of a film is that it attracted some fine talent to portray the comic book flat characters . Edward Burns -LRB- all buff and hunky -RRB- is our hero du jour , Ben Kingsley is the requisite bad corporate guy sporting a ridiculous white wig , Catherine McCormack is the know-it-all woman creator , and Wilfried Hochholdinger as an evil one - all are superb actors and should have known better than to align with this flop . And the saddest thing is that for those who like this genre of sci-fi monster thrillers the creative department sold out with some of the corniest animation to hit the screen in a long time . A must miss . Grady Harp , March 06
 I like all kinds of movies ranging from comedy , thrillers , and Sci/Fi . Let me describe my favorite Sci/Fi twists first , then I will keep it very real . I like Sci/Fi , time-travel plots of all kinds , great acting , building of characters , and great FX . I mentioned some of my favorite attributes in Sci/Fi movies because it is the basis by which this particular movie must be judged.This next paragraph deals with the time travel plot and has several slight spoilers but are important to discuss since there were a few issues ... you may want to skip to the next paragraph if you really intend to watch the movie . First , let 's talk about the common Sci/Fi time travel plot . The fact is that this movie has a very fascinating `` cause and effect '' premise which I found to be interesting and it is the only reason I rented it in the first place . In terms of the time travel plot , I was definitely interested in what would happen next and how they would play with `` cause and effect '' . However , I was disappointed in that they did not provide adequate explanation of the specific `` cause '' and the resulting `` effect '' beyond a smashed butterfly on the bottom of someone 's boot . When toying with time travel `` cause and effect '' , it is very important to provide a scientific analysis/investigation to the viewer so they can follow the logic ... its part of the excitement . Essentially , they skipped the explanation and assumed that a two sentence `` warning '' to time travelers about disrupting anything in the past was a `` no no '' was adequate for the viewer ... it was n't . Also , I found a number of problems with the time travel aspect of the movie that did n't adhere to `` the rules '' in my opinion . This is important because a real time-travel buff will notice some of these finer points such as a -RRB- the time waves and b -RRB- the main character disappearing -LRB- in the past -RRB- before his intended changes could actually take effect -LRB- technically they wo n't take effect until after the characters re-enter the time machine -RRB- . Also , I read another review where they indicated that this movie was better than the movie `` Timeline '' ... I disagree . `` Timeline '' remained truer to the rules and therefore is superior -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . Having said all of this , I still enjoyed the time travel aspect of the movie but wanted to point out these finer points.No spoilers for the rest of the review . The next aspect of this movie is building of characters and acting . This is an area that was a bit lacking but it was n't a deal breaker for me . As an example , I thought Time Cop was great but the acting was lacking . In the case of Time Cop , I overlooked the acting because I thought everything else was so cool.These types of movies are heavily dependent on special effects in order for the viewer to visualize -LRB- the purpose of film by-the-way -RRB- what is happening in the movie . Since there were dinosaurs and other new creatures after the timeline was disrupted , special effects are critical . So , I think the special effects are some of the worst I 've seen in any Sci/Fi or fantasy movie by today 's standards . This is why the movie will be viewed as a complete failure by many viewer 's standards . If you 've seen Jurassic Park or King Kong you will understand what I 'm saying after watching this movie ... there 's no comparison what-so-ever . In summary , the concepts were great , acting was mediocre , time plot had a few problems , and the special effects were really poor . If you are a time travel buff , you may enjoy the movie but if you looking for a great special effects movie do n't bother ... you will be disappointed.Personally , I think that this movie needs to be given to a mastermind like Peter Jackson -LRB- Lord of the Rings , King Kong -RRB- because he could have ironed out the time travel wrinkles and added the sort of special effects that this movie really needed to make it work . Not that Jackson would read this review but he could have taken this movie to a whole new level because the basic idea is cool . The great concept is the only reason that I even wrote a review.Beware ... you may be very disappointed . Hope this was helpful .
 Reverse evolution time travel must be true for how else can you explain that Ray Bradbury 's charming and clever 1950 's story could de-evolve into a such a horrendous mess of a movie . Everything 's bad -- acting , filming , effects and so on . Really awful . Foisting this on the public was a crime.Find Bradbury 's short story and enjoy the movie in your head and do n't pollute your mind with this Peter Hyam 's wreck . He owes an apology and money back to everyone who paid to see it . Seriously . If ever a movie was worth filing a class action suit , this is it ? Did anyone at the studio watch this abomination before it was released ?
 I had not heard good things about this film , but since I have always been fond of the Ray Bradbury short story upon which it is based , I decided to give it a try . In retrospect I probably should not have wasted my time.The film begins decently enough , but about halfway through it evolves into little more than a very cheap thriller . Bradbury 's provoking premise is reduced to little more than a launchpad , it seems , for a series of very conventional `` dangerous situations '' that are supposed to be scary , but fail to even be that , as the special effects are at times glaringly subpar by today 's standards.All the talk about evolution might at a glance make the film sound smart , but its treatment of the theme makes little sense to those who stop and think about it . Even accepting the vague `` time wave lag '' as the transparent plot device it is -LRB- to prolong the `` action , '' such as it is -RRB- , I have difficulty accepting the movie 's casual claim that humans `` evolved last '' out of all the species because they are the `` most complex . '' It is completely ignorant of the fundamentals of the theory of evolution . Science fiction may be all about bending the rules and inventing new ones , but known , generally-accepted ones should never be broken so casually without an adequate explanation . It was as if the filmmakers wanted us to just take this explanation at face value because it worked so fabulously with the rest of their plot.Other minor executions of the plot were difficult to believe , such as the fact that the Time Safari company allowed their customers to just take their suits home as souvenirs -- the ones that had been exposed to the environment of 65 million years ago . To me , it sounds like an excuse for our Team of Heroes to venture out into Chicago , the Dangerous Amazon Jungle full of Unspeakable Computer-Generated Horrors . But , if that 's your type of entertainment , you might enjoy this movie.Two stars for some decent acting and an interesting general premise -LRB- credited to Bradbury of course -RRB- .
 You have to wonder what Ben Kingsley , Edward Burns , and Catherine McCormack did to wind up in this excuse for a sci-fi romp . Based , barely , on the acclaimed Ray Bradbury short story , A Sound of Thunder follows a time travel mishap that leads to an alteration of evolution on Earth , which proves to be very bad for a time safari leader -LRB- Burns -RRB- and his crew , who find themselves neck deep in screwy-evolution , mixed up uber-beasts . It 's a glorified B-movie all the way , but the sad part is that A Sound of Thunder is n't even fun to watch . The acting is terrible , with Burns acting like a cardboard cutout and Kingsley sleepwalking , but then again , the twitchy script does n't really help them out much . Not to mention that the CGI monster effects are deliriously bad , and when you see them , you 'll think your watching a Sci-Fi Channel original movie . But hey , what else would you expect from Peter Hyams ; the same guy who brought us schlock like End of Days and Timecop ? Avoid .
 I really WISH that when they make a movie from a book , they would follow the freakin ' storyline ! `` Sound of Thunder '' is a short story -LRB- about 30 pages I recall -RRB- by Ray Bradbury , I read it in high school a long time ago . You will not understand the title until the very last sentence - a classic Bradbury quirk . This movie is so loosly related to the original story it hardly deserves the title . Bradbury wrote this in the 1960 's , about the time when the first theories and ideas about chaos theory and the `` butterfly effect '' were first being put forth . What really SUCKS is that this COULD have been an excellent movie ! But it was mediocre at best . Acting , plot , special FX , everything could have been better . I will simply shelve it now along with my small but growing collection of other movies in this fascinating area , 3 total now , the other 2 being `` Butterfly Effect '' and `` Frequency '' , both of which were very well done .
 Do n't even bother buying this for its awfulness - which is not of the entertaining kind.For the sake of future generations I went out and crushed the first butterfly I could find , in the hope that this would prevent a remake or sequel to this movie from ever evolving.As I watched , I wished the dreadful-looking tsunami time wave FX would continue out of the screen and wash over me , carrying me back to before I bought this film , so I could prevent that too .
 I am a Sci-Fi fan going back 4 decades . I first read `` A Sound of Thunder '' in 1974 at age 15 , and it remains one of my absolute favorite Sci-Fi short stories . This movie sucks ; it is a perversion of Bradbury 's great story . It just goes to show that Hollywood can not make a good or great movie from an excellent Sci-Fi short story .
 Computer games I spent five dollars on five years ago have better CGI . The acting is terrible ! The world is almost over and no one is really panicing . But the worst part about this sci fi flic is the science not the fiction . The idea of time waves is ridiculous . This movie hurt to watch .
 This movie was just terrible . All of the dialogue is terrible . The plot -LRB- aside from the Bradbury part -RRB- is terrible . The action scenes are terrible . The special effects are bad.There is this one scene about 20 minutes into the movie where we stopped the film and tried to figure out why it was even left in the final cut . The hero character is walking with another character down a sidewalk and they are talking . Nothing they say to each other is relevant to the film at all , AND you can tell it was filmed with the actors standing in front of a green-screen and the entire background is CGI-ed in . I can not for the life of me understand why this scene was left in the film . But the whole movie has aspects that do n't make sense anyway , so I guess this is at least consistent.Its just a stupid movie . Its horrible.I want to mention again what another reviewer said ... The `` disaster '' is caused because a butterfly was killed in the past by one of the time travellers . That butterfly would have died in a few minutes anyway when that volcano erupted.I hate this movie .
 Do n't you hate movies that punish you for paying attention ? The problem here is n't that the movie is n't `` scientifically accurate '' -LRB- in science fiction , it 's perfectly acceptable for the science to be fictious -RRB- . It 's not even that the special effects are poor , or that the acting is cheesy -LRB- there 's plenty of classic sci-fi that feature both bad effects and bad acting , but still somehow work -RRB- . No , the problem here is that good speculative fiction still needs some level of internal logic . The script for this film utterly lacks that.It must also be noted that this is a truly sub-par DVD as well . There are no special features unless you count the two theatrical trailers . Rent it if you must , but do not buy this disc .
 This movie is trash . Taking a wonderful and profound work of Ray Bradbury and turning it into this muck ... unforgivable.The acting ? Atrocious . It was even to bad to be comical . It was almost as if the actor 's had signed up to do it years ago , and were resentful of having to now take time out and do it.And what in the H was Ben Kingsly doing in this ?! Good god . He is a huge talent ... what was the behind this ? Who knows ! Just do n't watch it !
 What else to write other than it sucked ? The `` special effects '' -LRB- there was absolutely nothing special about them -RRB- were so cheesy that at times I realized I was n't even paying attention to the dialogue . But that did n't really matter . The dialogue almost sucked as much as the effects . I honestly do n't know if I 've seen Ed Burns act any better though . Of course , he sucked as well . He 's a horrible actor . Everything I 've seen of him is horrible.I liked this film for one reason - Ben Kingsley . I like seeing actors of such high caliber showing off their bad acting skills as adept as their good performances . Granted , it 's not Ben 's fault . He did n't have much to work with . Just a sleezy soul patch . It 's his agent 's fault , I imagine for getting him this part . I 'll anxiously await the next ` Sexy Beast ' film from this legend . Till then , stay away from this one .
 What a disappointment !!! My 19 yr old son and I LOVED MST3000 ... watched and roared with laughter at the horrible movies and hilarious comments by Joel , then Mike and the Bots ... we were sad to see them go ... but got really excited to see Mike and the gang ... minus the Bots ... were back!Ordered the movie ... waited with anticipation for it to arrive ... popped the popcorn , chilled the soda and got ready for the side-splitting hilarity to begin ... BUT IT NEVER CAME ... the hilarity that is ... Dumb comments + stupid pre-movie banter = movie not worth buying nor renting for that matter ... what a waste of time and money ... wo n't be making that mistake again ... ugh !
 One of the worst jobs that Mike Nelson and Company have done so far . The movie I expect to be bad , but the commentary usually makes it watchable . Not so with this one . The laughs are few and far between . There just is n't much you can do with this movie . Save your money for a different one in this series such as the Giant of Marathon .
 My hopes were high for this one , after the turgid `` Hollywood After Dark . '' Unlike that film , `` Killers From Space '' is a delightfully bad , hence intrinsically more entertaining grade-C sci-fi cheapo , and so should have been perfect for the Crew . But the old `` MST3K '' spark is simply missing . There are some really good one-liners along the way , but they are too few and far-between . Set-up skits and interstitials are boring . The print , by the way , is terrible , although there were excellent prints of this title still being shown on local tv through the 80s -LRB- I know , I edited one for tv , a pristine print from Paramount , which held distribution rights -RRB- . The heavy scratches and splices are annoying and distracting . I feel , reading other reviews , that the Crew is simply coasting on goodwill left over from MST3K , and here I must agree with the hated SCI FI Channel executive Stephen Chao , who killed MST3K because he felt it `` was n't funny enough . '' I disagreed then , but find his critique sadly appropriate here . I wo n't be buying future releases , should there be any .
 Mst3k was a very funny show , I thought . And this ... it had a few funny lines in it and the rest was just crude . I think if they cleaned up their act a little it would be a lot better .
 I 'm not sure what most of the other reviewers are seeing in this very poorly done production , but this is the worst movie commentaries I 've seen by members of the former MST3k crew -LRB- which includes Nelson 's commentaries on various remastered films from Legend Films -RRB- . It was actually worse than Hollywood After Dark , which I gave a higher rating than I would normally just because it showed potential . Unfortunately , this only seems to defy my belief in the potential by being duller than Hollywood After Dark.The film itself is ripe for the jesting on so many levels , but like Hollywood After Dark there are so many moments where they just let the movie go on by itself , and usually during moments of silence . Furthermore , the jokes made typically just were n't funny . Not from lack of trying , but more from the lack of a solid writing team like the one that was present with MST3K . Sure , we love Mike 's on screen attitude and look/sound , but it greatly shows that the trio sadly needs the rest of the writing crew from MST3K and just are n't capable of providing the overall quality that most of us look for in these type of movies.The one good thing I can say about Killers From Space , in comparison to Hollywood After Dark , is that at least one of the skits was funny -LRB- the dead pan look - they gave it some name I can hardly recall let alone spell -RRB- . The bonus skit was just a waste of time . It was a cute idea , but it was ruined with using lines that just were n't funny.When I rated Hollywood After Dark , I gave it +1 star since it had the potential . I can not do the same here . Considering I barely laughed once through the whole movie and had to watch it twice in a row to really see it all since the first time I ended up checking my e-mail and browsing the Web after I lost interest in the movie and the commentary about half an hour into it.Again , if you 're a fan of MST3K , you 'll probably want to own this regardless of how bad it is -LRB- or is n't ; your opinion may vary -RRB- . But , if you 're new to these types of productions , go out and get one of the MST3K volumes rather than this . They have more movies and at least one of them will be a whole lot more fun to watch than either of the Film Crew films out so far .
 In a number of different James Bond films , the tuxedo-clad hero would be introduced to viewers via a game of poker . Imagine him playing that game 24/7 , and what you 'd get is very close to what Shade is.The plot of this film is so fractured , convoluted , and filled with turns that it is difficult to describe , but basically it revolves around the setting up -LRB- and eventually playing -RRB- of a high-stakes poker game that has enormous repercussions for every player involved.I can easily see why this film was only released to certain select Los Vegas theaters , as the plot was so meandering and the acting -LRB- by and large -RRB- so underwhelming . However , it could have been at least a decent film if it would have focused on the two things it did well , those being :1 . The intensity of the poker scenes . Though this movie is billed to be `` all about poker '' , it is really more about con men and hustlers , thus cheapening the raw tension of the card-playing scenes .2 . The acting performances by Sylvester Stallone -LRB- The Dean -RRB- and Stuart Townsend -LRB- The Mechanic -RRB- . Townsend shines as the up-and-coming hustler trying to knock off the big-gun , played very well by a Stallone trying -LRB- at least at the time -RRB- to choose some age-appropriate roles . Unfortunately , the ending kind of ruins this relationship -LRB- although I ca n't tell you exactly why -RRB- . Overall , Shade is a barely-watchable film due to some flashes of acting drama and some intense poker scenes . Other than that , though , it falls completely flat .
 With all the big name actors in `` Shade '' I was expecting to see a good film , since I am a big fan of poker . However , this was not the case . `` Shade '' has some good acting , but the plot takes so many twists and turns , it 's hard to keep track on what 's going on . `` Shade '' is about a group of con men who make a living coning people out of their money . For example , Jamie Foxx plays a character that joins the conn men and gets conned himself.The overall plot of `` Shade '' is for the conn men to get into a poker game with `` The Dean '' -LRB- Stallone -RRB- . Overall , `` Shade '' had great potential , but there was too much conning going on . There should have been more straight up poker .
 I went into this movie with high expectations . I did table card magic as a kid , and I 've been playing poker regularly for over fifteen years now . And I love reading about or watching movie about grifters and their schemes.This movie managed to disappoint me in virtually every area . It shows an * astounding * ignorance of the mechanics of a poker game , and the world of poker players . I also found the `` grifting '' aspect of it to be totally lacking in credibility , and the `` surprise '' ending was transparent.Let 's get one thing straight to begin with , you can not bet your opponent off the table in poker . The very notion is ridiculous . All serious big money games are played table stakes . And even if you were n't playing table stakes , no one would sit down in a game where the guy with most money could literally buy a pot simply by having more money than you . This is such a clear oversight that I have to wonder if the writer of this movie has ever even played poker.Second , mechanics do n't get any action . The premise of this movie is apparently two well known card mechanics keep getting involved in big money games . This is ridiculous . Once someone gets tagged as a mechanic no one is ever going to invite him to another game as long as he lives . In the poker world , a `` famous '' mechanic is a broke mechanic.Third , if these people are such great grifters , why are they messing around with a minor scam in the beginning of the movie ? Are you really telling me that on the * same * day they 're lining up an $ 80,000 pull , they 're also stealing a few hundred bucks from a gas station attendant ??? Please !!! And did anybody else here think the organ-stealing scene was both incredibly contrived and inexplicably stupid?There are exactly two good thing about this movie
 On the surface you would think you have a ca n't miss movie . Collect an ensemble cast of talented actors -LRB- Stallone , Griffith , Byrne , Foxx -RRB- . Couple with a currently en vogue theme -LRB- ie , high stakes poker -RRB- . Add a familiar twist -LRB- con-game , who 's playing who -RRB- . You should have a winner right ? The fact that this movie had so many things going for it yet still flops makes it twice as bad.Every character in this film is cut from a formula . Jamie Foxx , in a minor role , has an excellent performance wasted here as the sharp mark who gets sucked in to the scam . Stuart Townsend plays the talented young hustler trying to redeem the stinging defeat he suffered `` in Atlantic City . '' Gabriel Byrne is the griselled veteran , schooling young Townsend in the art of the con . Thandie Newton of course is the sly eye-candy , using all her womanly assets to get what she wants . And Stallone plays the accomplished master that Stuart Townsend longs to beat . Hey , there 's even an appearance by Hal Holbrook as the `` old card master '' who cares more about the `` art '' of silly card tricks than making money . Listen , if your only skill is card tricks , you should take any money you can get . Of course everybody has cool nicknames , but I do n't want to spoil the whole movie . This is , after all , one of the greatest unintended comedies ever put to film.The plot is predictable and over-done . They never develop the plot enough about what exactly happened in Atlantic City . But I suppose they were hoping their audience would be distracted by all the card tricks . Either way , by the end , you wonder how anybody can be surprised by any of the `` surprise twists . `` Stuart Townsend thinks he 's being subtle but his acting is actually closer to comatose . And the cliche hit-men uttering lines straight from the Godfather -LRB- `` It makes no difference to me how a man makes his living ... '' -RRB- must have poor Brando rolling over in his grave.There are a few things saving this movie though . The card tricks are cool and will keep you interested for at least 2 minutes . And Byrne , Foxx , and Newton are electric in their roles . That almost makes it worse though , because their good performances make it all the more obvious how badly written this script is . Bryne is the main reason this movie gets 2 stars instead of none.Overall , if you can appreciate poor movie making and do n't mind laughing at a movie that the director made in seriousness , you might want to own this film . But if you are roped in by the poker theme and the great cast , do n't bother . Save a couple hours off your life and watch `` Rounders '' one more time .
 Jamie Foxx -LRB- Ray , Collateral -RRB- loses a card game but the money he lost wasnt his . . so , card players , Gabriel Byrne -LRB- Spider , Assualt On Precinct 13 -RRB- , Thandie Newton -LRB- Mission Impossible 2 , The Truth About Charlie -RRB- and Stuart Townsend -LRB- Queen Of The Damned , Trapped -RRB- need the money so they wan na challenge The Dean , played by Sylvester Stallone -LRB- Rocky 1-5 , Rambo 1-3 -RRB- in order to win the money . A lot of poker jargon ... maybe we didnt get enough in Rounders ... ya think ? I dont know but this wasnt that great ... too boring at most times and most times you dont care if they win or lose or who 's playing who or who 's triple double crossing who ... it doesnt add up to jack squat . Stallone in a much better boring movie then the other ones he 's been in lately . Foxx has his moments but he goes on later to do much more in depth pictures . Also starring Mark Boone Junior -LRB- Vampires , Se7en -RRB- , Hal Holbrook -LRB- Creepshow , The Firm -RRB- , Jack Conley -LRB- tv 's Angel , Payback -RRB- , Glenn Plummer -LRB- Speed 1-2 , Salton Sea -RRB- , Melanie Griffith -LRB- Cecil B. Demented , Nobody 's Fool -RRB- , Bo Hopkins -LRB- From Dusk Till Dawn 2 -RRB- , Patrick Bauchau -LRB- Panic Room -RRB- , Charles Rocket -LRB- Dumb and Dumber -RRB- and Rodney Rowland -LRB- Tv 's Angel -RRB- . I was waiting for Matt Damon or Edward Norton to pop in and swing aside these low brow characters .
 God , what an awful movie . So cliched it 's funny . Even great actors ca n't help this script . This has all been done before , and better . Go watch The Cincinatti Kid , The Hustler , The Sting , or Rounders .
 This flick is a good example of a good cast wasted by a lot of gratuitous digital FX that simply distract from the story . A typical case of producers thinking they can make more jack with a lot of hi tech razzle dazzle to appeal to the brainless gamer demographic . Add this to the growing list of films that could 've been hits but tanked because the producers did n't understand that gimmicks are no substitute for a good story.Glitz ca n't save a lousy movie but it can sure wreck a good one .
 As a poker player , I really wanted to see this film , and I really wanted to like it . The writer and the director of this film are totally clueless about the game of poker . The film is unwatchable . The poker sequences are laughably bad . I could not watch the whole thing , I just turned it off about half way through . For the poker , I give it zero stars on a scale of 1 to 5 . As a movie above and beyond the technical aspects , about 2 or 3 stars because of muddled plot development and so-so characters .
 Horrible , Horrible , Film . I mean it made Gigli look Oscar worthy !
 i really did not like it . it was a crapy version of the Cininatti kid meets the sting . they even used some vital lines from the Cininatti kid . and why did they had to kill off my Jamie Foxx ?? i was not a happy viewer when i saw this one . very dissapointed . i did n't even look at it all the way .
 Graduation night , ex-boyfriend and buddies followed by new girlfriend and her friend catch ex-girlfriend and new geek boyfriend parking . Geek is beat near death ex-girlfriend is raped and then beaten to death with 2x4 so that she wo n't tell.Ten years later class reunion comes up and then we are taken on a well-known killing tour . Just another cheap revenge movie , no real gore or original killings . The cops are as always clueless and once convinced they are only there to clean up the mess.I give it 2 stars only because some of the acting is ok , and I for one do like revenge movies . It 's worth a watch but only at its cheapest price are even free .
 Definitely a High School film project with all the predictable cliche lines and plot . Nice if you like the junk you used to watch on the Late late late show as a teen .
 I received a notice of some sort , but I have not received the DVD of Short Eyes . It 's hard to rate it at this point .
 this film is in black and white . characters are many , and they have short film appearances for the most part . one doesnt know which side is which most of the time , reds or white !! very haphazard film editing , story line almost impossible to follow . i though most of the people in the dvd were whites , but other reviews say they were reds . i dont think so , which is one reason this is a very confusing movie ... why is was banned in the ussr after it came out i dont really know . dont see why though . . the acting is pretty bad too .
 What a waste of money . I thought this might be a cute short video for my 4 year old grandson , but I found nothing appropriate in this video for young children .
 This a short not a feature length film . This clip is available for free as a bonus with many Pixar DVDs . My kid was very bummed to figure that out .
 great if its free ... but $ 2.99 is a total ripoff for 5 mins of video.Note to self
 This video freezes up at the one minute mark everytime we try to watch it . If we fast forward about halfway in we can watch another 45 seconds then it freezes again . I have not had this problem with any other amazon movies , only this one .
 what a rip off . I didnt see anything that said short movie and I rented it for $ 2.99 It only lasted 5 minutes.How do I get a refundBummed out
 This movie was selected by my 7 year old grandson . Because it ended so quick , I felt that there was an error related to playing it . I was very disappointed when I realized that we paid for something with this short of a runtime .
 I thought I was buying a movie not a preview ! Why would I spend money on a preview so disapointed .
 This would be extremely funny ; however , beware . When they say &#34; Short &#34; they mean short . I was expecting a 15 or 20 minute cartoon . But , I have seen commercial 's longer than this . I can not believe they charged me $ 4.99 for a two minute clip . What a rip off .
 The Incredbles movie is about 1.5 hrs . and is $ 1.99 . This is 5 min . and 2.99 . WOW ! WHAT A DEAL ? Next thing you know , a cup of coffee will be $ 3.00
 Although the Sony Studios designated it as a sequel to director Kevin Bray 's 2004 theatrical feature `` Walking Tall '' with Dwayne ` the Rock ' Johnson , `` The Confidence Man '' director Tripp Reed 's `` Walking Tall
 I do n't understand why they keep making these silly walking tall movies with little or no regard to Sheriff Buford Pusser , the real and only walking tall -LRB- HELLO -RRB- !!!!! Why ca n't someone just remake the REAL TRUE STORY of Sheriff Buford Pusser ??????
 What is wrong with you people ? Kevin Sorbo is good ? Kevin Sorbo is the king of B-Movie garbage and lousy television . Give me a break . If I 'm going to watch an awful sequel to a movie that was awful in the first place with an even lousier actor replacing the lead , I 'll opt for The Substitute 2 and Treat Williams any day .
 A technically poor very old film . Not nearly as funny as the original Monty Python 's Circus on BBC T.V. . It was only somewhat amusing .
 The digital download for this item is much shorter than the DVD run time -LRB- a little over an hour -RRB- . This is n't mentioned anywhere during the purchase process - it appears that only one of the five shows on the DVD are included , but you wo n't know it until the download finishes .
 I had previously owned the 1998 VHS release of The Secret Policeman 's Ball , which was a re-issue of the theatrical UK film of 1980 bearing the same name . The original UK film runtime -LRB- according to sources I find on the internet -RRB- 94 minutes but the version included on this compilation is only 72 minutes . The omitted material includes two Billy Connolly bits , one of which was the song `` My Granny Was A Cripple In Nashville . '' It was for this song -LRB- and * only * for this song -RRB- that I purchased this collection and so it is with great horror that I find that it is not here.It is extremely disingenuous of the distributor not to advertise that these are not the original performances and that some material is not included . Given the advertised bonus material and rare footage I find it quite unfathomable that non-rare footage , namely part of the actual performance which has already seen wide release , was not included . I am not sufficiently familiar with the other shows to say whether they were also edited down , but I fear the worst . It is on the basis of these omissions and fears that I must give this product a very poor rating .
 this follows the same quality of KND which means these kind of drawings were n't made for action sequences . Plus the storyline is completley stupid . The voice actiong is horrible and the action is stipid . Come on Butch , if yoou want to make an action cartoon , at least use comic book drawings that look real instead of unreal cartoons . If you want an action cartton , go buy a japenese cartoon or a movie , not these
 No they cant be the show is good but i hate this Dvd buy other Dvd than spongebob or rocket power Dvd
 These cartoons are designed to destroy childhood . The stories contain nothing of any value . The characters are carefully crafted to destroy your child 's ability to think , empathise , and imagine a world outside of their own . Hence we have a generation of children who are selfish , bratty , and unable to feel for others , and all helped along by Sponge Bob Squarepants , and rubbish like this.Whatever happened to decent children 's programmes ? Here 's a clue
 I am a big horror movie fan , which includes trying to find good B-horror-movies . So , when I tell you that this is undoubtedly the worst `` movie '' I 've ever come across , that 's saying something . Terrible acting , photography that will make you seasick -LRB- one of the hazards of making a lame attempt at a Blair Witch knockoff -RRB- , I do n't even know where to stop with my lamentations ... I will save you an hour of your life by telling you to avoid this thing like the plague . It was as though they 'd given a handheld video cam to a bunch of high school kids and just let them goof off in front of it -LRB- in fact , I think that is exactly what happened -RRB- . Save your time , save your money , and skip this ... thing .
 Wow , I actually paid money for this ! If I have ever purchased a movie and complained about it then this one takes the number one slot ! Keep your money in your pocket .
 This is definitely one of the strangest superhero movies I 've ever seen . Daryl -LRB- Damon Wayans -RRB- and Kevin -LRB- David Alan Grier -RRB- are two brothers who grew up watching `` Batman '' ... and nothing else except toilet humor is explored with that opening scene.Kevin has grown up to be a writer for a crazed tabloid editor . Daryl , on the other hand , is an inventor who , of course , has dozens of ridiculous gadgets that will somehow pay off ... or will they ? Yes , his tools are creative , but they serve no purpose other than comic relief , which I did n't find funny except for Daryl 's embarassment.Sadly , the two brothers ' grandmother is killed because she works for a City Mayor nominee who ticked off a cliche mobster -LRB- Jon Polito -RRB- . Daryl seeks revenge by dressing up in a ridiculous costume , and using those odd gadgets to fight crime and build a secret hideout -LRB- which I 'm surprised nobody finds since it 's at the end of a train track -RRB- . He dons the name `` Blankman '' ; how he gets this name is most amusing.Let me make this clear - there are some hysterical moments in this movie . The bickering between straight-laced Kevin and wannabe idealist Daryl is side-splitting . In fact , just about every scene with these two together is very funny . The problem with BLANKMAN is that its occasionally dark , dramatic tone does n't fit . For example , Blankman takes a reporter -LRB- Robin Givens -RRB- to his end-of-the-line hideout . Now when these two have a quiet scene together , there 's some strange music that reminds me of a despressed version of Danny Elfman 's EDWARD SCISSORHANDS score . Now take that unusual mood , and mix it with these comedic characters suddenly talking about the world and love . BLANKMAN repeatedly loses momentum with awkward scenes like this.There 's another oddball moment when the Mayor is going to publicly open a bank and asks Blankman to be present for the dedication . But then Polito 's mobster and several thugs chain him up and set off a time-bomb that kills the Mayor , and possibly other people . This Is Not Funny ! The movie is not trying to have a dark sense of humor at all , but instead goes for laughs that seem like they belong in DO N'T BE A MENACE IN SOUTH CENTRAL ... The contrast of tones and themes do n't work . Another case in point , Blankman fights crime on his first night out and confronts a pimp slapping a woman around . Kinda heavy stuff , but woman-beaters are easy to hate , so it 's not too offensive . But Blankman 's genius idea is challenging the pimp to `` Slap me around and call me Susan ! '' The scene is funny , if improbable ... but seeing a woman slapped around and turned into comedic violence feels wrong to me.Maybe I 'm taking this movie too seriously . But I ca n't understand why BLANKMAN did n't just stick to its strengths . The movie is outrageously funny when it takes some jabs at classic superheroism -LRB- Daryl 's inability to face life seriously instead of as a TV show is priceless -RRB- . Why does BLANKMAN have dramatic scenes that are not only misplaced , but also horribly filmed and acted . After reflecting for a while after this flick ended , I concluded that BLANKMAN accidentally ended up trying to be a superhero comedy , an urban drama , and a hip-hop flick . This movie is n't as bad as METEOR MAN or STEEL , but that 's not exactly a compliment.This film is directed by Mike Binder -LRB- THE UPSIDE OF ANGER , THE MIND OF A MARRIED MAN -RRB- , who has a tendency to not establish clear boundaries for the worlds he creates . BLANKMAN is another victim of Binder 's lack of focus . The movie has a serious case of split-personality with no hope of control . I really want to like this because it made laugh hard a few times , but it strikes so many wrong notes that I ca n't quite recommend it .
 A Christmas Tale , `` Un Conte de Noel , '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . This unconventional tale of a dysfunctional family 's agonizingly strained , animosity-filled Christmas reunion was written and directed by Arnaud Desplechin -LRB- My Sex Life ... Or How I Got Into An Argument -RRB- . It was nominated at the Cannes Film Festival for the Palme d'Or Award . The French film , a family comedy / drama , runs two and a half hours , and brings together a starry ensemble cast led by Catherine Deneuve and Mathieu Amalric , with Deneuve 's real - life daughter by Marcello Mastroianni , Chiara Mastroianni.Deneuve -LRB- The Umbrellas of Cherbourg , The Last Metro -LRB- The Criterion Collection -RRB- -RRB- plays Junon , wife of Abel , matriarch of the Vuillard family , which has had more than its fair share of physical , and mental illness , loss , and exile . But she finds herself in need of a bone marrow transplant , so the entire family is forced to come together for the holiday . I 've read somewhere that Deneuve has had some experimental plastic surgery done on her face ; be that as it may , her face is no longer terribly expressive . Amalric -LRB- MY SEX LIFE ... -RRB- plays Henri , middle child and black sheep of the family . Mastroianni -LRB- Towards Zero -LRB- L'Heure Zero -RRB- plays Sylvia , wife of Ivan , the youngest son . The story is told at great length , though not much happens ; there are perhaps more flashbacks than needed . The characters also fairly frequently breach the third wall , addressing the audience directly , a sure way to stop the little action of the film cold.There are people who say that Deneuve and Kristin Scott Thomas are now supporting the French film industry by making Lifetime-type movies , but this sure is n't one . The family smoke and drink like there is no tomorrow , and for them , there may not be . In this film made in 2008 , they smoke even indoors , in rooms where there are children ; they nip at their flasks at inopportune moments , before and while driving . Henri tells a vulgar and inappropriate story at the Christmas dinner table . I 'm glad these people do n't live next door to me .
 I like some French films
 When I downloaded I did n't know that the movie was in a foreign language , I believe French . English was displayed in words throughout the movie , but even so bad plot , terrible acting , bad ending .
 PLEASE AVOID THIS B-O-R-I-N-G and exhausting film like the plague . Believe me , when I tell you , that I , too , was thrilled by the critics ' fabulous reviews and so was looking forward to something exceptional and fascinating . Instead , I thought I would die if it did n't end . That said , I am going to reveal the secret of the film to you , and there is no need for a `` Spoiler Alert ! '' here , because - TA-DA - THERE IS NO SECRET . That 's right . No secret is forthcoming . Nothing is revealed , except the bland dialogue , dull , confused performances , sour faces , tedious haranguing about nothing , bad sets and dowdy clothes . And I need to write something here for the first and last time
 I had to stop watching this about 5 minutes into it . It looks like someone took a video camera to a movie theater to record it . Awful streaming quality . Audio is terrible . This is obviously not a review of the film content itself .
 Might be a good movie to watch by yourself but do n't gather the family thinking that this will be a good holiday movie . Also the movie drags .
 I 'll take a flyer on many French movies - you never know when you 'll run across a delight likeMonsieur IbrahimorI 've Loved You So Long , or outright , blow-you-away classics likeRead My Lips . Unfortunately , ' A Christmas Tale ' falls into neither of those categories . I should have known better
 I only watched this movie because of the above review . I must say this movie was a mess . It dealt with the coming out of two gay brothers ... and it did so with the stereotypical gay flamer that I 'd hope that was pass&eacute; . This movie tried so hard to be funny . . in the end there was nothing funny about it . There are too many characters e.g. Aunt Luciana , the grandmother , the woman at work ... in the end all these characters thrown in for comedic effect fell flat.I can not recommend this movie to anyone .
 Whack cheap imitation of Dave Chappell . You guy 's want more words but I do n't , I figured whack should have done it but let me do as you 've askedGarbage corny goofy . Is that enough for me to submit my review
 Just rented this , the wife gave me an option of this movie and some other movie , I mistakenly picked this . I really have no idea where all these positive reviews come from , the only justifiable reason for giving this movie a positive review would be to lie to yourself and say I did not just waste 2 hours of my life watching this boring , unclimactic , worthless piece of garbage . This movie is sparse with activity , it literally is a movie about a bunch of soldiers walking in the desert , very rarely something happens . I must have walked away for 25 seconds and missed the whole squad get killed or seperated from the CIA operative , I really did n't care to rewind because everything I saw about this movie was boring , simple , and completely idiotic . Another independant boring film with no plot .
 Love it or hate it , The Blair Witch Project is a film that put the `` mature '' back into modern horror . For a few years in the late 1990 's , teeny-bopper fright films like Scream and Urban Legend were the only fear product in theatres , and serious scare pictures seemed to be a dying breed . It was then that this little-independent-film-that-could hit theaters , became a smash hit , and traditional horror was reborn.Since Blair Witch 's success , the directors of that film -LRB- Eduardo Sanchez and Daniel Myrick -RRB- have still mostly kept in the independent realm of filmmaking . Myrick 's new film , The Objective , is a war-set horror tale in the backdrop of Afghanistan . While the elements of Myrick 's debut are here -- a common albeit supernatural setting and minimalist story ambiguity -- this time around the concept is disappointingly much better than the actual film.The Objective 's plot is set a few days after 9/11 and concerns a Special Ops unit that along with one CIA agent , Benjamin Keynes , come across a strange presence during a `` meet and greet '' mission to obtain an interview with a local spiritual leader in a territory occupied by the Taliban . It is believed the interview will help the military earn the trust of the common people in the future deployment . However , the insertion soon turns into something unexpected after they are cut off from outside contact . With dwindling water and supplies , the squad 's numbers begin to shrink due to some unknown force . The question then quickly becomes
 Do n't waste your time on this horrible thing . Please change the rating system to include something lower than one star .
 This movie is like an `` Apocalypse Now '' in the desert , and even has the special military agent with the internal monologue . But in this film they never find `` Colonel Kurtz '' . Ugh .
 An adventure to no where . The producers must have run out film to finish the movie . No ET . No nothing but wasted time watching this horrid movie .
 If you have Amazon Prime it 's free to watch , so nothing to lose except time . Do not pay for this stinker of a movie though , it has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . In fact I have wasted even more time writing these sentences .
 Absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen ! I stayed with it until the end hoping against hope it would get better . I thought it would be a good alien movie or a good futuristic military movie . It was neither . It was just stupid . If you want to watch it anyway , I wo n't spoil the rotten ending for you ...
 The naration in this steaming pile was a total rip off from Apocalypse Now . Do n't waste your time watching this pile .
 I love Si-fi . but this was worse then bad . Lame & boring story & the ending was a huge disappointment . I should have watched paint dry !
 My wife and I are fanatical about scifi . We 'll watch anything . The three star review for this film convinced us to give it a try . It was bad ; worse than bad , actually . I 've never written a movie review in my life , but I felt it was my duty as a fellow human being to save even one other person from watching this . To summarize ... plot
 This movie started out kind of as I expected with average acting but an interesting premise . The more I watched the more into it I got , and in the last minutes of the movie it turned from slightly interesting to absolutely disappointing . I actually thought for a second there was a sequel . If someone understood the end , please let me know , because I did n't .
 This movie goes nowhere . Thank goodness I watched it free with prime . I kept hoping the ending would make the whole movie worth watching but it does n't . The ending does n't tell you anything . watching this movie is a waste of time .
 As an Action / Adventure / Military genre film , this one appeared to have decent potential for the first thirty minutes or so
 This movie does n't deserve a proper review . It had a terrible ending leaving me feeling like I wasted me time .
 My title says it all ... the movie was tolerable until you get to the end and you realize you wasted an hour and a half of your time on a movie with no plot .
 not much to say , you have to see it to really know how bad it is . Sometimes , it is beyond me of how these movies find legit budgets
 Wow , how long can you draw something out and then have nothing happen in the end ? Judging by the description this should have been enjoyable for me .
 I wo n't even bother wasting time with a lengthy review , but unlike the movie I 'll quickly get to the point , with a conclusion.SPOILERS - Soldiers enter the desert with a CIA agent , they get picked off one by one from flashing lights . Once real-world issues such as dehydration set in and the group is minimized from 8 to three people , the CIA agent finally details the most of the story you 'll get from this movie - unknown hostile energy in the desert that will vaporize you . He sees a mirage , flashing lights , ends up in a hospital bed/weird coma . Perhaps it was all in his mind ?! Oh wait , he 's clutching a coin.The end.That pretty much sums up the entire 1hr 30min movie . You 've saved yourself that time and annoyance . Seriously avoid this movie and rate it as low as you possibly can . Amazon , please remove this film !
 interesting premise , fairly incoherent , does n't deliver , I will give the military consultant some credit for some of at the early combat sequences and equipment . . thats all .
 I think the story had potential , but it completely fell apart toward the end . I have n't read all the other reviews , so I do n't know if the cat has been let out of the bag with respect to how this movie ends . I wo n't mention any specifics about the ending . What I will say though is that I was left with the impression that the writers simply did n't know how to end it , so they came up with some totally whacked , nonsensical ending that did not wrap the movie together . As for acting , I 'd give it a 5 out of 10 . I 've seen better , but surely I 've seen worse . Overall though I could only give it two stars b/c the writes completely bombed the ending .
 I give this movie two stars for realism and good acting . Beyond that there is nothing here . Senseless , undefined , nonsense . Waste of time and money .
 Stiff actors , poor plot , boring dialog and a terrible ending . I want my hour and half back , do n't waste your time .
 I ca n't believe a single person gave this more than two stars.First ... what plot ? You know where this is going as soon as the CIA gets involved with a SPEC OPS team.U.S . Spec OpsCIAMystic LocalNo modern communicationUmmmmm ... It took me three nights just to have the patience to watch the whole thing . If it 's not free , do n't do it .
 If you like slow movies without a story line and no ending then this will be 5 stars . If you like movies that keep you entertained and interesting then this is 1 star . I ca n't believe I watched the whole thing . I could not turn it off because I thought surely there is more to this , but there was not more , and then 7 hours later the 90 min movie was over .
 The Objective is supposedly about a Special Forces team sent on a mysterious mission to Afghanistan to investigate what might or might not be a UFO . But let 's be honest
 Movie was bad , not in a good way bad . Story was bad . Acting was bad . Ending was horrible . Nice scenery i guess , is the best i can say .
 Ca n't believe this got 4 stars . Being A low budget movie did n't bother me nearly as bad as the horrible script and ending .
 It 's like eating candy made out of artificial sweeteners . No matter how much you eat you can never be satisfied . It 's just empty calories .
 This movie had no ending . It answers no questions that are raised through out the film . It 's a waste of time .
 I dont know where these good reviews are coming from ... this movie was absolutely senseless . I watched it based on the reviews and was exetremely disappointed.Edit
 This movie was incredibly slow . I fell asleep twice . If you are going to go based on the good reviews , rent it first and decide if you want to buy it . I will do that from now on with these independent films that are rated high . What a let down . The acting was ok , filming was a bit wobbly , and the story was good . What made this real boring was the narration from the main character . They were trying to fill in the blanks . Maybe it would have been worse if they did n't . Overall , I did not like it .
 SPOILER WARNING
 Boring and slow and stupid . If I could rate this movie a minus 5 I would ! Do yourself a huge favor and watch something else .
 I knew from the outstart this was a scifi . The first half of the film did draw me into `` What is the objective ? '' and some good military action , but the second half was very tedious , repetitive and added virtually nothing new . The ending explained nothing and left me with the feeling I had just wasted about an hour and a half without any answers as to what the ending meant . Had the director cut out alot of the shootem up and led the viewer back to Langley , I 'm sure this would have been a good segway to a new TV series . Otherwise , it took a dive over the cliff with Abdul .
 The first few scary scenes of this film are intriguing - not extremely scary , but creepy enough that you 'll want to know what 's happening and why its happening . The team of soldiers sent to the desert are there to figure that out , too . As I watched , I expected that there would be some kind of answer to those questions , but the movie provides very little answers and the ending is pointless.The special effects were pretty good for an indy film , and the acting was also good . Other than that though , there is n't much else good to say about it .
 This movie was engaging until it ended too fast . I have no idea what the ending was supposed portray . I would n't recommend it at all
 The movie is not that good.The journey to the end was * tolerable , but then you get to the end and it does n't make much sense . I mean like was the guy dreaming the whole time or something , or did he get rescued . I 'm not sure ... If you 're bored and you want a movie that does not make a whole lot of sense and you do n't want to watch something that good than this movie is for you .
 This movie earned a 1 star because the 32 -LRB- combined -RRB- 4 and 5 star reviews had to be connected to the film in some way or another . Even for a typical `` B '' movie this one was heavy on cheese . Weak story line with no real explanation at the end = 90 minutes of my life I will not get back . Opening scene they have a Huey flying in the `` Special forces '' team ... low budget is one thing but at least get close to accurate or be clever and never show any aircraft if all you have is something 30 years removed from the timeline of the movie . The `` Special forces '' team -LRB- all but one -RRB- had enough fat on them to disqualify them from humping it up and down ANY mountain anywhere much less in that environment with gear.If this gives you any perspective ... this was the first thing I have written a review on in years of Amazon use . Yes , the movie was bad enough to motivate a review after I was suckered into giving it a chance based upon the high rated reviews . Look elsewhere for entertainment .
 Had potential , initial storyline and fight scenes were ok but it all lead up to nothing in the end . This may be the worst lead actor and movie I haveseen this year . Thank goodness I did n't have to pay for it . You should get paid to watch this movie , it 's that bad !
 I like Sci-Fi but this is one of the most terrible films I have ever seen in my lifetime . At the beginning your wondering where this movie will take you but you never find out . The movie industry should be setting standards about ensuring trailers give you a truer picture of what the movie is really like -LRB- and not just a sting of action getting clips -RRB- making you believe the movie will be great so you go and regret every minute you wasted watching it along with the money you spent to get there . I personally would not recommend this movie to anyone .
 very slow , storyline is weak , photography ok , acting ok , would not recommend wasting time unless it is free and you have time to kill .
 It has an interesting movie , but as things go on it gets more unclear what 's going on . It 's supernatural or aliens ? hard to say the movie never confirms it . The ending falls way short of what I was expecting.It 's slow with a poor ending so dont think as it goes it will get better , it 's not very well written . They make it out like it 's a real story but it 's pure speculation if that is true , the video would have never been let out from the CIA if it was true.We have heard many things rumors about stuff that is alien related in that part of the country with the sumerians etc. . . but this movie is not going to blow anyones skirt up . I give it 2 stars as the quality of the film is pretty good , just the plot sucks and does n't sell what viewers are wanting to.Not very well written .
 Do n't waste your time . The ending did n't explain anything for me . Maybe if you know a little about the `` myths '' they talk about in the movie you may find some entertainment in that , but even then the movie does n't delve deep enough into the characters or plot for anyone to really care . Not to mention there was no action at all . The movie does move at a pace that kept me interested in seeing and learning more , but it was like they ran out of ideas ... and money ... and ended it abruptly . Ok if it were a made for TV series , and this was just part 1 , but a horrible movie in a whole .
 I wish I had read the reviews for this movie before I lost 90 minutes of my life to it . I gave it two stars , because the production was OK and that saved it from one star . The plot really was fairly meaningless with little to no character development . The latter is a must if you are going to make a drawn out film that really has no ending that ties the whole effort together in some way . Otherwise it is just a bunch of stuff that just happened . So at the end of the day , the `` mystical '' , lack-luster ending left me feeling empty and also left me feeling that my time would have been better spent people-watching at the mall for an hour and a half .
 The CIA already knows what 's going on and sends a black ops team out to find the aliens that they already know about . The movie is just a lot of walking through the Afghan desert with the occasional encounter with terrorist fighters and bright flood lights that can kill . There is no true conclusion to the story , so we can only hope that if they make a part two its more about the aliens and less about the scenery . Worth watching if you do n't care about not seeing anything interesting and being left hanging .
 I have to say this was the worst movie I have watched in years.I am a big scifi fan and this was not even close to a good movie .
 What a bad movie a waste of time . No ending . It has a really bad semi sci-fi story if you can call it a story .
 I wish I had read some of the reviews before I rented this one . I had really wanted to see this movie when it came out on rental and all I can say is , `` One big disappointment '' . The sad part about all of this is it had the makings of a pretty good movie . So much more could have been done with this . It kept getting harder and harder to watch and the ending though I understood it could have been much better as well . So , I will be sure the next time to read the reviews and ask some friends before I rent another movie ever .
 This incomprehensible mess is a waste of your time , even if streaming for free . No storyline and terrible acting make for a very bad film .
 This movie starts off with an interesting premise , but quickly wanders into a no man 's land of characters and events that have little explanation and no logical conclusion . I found myself not caring what happenned to the characters as long as something happenned . If you bother watching the movie you will find that nothing ever does happen . I am a Prime member so I watched the movie for Free ... it was not worth the price of admission .
 Did they REALLY expect us not to notice that they used a Vietnam era UH-1 helicopter in the desert of Afghanistan post 9-11 ? I watched this all the way through to see where it was going but it ended up going off into some 60 's style psychedelic mess ... I guess that 's where they got the Huey . Their so-called special forces unit bears no resemblance to an actual military unit with squad members asking , `` You sure that 's a good idea Chief , '' almost every time they 're given an order . And special forces do NOT shoot randomly into the air at an enemy that nobody can see ... I hope . The `` special effects '' could have been done on my laptop from 20 years ago and likely were . There was no real explanation of who or what they were encountering in the desert and they showed zero survival instinct after getting lost without provisions . Other than that I really liked it .
 I could n't agree more with the most negative review . The ending is ... what ? I ca n't even think what to say about it ! I felt I wasted an hour and a half of my life , and only have a bad taste in my mouth to show for it . Do n't waste YOUR time on this one ! It not only goes nowhere , it never went anywhere , either !
 If you want to make 90 minutes feel like 5 hours watch this movie.It was all over the place with time travel and aliens and it never resolved anything.extremely slow and drawn out with no real plot .
 Do not watch this movie at all , even if you are just looking for a way to kill time . There are plenty of other low-budget films out there with at least minimal entertainment value . This movie is not one of them . I 'm not exaggerating when I tell you this film is simply terrible and a complete waste of time . Even by Amazon rating standards , this film is horrible . This was the worst movie I 've seen in years . I would give it zero stars if that were possible . I normally do n't write any reviews for Amazon , but I had to make an exception in this case . This film is an insult to everyone who enjoys a good movie .
 I had high hopes for this movie . The premise seemed promising . However , it turned out to be another mediocre effort from another `` Hollywood '' political lefty . Myrick attempts to display his disdain for America by portraying an `` arrogant -LSB- United States -RSB- military '' in their quest to find - well , we 're not sure . If you can find this film in the cut-out bin , or for less than $ 5 , I say why not buy it if you like to see a promising idea be bastardized by a guy who evidently just does n't like America . By the way , Myrick himself makes these statements in his interview contained in the DVD Bonus Features .
 ... I 'm a big noir buff , but come on ! This film is unwatchable .
 I was extremely disappointed when this dvd arrived and I saw that it was a copy.I was further disappointed when it would n't play in any of my dvd players.When it would n't even play on my computers dvd player I opened up the disk through ` My Computer ' and saw that whoever made the copy did n't even bother putting the video files together in order to allow it to be played.I clicked a few of the individual files to get an idea of what the video is like , and if it would be worth the effort to combine the files myself with DVD Decrypter , or something similar , but it really did n't look interesting enough for the effort.I really ca n't believe Amazon is allowing this to be sold through them .
 Production values are better than the average SciFi channel movie , but not by much . The acting is somewhat believable in places , but the plot is predictable and highly implausible .
 This is a truly awful movie . It is on a par with the SyFy Saturday movies that no one watches , the only difference being that this is excessively gory with no reason but to make the viewer flinch at the gore . There is zero suspense as the plot churns along its predictable course . Best advice , skip this movie !
 You get the military geeks playing tron
 Did you ever have one of those dreams where nothing makes sense , the dialog is poorly written and the acting is terrible ? If you have n't , now 's your chance to see what it 's like . A group of drug using young but successful techy types use inexplicable technology in inexplicable ways . Hijinks ensue when a ghost starts killing people . Attempts are made at a plot . It does n't turn out too well.To the writer 's credit , the premise is fairly creative . Unfortunately , the execution flops in every dimension . The best thing about it ? The same best thing about Transformers - Rachael Taylor . She would make a movie about needlepoint worth watching .
 Other reviewers have already spoken about the poor acting , dialog , sound , etc.After a slow beginning the movie launched into the `` horror '' sequence . Honestly tough the entire thing was kinda unexciting , failing to build tension or provide any sort of redeeming qualities . And honestly how do they decide to split up . That completely defeats the purpose of squad based combat . Anyways , mostly predictable and overplayed , this is a must skip .
 Play a game where `` THE FINAL LEVEL IS MURDER '' . I 'm not sure how much of a point I can possibly make reviewing this product , when the product 's own blurb says more than any review could ever cover.The setting : Remote facility ? Check.The phrase `` post-9 / 11 '' ? Check.Terrorists ? Check.The premise : Violent computer game ? Check.Stupid but good-looking teens ? Check.Undead spirit ? Check.Seriously , what else is the to say ? If you 've been alive in the past decade , you 've seen or heard about this movie dozens of times before in various forms . There 's absolutely nothing new here , and the execution is worse than normal due to being such a low-budget production.If you 're looking for an exceedingly stupid movie for a fun `` Mystery Science Theater '' type night with friends , you could do -LRB- not much -RRB- worse , so borrow this copy from a friend , but do n't pay for it even then . For any other purpose , this product should come with warning labels . May induce sleep - do not take if operating heavy machinery .
 I 've seen plenty worse movies in my life , but Ghost Machine ranks as one of the worst I have seen all year . The acting is actually better than the material , but that 's not really saying much at all . Rachel Taylor -LRB- Transformers -RRB- is at least easy to look at and she has a sexy Australian accent , but that alone does n't save us from the boring story . Even the kills and villain are lame . I actually thought this film had potential in a low budget sense at first , but it just went on and on with not much excitement . I 'll be nice and round up to two stars out of five .
 Ghost Machine is the latest in a line of gory cyber-horrors that is expected to cater to both horror fans and gamers alike . Coming from across the pond , Ghost Machine revolves around military video game techs Tom -LRB- Never Back Down 's Sean Faris -RRB- and Vic -LRB- The Mummy
 `` Ghost Machine '' is a pretty typical `` people running around in a dark house getting killed '' movie . The two most interesting things about it are :1 -RRB- A lot of the action takes place in a virtual reality setting .2 -RRB- It 's a UK production -LRB- Northern Ireland -RRB- , so people have accents.Other than that , there 's nothing here that you have n't seen before . Also , as is typical of British production , the plot development and action move much more slowly than in US films . It takes a long time for anything to get going , and then it does n't go very quickly.I `` watched '' this movie while I was working . It made good visual wallpaper , but I do n't think it would have held my interest if I have been giving it my full attention .
 I tend to love bad horror , but Ghost Machine is n't a `` So bad it 's good '' movie . Rather , it 's a `` so bad it 's BAD '' movie.The plot of the movie revolves around the ghost of a terrorist -LRB- Cyber-terrorist to be exact -RRB- getting into a combat training simulator and killing people within the game , and thus killing them in real life . This once original idea has been so overused over the past thirty years , that one has to wonder if there is any blood to squeeze from that stone anymore . Most of these films are pretty bad , likeStay Alive - The Director 's Cut -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , Hellraiser - Hellworldor the American remake ofPulse -LRB- Unrated Widescreen Edition -RRB- . However there are some very well done films with this theme as well , such asPulse , From Beyond -LRB- Unrated Director 's Cut -RRB- or evenThe Signal -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- . Sadly Ghost Machine is definitely one of the worst films in the `` Spectre Meets Technology '' theme that I 've ever seen.First of all is the acting . This is definitely a poorly acted film , which the `` stars '' of the movie being C level actors at best . I mean , when one of your big stars is the female lead in the American remake ofShutter -LRB- Widescreen -RRB- -LRB- Unrated Edition -RRB- , you know you have a stinker on your hands.Next up is the plot . Although in theory the idea of an undead ghost terrorist haunting a British equivalent of Guantanamo Bay is a good one , this was handled pretty poorly , such as the ghost somehow transforming from being a female tech nerd into a super powerful killing machine wielding a chain with a hook at the end of it like DC Comic 's Lobo was a bit hard to swallow . The movie also suffered from some weird issues such as this army team of like four people being a joint venture between Americans , the British and the Australians . Action Force this was not . The two twists of `` Is the bad guy dead yet '' were really obvious and ones I was able to call before the movie was halfway done . This was a totally paint by numbers film without any real creativity or character development , relying on only the most cliche of horror movie storytelling aspects.Although this is n't the worst film I 've seen Anchor Bay put out -LRB- That would beStan Helsing -RRB- , it was definitely a film I could n't recommend to anyone for any reason . If you 're really curious about seeing this waste of 92 minutes , I suggest Netflixing it . Otherwise , stay away from this clunker .
 This feels like a SciFi -LRB- well , SyFy -RRB- special . It 's pretty boring , lacks suspense , and does n't have very high production values . I 'd recommend you skip this one .
 I do n't mind seeing the same movie done over and over again , IF each iteration adds something new and exciting to the original or the genre . While I certainly do n't consider copy-cat films to be anything great , they can at least be good , and in some cases , perhaps an improvement on the original . This was not the case with Ghost Machine , a poorly made reboot -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- of an overdone haunted location genre , with tremendously poor writing and acting to boot.I need to specifically point out Sean Faris , who plays the obligatory American in the UK , whose job includes stealing his own equipment for fun , and being a generally shady operative for the US Government . His character 's name is Tom ; Sean looks a lot like Tom Cruise ; these two facts are not unrelated . He tries to actually play the part as a cool-cucumber Cruise , with random sparks of Jerry Maguire , and not a little bit of Eyes Wide Shut mental breakdown . It fails monumentally on so many levels . I do n't like tearing down anyone , but this was just a pathetic performance all around . Wait until you learn about his ` secret mission ' -LRB- not all that secret -RRB- towards the end ... it 's laughably epic.The rest of the cast hold their own , I suppose , and honestly the acting -LRB- beyond Faris -RRB- really is n't that bad . I had trouble understanding at times , but the subtitles cleared that up right away . Sorry to everyone living in the UK , but I really just ca n't always make out a Cockney accent . Which reminds me , the audio track did little to differentiate itself from other movies of the genre . Not at all.The basic premise is that the government of some UK state -LRB- never really revealed , but I believe it is supposed to be Ireland -RRB- is developing a high-tech training program that operates on a deeper level of virtual reality than we typically think of -LRB- when we think of VR -RRB- . This supposedly taps into the frontal lobe and makes reality seem less real and the VR program seem almost entirely real . Sparky Jess , the only female in the troupe , costs the virtual platoon its life while mistaking a suicide bomber for a hostage , and clich&eacute;d Sgt. Taggert -LRB- not even an original name ! -RRB- gives her all kinds of grief ... all kinds . Again , it 's pretty clich&eacute; and overdone . You can literally follow this plot without the use of a map.Anyway , so , the authority-ridiculing American takes his buddy , his equipment , a full-time gamer , and copious amounts of pot to a former prison to further conduct experiments on the system under the guise of making it a computer game . I 'll leave the plot alone from there , but you can pretty much guess the rest from the setup given thus far in the film . I will say this , though ; the characters do nothing to make the story any more original or even enjoyable . Stock acting , boring dialogue , shoddy effects , and a poorly written script made this feature entirely forgettable . How many more times do we need to see the same old , `` It was built on an ancient Indian burial ground '' film ? Okay , not quite THAT clich&eacute; , but darn close!All I ask is that if you 're going to rehash an already rehashed plot , and try to set it in a more modern era , do a better job of convincing me that it 's different . I do n't need a constant twist ending , but think about the dialogue first . Consider carefully your actors -LRB- and director -RRB- . Above all , do not fall into the trap of mediocrity and lackluster efforts to simply slap something together that might or might not make money . Oh , and with your CGI effects , please do n't go with the lowest bidder ! -LRB- They were n't the worst I 've ever seen , but they were far from good -RRB- . As for the ending , if you did n't see it coming , then you are new to this kind of film , and you should n't have a problem with it . If you 've seen your share of horror/haunting films as I have , believe me , you can tell they just wanted to finish this thing up as quickly as possible and throw it out on the shelves . I was highly disappointed all around and would not recommend this film to anyone . The actors -LRB- aside from the aforementioned Faris -RRB- , however , I would recommend , as they somehow managed to survive this snore-fest unscathed . Okay , Taggert -LRB- Richard Dormer -RRB- could probably have done a better job , too .
 I wont list the plot as so many other reviewers will already have. , just give you my opinion on watching it . When I first heard about this movie I thought wow that 's going to be cool . I was disappointed , although it was an interesting concept it never quite got off the ground . It was over 20 minutes into the movie before it even got interesting for me , but never delivered on the science , the fear , nor did I have any connection with the characters . Although I did like the acting of Luke Ford and Sam Corry , their characters were believable . I do n't think it was completely a waste of time but would I watch it again ? No .
 Despite having at least some potential for a good story -LRB- the way its described in the interview with the main writer of this film -RRB- we basically wind up with a poor cousin of the spookier kind . Even given that the writer Sven Hughes makes some reference to the EXISTENZ film , but traces the genesis of his idea ten years before to a scientist who experimented with religious experience inducing techniques ; we also have a poor cousin of Poltergeist where the Ghost is not even as spooky as one could hope for , and the ending is as lame as three legged donkey.Admittedly , some cool gear is used , however , the cool gear is countermanded by some immensely boring sequences where we discover things , and we `` get scared '' ... well no not really , a few good chills start to develop , but it feels like some editor or censor thought better of the idea . Even OPEN GRAVES is spookier than this film , and thats because Eliza Dushku is in it .
 I did n't have huge expectations for the film in the first place -- and my expectations were wrong . It was even worse than I thought.In the first 30 minutes , it 's very unclear what 's even going on . Sure , it has something to do with the military in the UK/Ireland , but it takes some time to understand the plot of teens creating some sort of VR game in an abandoned prison . Things start to get violent , and we start to see a Matrix-esque scenario where folks get `` plugged in '' to this virtual world . The film jumps back and forth so many times its unclear how certain things are happening -- such as how one character gets serious physical injuries.The last third of the movie finally has some tense and interesting moments , but there are still are times when you feel just like fast-forwarding . And yet the ending still is n't satisfying . In terms of special effects -- do n't expect much more than explosions.Due to this violence level it might appeal to those who enjoy violent first person shooter games -- and those folks might also understand the plot better than I have . I do n't think this ever showed up at a movie theatre -- but it might as well just be shown on some horror network on cable . A waste of 100 minutes for me .
 I wanted to like this film , but right from the start it was boring , clich&eacute; , and failed to hook me.The basic story is `` military brats steal military virtual simulator software that interfaces directly with your brain , and things go haywire when they try to use it . `` I really ca n't much recommend this movie . I 'd hoped it would be something worthwhile , futuristic , cyberpunk , etc. . But , it was n't . It was the same story that 's been told a hundred times , with about 90 of them being better than this pile.If you want a good cyberpunk story , try Avalon , Existenz , or better yetThe Thirteenth Floor -LRB- a truly great flick -RRB- . Not feeling this one , unfortunately .
 I was n't expecting so much from this film and base on the cover art -LRB- who does really -RRB- and it 's plot listed on the back , one 's first assumptions would be that this film , is directly in the vein of a film of certain films . But as this turns out , `` Ghost Machine '' turned out to be fairly decent but my husband thought otherwise.While you watch this you can tell that it 's a small production , with no big sets and a small cast , as it stays primarily in one location throughout . But with this said , the film has some pretty good special effects to create the computer simulations and such , which is where I 'm guessing that most of the budget went to - however it works in the film 's favor . The acting was n't spectacular , but the cast does , do its job of creating civilized characters . The top billed cast members ; Sean Faris Rachael Taylor and Luke Ford do with their roles the best that they can , especially Faris and a less featured Taylor , who always seems to be stuck with less prominent roles like `` Transformers , '' but still somehow manages to make an impression.For a film shot with a limited budget and no real big names in its cast , `` Ghost Machine '' is a surprisingly decent flick . Sure , like all limited-budget films it has its flaws , but it is actually a decent film with a decent plot . If you are into horror films that involve virtual killers and where technology is man 's enemy , then you might want to check this one out .
 GHOST MACHINE commits the number one mistake as far as I 'm concerned , in that throughout the course of the movie , the filmmakers failed to give me even one sympathetic character with whom to identify , or even care if they lived or died . If I had actually tried to watch this film on commercial television , AND had to put up with countless ad breaks , I probably would have given up on it . However , watching it on DVD without any interruptions -LRB- aside from those of my own making -RRB- , GHOST MACHINE was sort of watchable.If the truth be known , I probably would be tempted to give this movie two and a half stars , as after a near snooze-fest of a first half , the second half proved to be considerably better . There was even a half-hearted attempt at a `` twist '' near the end , which telegraphed itself from a mile away . But at least it was an attempt . Unfortunately , Amazon does n't allow us half-stars in our ratings . Plus I 'm not feeling very generous , and the film did ultimately prove to be rather disappointing , so I 'm rounding down rather than up.Still , I would be willing to give this movie another look . It did have some interesting ideas , some creepy moments , and overall was executed semi-competently . Perhaps after a second viewing I would be feeling more charitable , and might be willing to upgrade it - or not . I 'm not sorry I watched it . It 's not one of those `` I wish I had those 90 minutes of my life back '' type movies , at least not to me . Gosh knows I 've seen more than my share of THAT sort of film.Bottom line . There are far worse movies out there . If you 're in the right mood , and are n't feeling terribly demanding of the quality of your entertainment , you could certainly do worse than GHOST MACHINE . Just go in with low expectations , and you might come away somewhat entertained - or at least amused .
 `` Ghost Machine '' takes place in a simulated game . A group of young military computer technicians decide to borrow a combat simulator for a weekend of unauthorized videogaming . When alcohol and drugs join the party , caution goes out the window and the system is set up inside an abandoned prison used for the torture of post-9 / 11 prisoners . The plot takes a sinister turn when a mysterious entity uploads itself into their software , making escape impossible . We thus have a variation on that terror film ingredient , the Horror of Claustrophobia -- innocents trapped in a horrific situation , trying desperately to figure a way out . The first 20 to 30 minutes are extremely slow going -- a quality fans of horror sci-fi will not appreciate . The actors are merely adequate , and the story becomes overly familiar and tedious . Nothing about the movie is particularly fresh or memorable . It 's mildly entertaining , but short on characterization , suspense , and surprises . Strictly a B movie , `` Ghost Machine '' takes itself very seriously . A bit of humor might have made the characters more lifelike .
 This is a made for DVD horror movie , about a group `` borrowing '' an experimental Army Virtual Reality system for a weekend of gaming in a haunted prison . I do like the idea behind the story , the VR device puts you into a `` Waking Dream '' state and that is where the ghosts are.Unfortunately , this good idea is buried under tons of bad acting , bad writing and poor FX . And I mean SyFy movie of the week bad . I do n't know why some script writers think using swearing as punctuation for every sentence is a good idea , but it just comes off as something only people in movies do.Overall , if you are snowed in and need something to pass the time , it 's OK . But do n't expect much .
 OK . So if you are incredibly bored , this movie will at least fill 92 minutes of your time . I tend to like bad horror movies because you can laugh at them . But this one has no humor , even the unintended kind . The plot has been way overused . If you can see anything original in it , you obviously have been eyesight than I do . The acting is about what you 'd expect in the average low-end B movie . Watch it if you feel the need , but do n't say I did n't warn you .
 I wanted to fall asleep during the first half hour or so of this movie . Not only is it boring there is just nothing original or unique about it . There are several scenes with badly done CGI , and others where the screen is almost black and you have no clue what is going on with the discombobulated storyline.About the only redeeming quality in this movie is Sean Farris and Rachel Taylor 's acting . Both are excellent , especially when they are dealing with this storyline .
 Hello everyone - I 'll try to save you the pain of watching this movie by describing my experience with it.There are 5 movie trailers at the start of the disc from Anchor Bay Entertainment , before the main menu even comes up . You 'll have to watch closely , because you can only watch them once : -LRB- 1 -RRB- A Nu Image film with Christian Slater called Lies & Illusions , which looked just as enthralling as `` My Own Worst Enemy '' . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Millennium Films advertises a movie with Sharon Stone , Val Kilmer , and `` 50 Cent '' called Streets of Blood . Yawn . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Indigo Motion 's horror movie `` Grace '' looked interesting and even had a quote from Variety recommending it - in all honesty , this one looked pretty good . -LRB- 4 -RRB- STAN HELSING ?!? I 'd rather gouge out my eye with a Tinkertoy stick than watch that movie again . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Red Mist - this one is by Generator Entertainment . From the trailer , it combines story elements of `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' and `` Shocker '' - YIKES.Without further ado , let 's jump right into the plot of Ghost Machine : The movie starts out with a hooded woman getting taken to a prison - we 're not really sure why since no one has any lines . Flash forward to nine years later , we see a crack team of commandoes performing a military exercise and before you can say Napoleon Blownapart , they all get killed ... but do n't worry , it 's just a virtual reality simulation!After this , the group of tech guys decide to get together for Geeks Night Out - `` extreme '' gaming in a -LRB- supposedly -RRB- haunted prison with beer , marijuana , hard alcohol and enough virtual weaponry to invade a 3rd world country . What could possibly go wrong with this?Ummm ... yeah . I do n't think I need to explain that something goes horribly awry -LRB- I wish it was a power outage so I did n't have to watch the rest of this movie -RRB- . It turns out the prison is indeed haunted by a ghostly female presence who uses weapons that you 'd probably find at Ghost Rider 's garage sale . They try to stop her , secrets are revealed , yaddah yaddah yaddah , and then mercifully the credits roll.The story is n't that great , so let 's move on to the cast : Rachael Taylor
 This is the first DVD that Amazon Vine has ever offered me ... and I was thrilled that it was horror . I should have known by the fact that I 've never heard of it , that it was a B movie at best . Now I love my B movies ... but usually they have a high cheese factor that I enjoy.Short Summary - Some geeky army computer dudes have a sort of simulator that they decide to take to a haunted jail on their day off to play sim-army . But a ghostie gets in the machine and seeks revenge.Poor Acting , poor dialog , bad makeup and editing , are all forgivable in your standard B movie ... but what is NOT forgivable is the dullness of the whole film . Sure the costumes looked like they came from the Halloween emporium and the guns were amusing at best , the textures were wrong and the men had on more makeup then the women ... all of that is tolerable as well in a B movie ... but what makes this movie sink as a B film -LRB- because it 's certainly not an A list -RRB- is the fact that it is to drawn out in the wrong parts ... namely the boring parts last too long and the exciting parts are too sparse.Script - CPlot - BActing - CDirecting - FFun Factor - CPacing - FIf you catch it on the SyFy Channel you might as well watch it but do n't expect much from it . I would n't pay to see this .
 In the kinder , gentler Army of the future , the military gets a hold of what appears to be the next generation of full immersion , cyber-reality gaming . After a quick demonstration in which a female Special Forces soldier - Jess -LRB- Rachael Taylor -RRB- - gets virtually blown up , the system gets shut down for the night . With connections inside a decrepit prison , the boys head off for a night weekend of gaming debauchery . Beer , booze , and a setting where former terrorists were allegedly tortured sets the stage for a night of gaming that makes the combination of Halo , Call of Duty , and Soldier of Fortune look like Pong.Replete with motion detector sensors that allow the system to digitally map the prison rooms into a virtual combat zone , and modifiable like the hacked versions of Doom , the game can potentially translate dream or virtual actions into reality . Bad sign number one . When annoying computer tech Tom -LRB- Sean Faris -RRB- `` accidentally '' uploads an `` anomaly '' into the system , and fails to inform the others that the sim-combat program has more bugs than the first release of Windows Vista , the terror threat level goes from `` Severe - Red '' to a much worse `` Oh Snap ! - Purple . '' Bad sign number two.The setting and pacing are fairly well done , even though the sensor setup nearly destroyed the first act . The battle simulations are intense . Along with a few torture scenes , head shots galore create a good blend of blood splatter and action . Being inside the game is portrayed in an exhilarating manner , even though the concept of virtual reality to that level has been explored ad nauseum , and a computer ghost has been donepoorlybefore -LRB- twice -RRB- . Unfortunately for this film , however , none of the characters are likeable and only Rachael Taylor displays talent that does n't require a CTRL-ALT-DELETE . Faris in particular is bad , in his poor man 's Ben Affleck impersonation -LRB- you read that right -RRB- , taking the theme of the movie a bit too far with his binary range of emotions - mostly zeroes.A predictable ending rounds out the action on this somewhat clich&eacute;d , unoriginal , horror sci-fi time waster . Hardcore sci-fi fans and gaming junkies may enjoy this , but most others will probably be disappointed.Jason Elin
 This premise of this movie was rather simpleton , notwithstanding this simplistic movie was surrounded by unnecessary and lagging plot devices . It also seemed like two or three movies smashed together , say `` The Lawnmower Man '' and any `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' movie , with a dash of `` Rambo '' . The plot is that a bunch of friends who are serving in the British military -LRB- I am pretty darn sure it was British since everyone in the film , save Sean Faris , had a British accent -RRB- meet up in a condemned prison in order to enjoy some realistic virtual reality gaming . Well matters become rather complex when people begin dying in real life after they meet their demise in the game by a ghost.The movie had more things going against it , than for it . To start off with , the first forty-five minutes are painfully slow and not engaging at all . I almost turned the flick off more than once . Albeit the second half was n't too bad , but by the time it came , I did n't care . Most of this movie took place in a condemned prison . So if a place is condemned , would there be a need for a guard ? Well in this movie the guard happens to be one of the center characters and lets most of the military friends in so they could play their game.The main characters are Sean Faris , the only character with an American accent and looks a lot like a young Tom Cruise , Luke Ford who is a little better than his nauseating performance in the `` The Mummy
 My Illusion is shattered . After scores of orders from Amazon , I got a real dud . Looks like this is VCRd from televison -LRB- maybe even French television -RRB- . This is such a poor recording that it is not really viewable . If I could give it less than 1 star it would get it . And yes , it was returned . That was the only good thing about this transaction .
 i was all hyped for this movie , had a game of Uno going and was thinking about watching this film and getting down with some Bar B Que Chitlins and honey roasted Pigs feet . well the food turned out Alright , but this corny take on the classic films of the 70 's felt generic and robotic . it had a couple of aight parts with a sneeze of a Laugh here and there , but overall this film was a real Jive Turkey with no slice of turkey and alot of stale ole Mayo.i wanted to get into it . the good news about this turkey of a film , is that i won my Uno game because the tiredness of the film made eyeballs start to fall asleep as I kept saying Uno , but this film was a tacky turkey .
 I fail to see why people say that this movie was funny . It was n't . Sure it was a 100 % spot on portrayal of a 70 's blaxplotation movie . The costumes , dialect , style and original music was excellent.I just did not find this funny at all . It seems people found the humor in the fact that it just mimmicked an old movie . However , the movie did n't have anything funny.Let see
 Terrible , terrible , terrible movie . I thought this movie would be a funny blaxploitation satire . I did n't find anything about it that made me laugh . I did n't even mind the bad acting which is what I expected -LRB- the movie was made with an extremely low budget -RRB- . I 'm surprised Tommy Davidson and Arsenio Hall -LRB- both fine comic actors -RRB- agreed to appear in this movie . It must have been out of charity . There were two Mr. Big 's . This first Mr. Big popped up and then quickly disappered with no explanation and then the second Mr. Big -LRB- Richard Nixon -RRB- popped up later . Michael Jai White 's comic timing is way off . If you want to see a good blaxploitation satire you 're better off watching I 'm Gon na Git You Sucka . Do n't waste you money on this one .
 I was n't expecting this movie to be great , but it 's much worse than I thought it would be . It 's so uninspired , from the borrowed dialogue to the poor acting and plot . The only things they get right are the authentic 70 's look and music , but the same musical numbers are re-used too many times and placed in the wrong spots . The fight scenes are the most exciting aspect of this sham , and even those get old after the 2nd or 3rd one -LRB- the final fight sequence with a fictitious Nixon got a few chuckles out of me -RRB- . If you 're contemplating buying or even renting this movie , spend your money on the soundtrack instead . You 'll get a lot more mileage out of it than this waste of a dvd .
 I grew up in that 70 's era of the blaxploitation movies and that did not scratch the surface for me . Sure the clothes the hairstyles and the sets was a good description but the great blaxploitation heroes and heroines fought for serious issues that was going on in the black community and I am very sure it had nothing to do with a presidential conspiracy to shrink the black males genitals either .
 I 'm a big fan of 70 's Blaxploitation films , but you do n't have to be to hate this . It was one of the most idiotic movies I have seen in a long time.African action legend Black Dynamite goes after ` The Man ' for killing his brother Jimmy , for pumping heroin into local orphanages and for flooding the ghetto with hopped-up malt liquor.It 's just so cliched and dumb . So it 's acceptable for a black person to use racial slurs against white people as long as its in a comedy huh ? And to shoot honkeys in the -LSB- blank -RSB- ? There was no moment in this movie where I completely lost my serious face.I did n't laugh once in the theater , maybe just once but that was at a fat lady who had fallen out of her chair in the theater.Pretty awful movie and it 's a shame you can watch this film in Germany .
 The idea behind this to do a blaxploitation flick in this century is righteous , my brutha . The problem is someone forgot to pay a decent scriptwriter . The movie looks fantastic and captures that whole '70s B movie feel -LRB- even the obvious on purpose boom mics in scenes -RRB- . The afros are tremendous . The dialogue at times right on , sista.I just found the whole movie as slow as Fred Sanford walking in his yard . Plus where are the laughs ? I just found it fell incredibly flat.The trailer is what sold me on renting the DVD . Do n't be fooled . The trailer is all it has going for it . Stick with the original '70s movies of the genre.Extras have a making of , commentary track and that 's about all , my man .
 I guess its saving grace is the obvious put-on . It is sort of fun to pick up on the mistakes made on purpose , like exposed microphones being part of the scene , but , would I spend money to see it again ? No , a resounding NO .
 I expected a little more from this movie . They did a pretty good job recreating the look and feel of a 1970s movie , but it just never quite makes the grade as a finished product . I wo n't give any of it away , but there are some good scenes , while others are just too staged , drawn out , or over the top .
 This is a very factual account of Eric Liddell 's life , but there are better accounts out there . A bit dry to follow .
 But it was n't . Yeah it 's weird and I appreciate that , but I think you should be prepared before watching it by knowing that it has absolutely no plot what so ever . At least gummo has some sort of story . I could barely finish watching this movie , do n't waste your time with it .
 I am someone who truly loves film of art . This is not it . It is a crap movie with absolutely no charactor development , no plot , no purpose and no direction With cheap visual effects such as high gain on the cameras to give it a B.S. grainy feel to the over saturation of color in post , this movie just blew ! If you watch this movie all the way through , make sure there are no loaded weapons in the room . You 'll want to use it on yourself ! -5 stars and sucking .
 The trouble with reviewing films like this is that there is the pretentious crowd that think if you do n't like it , then you do n't understand it . I liken this group to soccer fans . Even though their `` sport '' is boring , overlong , dull , and structurally unsound , the fans look down on anyone who does n't like it.This film , like most in the Dogme 95 style , is a lot like the previously stated view of soccer . The arthouse crowd will be all over it because it uses no artificial lighting , costumes , etc. and they are smarter than you and I because they like it . In reality , however , it seems after viewing this film that a 14-year-old got a bunch of his buddies together and pieced together different incoherent scenes with a couple of digital cameras and hidden video.I have to give this crowd credit , because it seems that they can slap anything on film , give it a pretentious name like `` Dogme 95 '' and get away with it because if you do n't like it , then you just are n't smart enough to `` get it '' . I think I will make a Dogme 95 movie . The next time I need to have a bowel movement , I will take along the old Sony Handycam . I wo n't use any artificial light , except for the bathroom 60-watt halogen , and film it from beginning to end . I will film lots of close-ups and hold the camera at weird angles to really call myself a `` filmmaker '' . If you do n't like my movie , then you just do n't understand it . Please pass the green tea and the organic cucumber slices , I have a tree hugging meeting at 4:30 .
 I do n't have much to say about this film other than that it is extremely bizarre , disjointed , mostly incoherent , and surreal . At times its almost as if it was filmed in the attempt to show the world through a skitzophrenic 's eyes . Werner Herzog plays this creepy , gas mask wearing lisping father who tries to pay his son ten dollars to dress up like his dead mother and dance with him . That , for me , was the highlight of the entire movie . The rest of the film is difficult to pay attention to as the camera follows Julien throughout his day as he goes to work as an aid to blind people -LRB- watch out for the blind black albino -RRB- , goes ice skating , pretends an almost completely incoherent conversation between Hitler and God , wrestles with a brother that is almost pathologically obsessed with `` winning '' because of a father who constantly degrades him by treating him like a loser , and spirals further and further into madness . Although , `` Julien Donkey-Boy '' seems to be plotless during the first ten to twenty minutes of this strange film , it certainly follows a linear story , but is sowildly disjointed and interspersed with so many random camera tricks and surreal scenes that I found myself beginning to daydream throughout the duration of the movie . `` Julien Donkey-Boy '' is not an enjoyable movie to watch and seems to have been made entirely for `` art 's '' sake . Abstract , nihilistic , and not in any way as good as `` Gummo , '' -LRB- in fact , I liked `` Kids '' more than this film and I was n't that impressed by that movie either -RRB- , `` Julien Donkey-Boy '' is only a film for those who liked boring and poorly done `` art '' films such as `` Begotten . ''
 When you watch this movie you are suppose to see the effects of schizophrenia on family life . YOU ARE N'T SUPPOSED TO FEEL SCHIZOPHRENIC !!!!! My God , I did n't think anything could be worst than Gummo , but I was wrong . At least Gummo was funny , stupid and lame as all hell , but funny . The coolest part in this was the black albino rapping . Watching this movie I wanted to kill myself . Put a bomb in my mouth and sing `` It 's a beautiful day in the neighborhood '' until it explodes . I also know some hip indie movie reviewer on Amazon will give my review of this movie a poor rating , `` Because I am missing the vision of the director 's notion of schizophrenia '' . You want a notion of schizophrenia ? Look it up in the DSM .
 I was waiting for this movie to come out on DVD only to find out it was a big dissapointment . The filming is grainy , supposed to be hip and stylish but I think it 's very annoying . The movie ` Kids ' and ` Gummo ' where much better , this movie is nothing like them . Also the blatant promoting of his wife featured in every one of his movies is getting old too . Harmony Korine , sorry to say pal , you just went from my hero to a big zero !
 I 'm usually attracted to off-the-wall flicks - and this one is off the wall ... However ... 1 -RRB- the film is grainy , which only got on my nerves ; 2 -RRB- the father was great , as was the Julien , the schizophrenic . But not much of a story line - simply showing the life of a schizo . 3 -RRB- it did n't really go anywhere - this is life , mental illness is all around - it 's just whether you notice it or not . I think this is way overrated for what it is - and while it had a decent cast , the characters lacked greatly .
 This film is a complete failure . Expectations are set high not only by the overall reputation of French as great masters of comedy , but by the admirable cast as well -LRB- Belmondo , Cardinale , Rochefort -RRB- . However sloppy directorship , shallow script , dumb jokes , primitive ideas and lazy acting result in utter disappointment . Could only last watching first 10 minutes of the film .
 Most of the reviews posted here unfortunately review the film , not the product for sale . Little else can be said about Battleship Potemkin , Eisenstein 's masterpiece and one of the crown jewels of cinematic history . With all this positive karma , one would think that such a film would get a decent DVD release.Unfortunately , Battleship Potemkin does not . Granted , the film itself is wonderful , and one of my all time favorites , but this DVD transfer does not do it justice . The famous musical score , banned in many countries at the time of its release , is absent , replaced with a tinny , bombastic score composed thirty years after the fact . The Odessa Steps sequence has also been severly mangled , omitting many of the shots which stuck in my mind the first time I viewed this film so long ago.Do yourself a favor and buy a good VHS copy of this film until a good DVD comes along , hopefully from a big-name group like Kino Video or Criterion .
 This Battleship Potemkin DVD is a glimpse into the lives of Russians just at the time when the era of the Tzars was coming to an end . Black and white , and a SILENT film , often a bit dull , but it will give you a perspective of Russian life that you will probably not be able to see anywhere else . Especially for fans or students of Russian history .
 Battleship Potempkin is an historic milestone , and is useful for future directors to watch , but the film itself shows too many flaws to be in itself entertaining.Eisenstein , Potempkin 's director , tried just a little too hard on this film , he was a great director because he essentially invented montage and created geography - so he could make the film mostly in the editing room rather than having to follow a script . This shows up just a little too much in battleship Potempkin.In film I want characters . Maybe one 's I can understand or even deprive horrid maniacle characters that make no sense . In Potempkin we get no characters at all , instead we get , in true comunist style , the masses shown as one mind going this way or that way all at once.I also like great performances by great actors . Eisenstein hired no actors -LRB- just extras -RRB- for his parts , and it shows . No performances stand out as even minutely expressive . No performance is close to noteworthy . Eisenstein thought the actors should n't even try.Rather , we get rapid cutting from face to face , with random violence too fast to be understood . Many have told me that this creates an empathatical confused and feargul feeling in the audience , but I just became apathetic.If you would like to see a more entertaining and equally artistic Russian film of this time , you should check out Mother . It is a beautiful story .
 A movie that contains some very clever sequences and shots , particularly those of the massacre on the steps of the city . There is n't much of a story though . It 's more a snapshot of a moment in history , that of the Russian revolution , and where as , it may have had emotional significance for the Russian audience of the time , the same can not be said for the modern viewer .
 Yes , I had seen this propaganda piece and this is all to this flick and its not my opinion but fact of life as everything from Russia is propaganda and I claim it as an ex-citizen of said/sad/junky / lousy place .
 God this film is dull . I would rather eat my own head than watch this again . Sure I know its a classic , but big deal . When will people realise that its not the olden days any more . I only want to watch films about robots fighting dracula in the future , not a bunch of dumb arse Russians moaning about food rationing . Anyone who says they actually enjoy this film is a lier !
 An extremely low quality DVD . No opening titles , imageclouded and barelydiscernible at times , very poor sound -LRB- assorted noises -RRB- , outrageously priced . `` Enhanced edition '' is a joke.Avoid this DVD . Buy the KINO version .
 The movie
 Ben Vereen partially leads this tale of hitting the skids and trying to find enlightenment on the streets of Chicago.A fired used car salesman , played by Mike Houlihan -LRB- also the freshman writer of this film -RRB- is subjected to the whims of a Chicago street resident , played convincingly by Vereen , who also happens to be working for God , at least I think that is what they were trying to do here . The story follows our character through the coarse of becoming homeless and begging on the streets , all whilst trying to be taught how to be a better person.The camera work is competently done throughout the various angles and street footage , but it does n't showcase as much of Chicago like I had hoped . Ben Vereen has 20 minutes of screen time , and if anything the film showcases a little of the tough life on the Chicago streets , but not in an advocacy kind of way . The main character is so irritating and mean that any change seems impossible , even though this is supposed to be about learning to change one 's life.The music reminded me a bit of Barney Miller , it even had the look of it at times , and by the time that horribly inane `` tapioca '' ending arrives I was very thankful . Not sure who to recommend this bare bones DVD to -LRB- as the only addition to it of the 3 deleted scenes are just as painful -RRB- , but maybe it will find a niche .
 The parts with Ray Wise are compelling and he hits the somewhat paranoid dangerous genius part perfectly , but Stasko stick to teaching and I hope it is not acting .
 `` Tequila Sunrise '' is worth seeing for three reasons
 The item was late , and when I tried it , it did n't work.So , I was never able to play it . How do I get a credit or return it . Actually , I would like another copy that works .
 We did watch this in 2011 and it has n't aged well . The dialogue was bad , very cliched , especially Ms. Pfieffer 's . Fun seeing Mel Gibson and Kurt Russell young again . Have n't seen Michelle Pfeiffer in ages to know how she has aged . Her wardrobe was fun to see in this . Reminded me of my own back-in-the-day !
 But for me at least , I found it rather hard to root for Mel Gibson 's character , given the fact that he was a major , major drug dealer . When the movie ended with him more or less riding off into the sunset with Michelle Pfeiffer and all the loot , I did n't find myself feeling exactly uplifted by it . Given the fact that the movie bent over backwards to depict Gibson as a loving father , a phenomenally successful businessman , and a super-stud , one might fairly say that this movie glamorizes drug-dealing .
 I had the unfortunate experience of spending money at Blockbuster and renting this dud . With such big name stars , I expected at least a mildly entertaining movie . What I got was one hour of lifeless , drab , big-budget flick . I could n't bear to watch another minute , thus `` Tequila Sunrise '' became the first rental I stopped watching since that fateful day I rented `` Last Action Hero '' . The actors seem to be stumbling through their scenes , lending not one iota of believability to their characters . I 'm sure Michelle Pfeiffer , Mel Gibson , and Kurt Russell all look at this horrendous piece of garbage as the down point of their careers . I hope the actors had fun making this production ; I sure as heck did n't have any fun watching it .
 We ordered a DVD and paid $ 2.98 postage when it was ordered . It arrived with postage due . $ 1.39 postage was on the package and $ 1.73 postage due . I had to pay the mailperson .
 This was the pits ! They should have gotten rid of that dump ape , the kid , and Jason Alexander and simply had a drama about Faye Dunaway running a hotel . I saw it because she was in it , and she was hardly in it ! Strictly for the kiddies !!!
 I see there are some absolutely brilliant minded people in Hollywood . A Harvard graduate must of come up with the idea for this movie . What 's next `` Dunston Builds an Atomic Bomb '' , or `` Dunston Runs for President '' ?
 This movie hits every boring note , cliche and character . It 's tried and predictable . It never takes any risk or does anything different . The villains are phoned in a mile away . The main cast is bland and forgettable . The `` jokes '' are lame and not funny . Worst of all , Dunston the Ape himself was n't funny . In-fact , all apes and monkeys are n't funny . I give this movie a 0 out of 10 .
 This show is stupid . Which is too bad , because I like all the actors in the show and the story sounded fun , but the writing just ruins it all .
 My girlfriend dragged me to see this in the theaters , it is a complete chick flick , the only problem being , a lot of girls do n't like it either . Now there are a few types of bad movies . 1 - The stupid bad movie , which is funny cause it either takes itself too seriously or tries to be serious but just ends up being stupid , so it 's at least laughable . 2 - The cheap bad movie , which may have a decent plot and likeable characters but just done so cheaply with almost no budget , it 's too stupid to be believeable , so it 's still something to discuss at least 3 - The boring bad movie - which is HeartBreakers - The worst type of bad movie just because you sit in the theater adjusting your seat , yawning , playing with your fingers and feeling incredibly stupid for having to have spent $ 10 for nothing . You come out of the theater with nothing more to say then `` so whatdaya wan na do now ? '' There 's nothing to even discuss about the movie , it was just so boring , it 's the type of movie that makes 2 hours feel like an eternity . I do remember this movie being waaaayyyy too long . It 's full of dumb stereotypes , stupid characters , dumb script , and goes to show that even some big name actors like Gene Hackman and Segourney Weaver will do just about anything to pay off last months credit card bills . I have nothing left to say except that a wise man once said `` There is nothing worse then a bad comedy . '' HeartBreakers is one of them . Hey , it 's all in the title !
 How tired I am of reading people saying how HOT Jennifer Love Hewitt looks in this movie . Yes , it is very true , but this is really not enough to be called a MOVIE , but perhaps a skin-flick in disguise . Hewitt parades her body and performs actions that should have given this movie an `` R '' rating , and not PG-13 . Though they may not SHOW all of the sexual acts , they are certainly not subtle , and think about it , should a 13-year-old really be watching and emulating such acts ? I certainly hope not.I gave this movie 2 stars because I had a few laughs and did enjoy the ending . Oh , and yeah , I 'm a male and I certainly enjoyed the Hewitt views , but if you 're a sex-starved male looking for some young skin I 'm sure there are other movies out there that may satisfy your cravings even more , so I add , what really was the point ?
 The best I can say about `` Heartbreakers '' is that , at times , I laughed ! This is billed as a lightweight romantic comedy/con caper . As cons go , it is all too predictable - as a matter of fact , I believe it 's been done before , and better , in `` Dirty Rotten Scoundrels . '' And any romance involved here is lukewarm , at best.Sigourney Weaver and Jennifer Love-Hewett play mother daughter grifters , Maxine and Page Conners , -LRB- and a variety of colorful aliases -RRB- , on the lookout for any man wealthy enough to be bilked for all he 's got . Curvy Moma Conners is on husband number 13 , and her aide-de-camp , 20 year-old Page , has her own game going with Jack , -LRB- Jason Lee -RRB- , a monied bar owner . The duo also has a vast repertoire of money-making scams , from putting glass in restaurant food for a free meal to securing a complimentary suite of rooms in a posh Palm Beach hotel . At first these con-games are funny , but after a while they grow old and one can see them coming a mile away.The IRS threatens jail unless Maxine and Page come up with undeclared back taxes . So they 're off for `` one last score . '' Ray Liotta plays Dean Cumanno , the last man Max ripped-off . He is still wildly in love with her , even after she took him to the cleaners and got his Mercedes to boot . He takes off in pursuit not knowing all the facts about his ex . Ailing billionaire tobacco baron William Tensy , -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- , who looks a few days over one hundred , with ashen , liver-spotted skin , pink nose and a 5 pack-a-day-man 's hacking cough , is the next target . I must say , Weaver , playing the Russian vamp Olga , makes for some big laughs , and she has the accent down pat . And Hackman is so disgusting , he 's cool ! There 's a wild dinner scene where she is asked to sing in Russian , which could be worth the rental price alone . Unfortunately , Love-Hewett , who does petulant with a capitol `` P '' , has an extremely limited range.The film moves at a reasonable pace , although not fast enough to make it work as a comedy . It starts good , but goes downhill way before the conclusion . And it 's far too long at 123 minutes - I mean this is NOT `` War and Peace . '' Weaver , who has a knack for comedy , gets to ham it up and have fun . Apparently director Dave Mirkin wants his audience to focus on his stars ' natural assets . There is enough cleavage shown here to warrant the attendance of any man who wants to watch . However , the continual , although partial , baring of boobs is just another cliche . The characters are likeable and the chemistry is good , especially between mother and daughter - but good will and likeable are not enough to hold a film together . This one needs more cement!JANA
 This is a mildly funny but predictable comedy saved from total oblivion by the hilarious performance of Gene Hackman , as an elderly and ill tobacco baron and would-be dupe of two women aiming to bilk him out of his fortune . Sigourney Weaver is quite skilled in her role as a mother who has taught her daughter -LRB- Jennifer Love Hewitt -RRB- never to trust men and to use them for all they are worth . Having just pulled off a scam on Ray Liotta to get his fortune , the women set out to deceive just one last time . Although Hackman is a laugh riot in this role and Weaver is lukewarm-funny , Love Hewitt is annoying and her obvious/predictable `` love story '' leaves one sick to the stomach . Mindless entertainment .
 I saw this movie in April of 2001 and saw the DVD in early October of 2001 . This is an average , boring lagging movie that has no meaning or any positive messages for any viewer . Also , the dramatization of conning innocent people is a bad influence for others who want to get easy money .
 This movie should set women 's equality back about 50 years ... not to mention portraying men as total saps . How do movies like this -- with stars the calibre of Sigourney Weaver and Gene Hackman -- get made ? Even if it 's the only movie on a trans-Atlantic flighte -LRB- which is how I saw it -RRB- -- READ A BOOK !
 i have not received the dvd yet can you tell me when it will ship ?
 This movie was completely irritating . Here are ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- observations :1 . Who ever told Jennifer Love Hewett she could act ? 2 . Nothing really happens in this film . It 's one establishing shot after another , after another . We see characters opening and closing doors , getting in and out of automobiles , walking into restaurants ... for about two hours .3 . The dialogue is largely meaningless . It 's like watching people speak in esperanto or some language entirely foreign to earth . This is because :4 . The characters in this film are completely the figment of someone 's imagination , with no roots in reality . If anyone could relate to the characters that Ray Liotta , Sigourney Weaver , Love Hewett or Gene Hackman portrayed , I 'd certainly like to interview them for `` Sixty Minutes '' .5 . After about forty minutes into the film , Sigourney Weaver breaks into song . I hoped that her rendition of `` Back in the USSR '' was the low point of the film , but unfortunately , I was wrong .6 . The whole concept behind this film was rather formulaic , with a rather poor foundation . The end result is something from the bizarro world , like a $ 450,000.00 home built from clapboard and thrown-out furniture crates .7 . For the last hour or so , the film unravels spectacularly , much like a burning Zeplin heading down to earth . However , this film was not as bad as `` AI
 This movie is senseless , it has a great cast but it just is n't funny . Not sutible for comedy lovers , it just is n't tastful enough . 4/10 .
 This had a good premise , good actors to play the parts . Sigourney Weaver , although a little long in the tooth to be playing a fem fatale , is competent and Hackman stole the movie with his nicotine drenched old rich guy . When these two actors were on the screen , it was watchable indeed . The big snoozer in this movie was Jennifer Love Hewitt whose only noteworthiness was big silicone implants in tight clothing.Whenever she came on the screen away from Weaver , the movie fell flat ASLEEP ! She has neither the talent , charisma or looks to carry a movie by herself -LRB- so , we have n't seen much of her lately have we ? -RRB- This movie is watchable IF you rent it and fastforward out the parts with Hewitt . The scams Weaver pulled were fascinating and cutting out Hewitt and concentrating on Weaver desperately looking for an old rich guy with one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel would have been a better story .
 It 's a rule of thumb that seldom steers you wrong
 I rented this movie with the main reason being that I wanted to see Jennifer Love Hewitt in revealing clothing and acting trashy . Well I definitely got that , and nothing else.This is an utterly forgettable movie and halfway through it I was simply fast forwarding to the parts with JLH in skimpy outfits.Plot
 but if it were , this film would get it.I have been reading the reviews here , and I just do n't understand what people liked about this film ! This is one of the worst movies in the history of film making . There was not one funny scene in the entire hour of the movie that I watched , which is just one of the reasons I had to shut if off.This movie may have some good actors in it , but that does n't make a good movie . The plot , screenplay , and direction were all completely and unbelievably bad . This film has no redeeming quality as far as I am concerned . I am a woman , so I have interest in watching Love Hewitt and Weaver shimmy all over the screen in tight revealing prostitute wardrobes . They both have nice figures , and that is about all they have going for them in the movie as their acting really stinks in this !!! What is up with Sigourney Weavers ' fake Russian accent ? and how stupid do they think men are that Gene Hackman would buy her phony accent ? The most pathetic is her meak attempt at singing . I had to change the channel it was so hideously bad . I rented this on Pay per view.I was told this was a funny movie , but I just do n't see what these people I know that saw it found so funny . I did n't laugh once . I just got frustrated and more frustrated as the film went on as it was so awful.It 's a waste of film and time , I say DO N'T BOTHER with this one . Put it back on the shelf !!! Trust me !!! I watch a lot of comedies , and this is just not funny .
 A friend recommended this movie to me , and I basically watched it because I 'm in a major Sigourney Weaver phase right now , but was very disappointed with the quality of the piece . Yes , there were parts where I laughed , but overall it was a let down . Nothing was laugh-out-loud funny either , and a lot of the points that I found funny were more so from being awkward points . The acting was pretty good but the plot line was not very amusing and did not hold my interest for very long . It is not the worst movie I 've ever seen but I would not recommend it , it 's really not even worth the 3 buck rental . And for a `` light '' romantic comedy it was a little on the long and drawn out side as well . Not exactly horrible , but not very good either .
 I thought with this great cast and this funny premise they could make SOMETHING out of this movie , but sadly they did not . Other than a few good one-liners -LRB- thus two stars rather than one -RRB- , this movie stinks . Cliches galore , bad jokes , bad acting , and bad writing . If you want to see a good con-artist movie , get Dirty Rotten Scoundrels with Steve Martin & Michael Caine . Heartbreakers is not worth 90 minutes of your time .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt better be thankful that she is attractive , because she ca n't act her way out of a wet paper bag.Sigourney Weaver is still beautiful at her age , but this was such a demenaing role for her , after all , she is so much better than this movie gives her credit for.Ray Liotta is ridiculous , I think he 's been getting type cast a lot since Goodfellas . It 's a shame , because he was really good as white bread Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field Of Dreams.Gene Hackman , the best thespian in the film , smallest part , least lines . This is just a travesty . Thought the purple shorts and green socks were hilarious . And the hacking and falling downa lot . Who knew he had it in him.Anne Bancroft
 Disappointing comedy that should have been better considering the talent involved . Sigourney Weaver is eye-popping as a con artist who between jobs taking men for all they 're worth has a pretty big problem to deal with
 What a waste of good talent in a mere shadow of a comedy ! The siutation
 I saw this movie once when it was in theaters and I almost walked out of the theater . It was n't that funny and it was actually kind of boring . I thought it would be a good but after I saw it , I thought it sucked . The only actor who I thought was a little funny was Ray Liotta but the others were not that funny.Don ' t watch this movie , it is not that funny .
 I 'm absoutely amazed at the plethora of positive reviews of this movie on Amazon because this movie should never be seen by anyone . It 's hideous . Yes , it has a good cast and a promising premise , but a cast and a premise do not a good movie make . In fact , this might be the worst movie I 've seen in the entire year of 2001 . This gives the appearance of a fun , light comedy but yet there are no laughs in the entire film . The outcome of every situation will be predicted by the viewer , and/or many of the `` funniest '' situations were seen in the ads for the film . Perhaps it is because the cast members are not really known for their comedic work . The funnest part of watching Heartbreakers ends up being spotting the many celebrity cameos throughout the film.A high level of coincidence plagues this film as well . Jason Lee 's bartender character seems to consistently be in the right place at the right time in order to fall in love with Jennifer Love Hewitt despite her hating him for most of the movie . Does n't he have a clue ? And its hard to swallow when Hewitt 's Paige character suddenly develops a conscience towards the end of the film , especially after she has lived a life of con games and tomfoolery under her mother 's wing for her entire life . And then when Ray Liotta 's character buys into Weaver and Hewitt 's act after he 's lost half of his material posessions to them ? It makes no sense that he 's less angry about their ripoff than more willing to join their crew in order to get his money backThe end of the film will be predicted within the first third of the running time and is so unsatisfying you 'll be left dumbfounded at the generic quality of it . Who 's going to fall in love ? If you ca n't see it coming , you have n't seen many movies.Yes , this DVD had quite a few extras on it , but the movie was so awful , I did n't even watch them . Twenty deleted scenes is very cool , but if the movie was bad in the first place , why even bother with 20 minutes more footage ? If those scenes were cut because they were n't needed or very good , maybe the filmmakers should have taken a look at other scenes in the movie and ask if those were really any better . I ca n't say enough about this absolutely morose comedy . I would definitely stay away from this movie and I would n't watch it again even if I got it for free .
 This movie should set women 's equality back about 50 years ... not to mention portraying men as total saps . How do movies like this -- with stars the calibre of Sigourney Weaver and Gene Hackman -- get made ? Even if it 's the only movie on a trans-Atlantic flight -LRB- which is how I saw it -RRB- -- READ A BOOK !
 This movie just about put me to sleep.This film has many of the funny parts cut out.You have to access this parts in the deleted scenes.They should be sued for false advertisement.Since those parts where in the commercial and not in the theatrical release .
 ON THE WHOLE CARPOOL IS A DECENT ENTERTAINER . THE FILM IS N'T HALIROUS BUT IT IS FUNNY . THE FILM IS N'T BORING AT ALL . A ONE TIME WATCHER.TOM ARONLOD IS GOOD , YET AGAIN.DAVID PAYMER IS EXCELENT . HE STEALS THE SHOW .
 We thoroughly enjoyed the first part of this movie and had a lot of laughs . Tom Arnold makes a convincing `` good '' bad guy , and the kids help the plot along with the grumpy dad . The movie loses steam when the car chase ends and they end up in Tom Arnold 's carnival , and then to the dad 's executive meeting . To be honest , I gave up on the movie at that point and let the boys play the X-box , as my interest was completely lost .
 I thought the movie was funny , enjoyable & well-made . The performances were good especially Tom Arnold & Rhea Pearlman . The problem I had was with the moral problems of the script . Especially the point in the mall , here the father & children are free from being hostages -LRB- albeit from a harmless Arnold -RRB- . At that point , they actually help in the escape of Arnold who , however sympathetic , has comitted a criminal act . So they are then guilty of aiding & abetting a criminal . I know that this did n't bother anyone else reviewing this , nor am I a moralist . But it seemed quite wrong , especially in a family film . The ending somewhat abets this by having Arnold give back the money & perform community service . But I do n't see how in a film you can encourage aiding & abetting a criminal . Liking him , being sympathetic & compassionate to him , forgiving him , yes . Helping him crossed a line that should n't have been crossed .
 I have not received this yet and it 's been over a month !! I wo n't order again if it takes over a month and I still do n't have the DVD
 I like stupid movies and I like the stars of this film . ` Wieners is just stupid enough to keep those who enjoy these mindless crude humor films interested , but it is ultimately forgettable . If you like fast food fun films try Kenan Thompson 's ` Good Burger ' instead . It 's funnier that this film and I 'll take a burger over a `` wiener '' any day of the week ! ; - b
 Do n't get me wrong the dvd did have some laughs . Before you buy be advised this standup is mostly white jokes and ni ** a every 18 seconds.I understand that this is his style but it has me asking myself if this dvd was really made in 2010 , i feel like im watching stand up from 2001 . He does make some valid points , some good jokes and even takes a stab at religion but the rest of it feels recycled .
 Strictly for poker fans , this glorified TV movie has a big star cast , but what happened ? It 's deadly dull . The poker scenes are like watching paint dry . Long shots of cards on a table , while no one speaks . ZZzzz . How did Robert Duvall get mixed up in this thing ? It 's agonizing .
 Take a bunch of talented Hollywood favorites and mix 'em up with a pretty decent idea for a movie , and somehow end up with a ridiculous mess of a flick . And the poker scenes do n't ring true at all . There always seems to be just one chair open whenever he wants to join a table , and the little speeches and banter during play are cringe-inducing . Duvall and Barrymore could not make this even slightly enjoyable . Predictable dialogue and ending , ludicrous side-bets ... do n't waste your time . As the plot takes one assinine turn after another , I 'm left wondering if this was a serious attempt at a memorable movie or just a money grab for the easily satisfied populace that lap up this inane drivel with mindless abandon . I did like the soundtrack , oddly enough . And some of the panaramic shots were quite lovely . Mostly I just wanted this buffoon playing the lead to ride his motorcycle into a brick wall doin ' 90 mph . No redeeming qualities or lasting impressions . Drew looked amazing , but her character was as dull as everyone else in the flick . The dude with tits was likeable enough-he should 've shown 'em . Could 've got this disaster another half a star . Non-existent drama . The pro poker players that have appearances show more talent and charisma at acting than the `` actors '' .
 I watched this movie on cable , hoping for a nice romantic comedy because that is what it was listed as ... Not what I got . It was exceptionally boring . Lots of poker , but it is fake staged poker so where is the fun . I did not laugh or even crack a smile through the whole movie . Disappointing .
 Lucky You , in a nut shell , is about a obsessed gambler played by Eric Bana who falls for a wannabe singer played by Drew Barrymore . The story leads you down Bana 's path to the World Series where he hopes to get his big break , along the way learning how to manage not only his money and gambling but his normal life as well . I wo n't go too into the movie 's story but the basic plot is Bana learns his leason at the end and all loose ends are tied in a nice little package.My main problem with this movie is the pacing and softness of the over all film . It 's REALLY slow and never really reaches a pinnacle high point , it pretty much stays in a conservative state the entire film from start to finish . Even at the end when you do n't feel like there 's a climax happening , just another thing in Bana 's life . Barrymore 's performance was really weak as well . She was awkwardly cheesy and boreing in every scene she was in , and the ones where her and Bana are together you do n't get that sense of synergy between the actors . Now I think Bana did a good job , he definitely played the part of the struggling poker player . As with all the other reviews I 'm going to compare this to Rounder 's , the quintessential poker movie . Granted that movie was more about the underground poker scene in the mid to late nineties , there was a strong story that you wanted to see how it ended . Watching Matt Damon 's character as he loses his life 's savings and trying to figure out who he is and what he 's meant for is a real pleasure to watch with a very dramatic show off at the end . This is something Luck You misses because you do n't really care about Bana 's character or what happens to him . There is n't that urge to root for the good guy to win over all adversity because again , there 's really nothing for him to battle besides himself . My final verdict , this is at most a weekend rental . Watching this once is enough and there is n't any real poker stratagy thrown in either unlike Rounder 's where the famous phrase , `` it 's not the cards it 's the player '' originated .
 After the surprise critical and semi-commercial hit ofL.A . Confidential , director Curtis Hanson followed it up with the equally critically-laudedWonder Boysthat , despite two separate theatrical releases , failed to connect with a mainstream audience . Even with the presence of Cameron Diaz , Hanson ` sIn Her Shoes -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- received a mixed critical reaction and lackluster box office . His latest film , Lucky You , was supposed to be released a year ago and the studio sat on it while they figured out how to market the film . The release date was pushed back on numerous occasions before it was unceremoniously released on the same weekend asSpider-Man 3 -LRB- 2-Disc Special Edition -RRB- . This is usually the sign that said film is a mess.Lucky You tries hard to immerse us in the world of poker by throwing around authentic lingo and populating the film with cameos from real-life poker champs but it often feels forced and too slick unlike Robert Altman ` sCalifornia Splitwhich is a much more successful , character-driven film with a less polished veneer . Ultimately , Hanson is a studio director who makes traditional genre films and Lucky You ends nice and neat with all of the conflicts cleanly resolved . This makes its lack of success even more baffling . Are audiences too jaded to accept this kind of movie or has the public 's fascination with poker past its prime ? `` The Players at the Table . '' According to Hanson , all of the poker players in the film are real , some famous and some not . For the director , it was important to do this in order to give the film an authenticity and to surround the actors with skilled players to make them look good . `` The Reel Deal - The Time and Place of Lucky You . '' Hanson did research in Vegas at the 2003 World Series of Poker and was inspired by the winner , a guy who was an Internet poker player . After that event , the game 's profile grew immensely in popularity.Finally , there are nine minutes of deleted scenes that include more of Billie singing . We also get to see what Suzanne does for a living and more of her relationship with Billie .
 If you enjoy watching people play poker , you might like this movie . Otherwise , do n't waste your time . The characters and story are boring . I did n't care what happened to any of them , which turned out fine , since nothing really happened to any of them ...
 I 've totally loved everything America 's Sweetheart Drew Barrymore has come out with since her movie since 1998 's `` Ever After '' , especially the romantic comedies . I also love poker . Combine the two and I thought this movie was going to be fantastic!But it was n't . First of all , Drew Barrymore 's character -LRB- Billie -RRB- was completely unrealistic . Here is a girl who is disgusted by dishonesty but yet hangs out with a guy who robs from her , lies to her , and encourages her to lie and cheat herself . Why does she even bother?Eric Bana 's character is a bit more interesting as Huck , a professional gambler who takes all risks at the game of poker but plays it safely in life . The movie is all about him trying to reverse those two roles ... to play safely in poker and live on the edge in life while dealing with a girlfriend , a dysfunctional father , compulsive gaming , and a damaging history . But I just was n't sold that the events that happened to him were motivation enough to make him want to change his life.And then the poker . I love Texas Hold 'em on ESPN but what makes poker so fun and interesting is that everything is random . In this movie , everything is scripted down to what the river is going to turn over . There are very few surprises and even these surprises are completely scripted . It just took all the fun out of poker.So , the poker is n't excited and the characters are only modestly interesting if you can get past the fact that the two main characters would never get together in a million years.The only thing I can applaud is the acting as the all-star cast does do the best they can with a boring , slow , and awkward script . The performances by Barrymore , Bana , and Duval are outstanding . But if you are looking for good acting then I 've got other movies to suggest that would be much more interesting.I just ca n't rate a movie more than two stars when I debate turning it off halfway through and then regret actually finishing it when I leave it on . I just did n't get anything out of this movie and I would n't recommend it to anybody unless there is an actor in here you absolutely must see .
 It was an OK movie . I am a poker fan , so it was cool to see alot of the big names get cameo appearances ...
 High stakes Las Vegas gambling and Drew Barrymore - what could be more exciting ? Right ? Wrong . Drew sleepwalks through this movie in a trance -LRB- hopefully not chemically induced -RRB- , there 's absolutely no chemistry between her and Bana -LRB- how could there be chemistry between two rocks ? -RRB- , and the tone of this movie and its actors is so low-key that it quickly descends into a monotone drone . With its relative dearth of music and surprisingly fuzzy film quality , I would have thought that I was watching a low-budget Bulgarian movie from the 1980s , were it not for the familiar faces and American details . It 's not a disaster , but it 's not very good either . Unless you 're a big time fan of professional poker , skip it .
 This movie was painful ! I even like the actors , but it was so hard to sit through , I wanted to chew on my own hand . It seemed like it was about 4 hours long . Despite it 's description , it was really a poker documentary with well known actors . HORRIBLE !
 This movie is about a poker player that has had a strained relationship with his father who meets a girl . And that 's about it . There is no depth or chemistry between the couple , you certainly do n't root for them to be together . The father and son do repair their strained relationship at the end of the movie.There are several poker matches shown so if you like poker , you might like this movie otherwise you probably wo n't .
 This movie bored me to sleep and I 'm an insomniac . It moved at the pace of paint drying and the acting was about as no more interesting . I want that wasted time back , life is too short !
 ** 1/2Only the most die-hard poker fans will find much to cheer about in `` Lucky You , '' a Freudian drama set in the high-stakes world of the Vegas strip.Eric Bana -LRB- `` Munich '' -RRB- and Robert Duvall star as Huck and L.C. Cheever , two world-class poker players with many unresolved father/son issues between them . Huck resents the fact that he 's had to live virtually all his adult life in the shadow of his famous father who , with his constant carousing , stealing and gambling , made life a living hell for Huck 's mother virtually till the day she died . What Huck does n`t realize - and this is where Doctor Freud comes in - is that he is pretty much following in his father ` s footsteps both in his choice of profession and his relations with women . Meanwhile , L.C. hangs out around the casinos and coffee shops of the city trying to reconcile with his boy , while at the same time , doling out unasked-for advice about how the young man should be living his life both at and away from the poker table . Drew Barrymore completes the cast as Billie Offer , a young , morally upright ingenue from Bakersfield who has come to Sin City to begin her career as a singer and who winds up falling under the spell of the ethically-challenged Huck . Or could it be that the beatific Billie is really an angel of the Lord come to lead the iniquitous Huck out of this modern-day Sodom and Gomorrah?The scenes between Bana and Barrymore are probably the best in the film and one wishes that more time would have been spent developing that relationship instead of sitting around the poker table . For whenever the story moves into the casino , the movie stops dead in its tracks , proving once again that poker , by its very nature , makes for one of the least compelling sports ever to be depicted on film . Anyone without a thorough working knowledge of the ins and outs of Texas Hold 'em , in particular , is going to find himself lost in all the arcane trivia of the poker-playing scenes -LRB- which take up quite a large chunk of the movie 's overall running time , I might add -RRB- . Even worse is the fact that the father/son angle is so cliched and hackneyed at this point that even actors of the caliber of Bana and Duvall -LRB- and they are both excellent -RRB- ca n't be expected to really pull it off.There are some quality elements in `` Lucky You . '' Director Curtis Hanson , who co-wrote the screenplay with Eric Roth , proves yet again - as he did in `` LA Confidential '' and `` 8 Mile '' - that he knows how to extract the essence of a locale to build atmosphere and mood . Moreover , the interactions between Huck and Billie are often flavorful and intriguing -LRB- which is more than can be said for those between Huck and his dad -RRB- . The performances are uniformly impressive , with Barrymore , in particular , showing a bit more range here than she has in most of her previous roles.Hanson has populated his film with a number of real life poker playing celebrities , which may be of interest to the aficionados but wo n't mean much to the rest of us . Sad to say , but the lackluster `` Lucky You '' is unlikely to appeal to anyone not already passionate about professional poker - and unlikely to garner the sport itself many new fans .
 Lucky You -LRB- Curtis Hanson , 2007 -RRB- I 've been waiting for a lot of years to be able to answer the question `` will Curtis Hanson ever make another movie as good as L. A. Confidential ? '' with something other than `` no '' . Still , I keep giving him chances , and when I found out he was helming Lucky You , the first major poker movie since Rounders , I had high hopes . As usual , however , they were dashed pretty quickly . As well , I have also discovered that I will never be able to see Eric Bana without hearing him snarl `` Do I look like Mother Theresa to you ? '' in my head . That , however , is a topic of conversation for another -LRB- and much , much better -RRB- review.The story concerns Huck Cheever -LRB- Bana -RRB- , a professional poker player who also happens to be a compulsive gambler . Worse , his game -LRB- and personality -RRB- goes into the toilet whenever his father L. C. -LRB- Robert Duvall -RRB- is around . Huck is trying to get himself a seat in the 2003 World Series of Poker , but his ambition is derailed -- ever so slightly -- by the appearance of his friend 's sister Billie -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- in Las Vegas . Huck , meet Billie . Billie , meet Huck . Sparks fly . A romance is born.The pity of it all is that that romance is as predictable and silly as any Harlequin novel . The tragedy of it all is that the poker is about the same . You know as soon as you see Huck and L. C. , and they commence the endless running dialogue about Huck 's mother 's wedding ring , what 's going to happen in the final poker scene , and if you 've read any romance novels , you 've probably got a better understanding of exactly what 's going to happen between Huck and Billie than did Eric Roth , who wrote the screenplay . Roth has multiple Academy Award nominations to his name , so you 're probably wondering how on Earth he could have come up with such predictable mush , but read far enough down on his IMDB page , and you 'll realize the Oscar he won was for Forrest Gump . Question answered.The one thing those behind the scenes on this turkey did get right is the essential weirdness of Las Vegas , and the background is wonderful . The minor characters are just great all the way around , it 's the major ones who will have you steaming . Also , poker fans , Sam Farha -LRB- full disclosure
 I read the description of this show and I thought maybe it 's sci fi or maybe a romantic thing like the new Jessica Elba movie where she has bad luck all the time.This movie is about Poker . Yes , though it 's nowhere in the description that 's what this movie is about.That was definitely 2 hours I will never get back . At the end my wife said what was this about ... I could only say somethign about a father son thing , but really I was reaching for straws for making such an awful selection.The movie says it was released in 2007 but they are using old phones and the poker craze was about two years ago and it all seemed odd . Was this held back for two years and finally released ? or did they run out of money and used some old equipment to make this mess.Unfortunately they do n't let you give negative stars . If they could I would .
 Drew Barrymore was too cute and innocent , but not bad . Eric Bana playing the obsessed poker-playing pro was boring and somewhat of a veiled ripoff of Matt Damon 's excellent character in the superior movie `` Rounders . `` Even though you get to see some `` Real World poker players '' such as Phil Helmut , Daniel Negreanu , Johnny Chan and Doyle Brunson , '' it did n't help the awful plot of pitting father -LRB- Robert Duvall -RRB- against son -LRB- Eric Bana -RRB- .
 This is difficult , because I am reviewing as a parent and not a child and my review is mostly based on the Amazon price , not entirely on the movie . My 7 year old daughter watched this , and thought it was fine - as far as I can tell she liked it . The one star rating is for the $ 2.99 price for a 23 minute `` movie . '' I think the entire thing was shot in a day - at one location - and just low , low production quality . Again , for kids it 's fine , but I think it should be priced appropriately for what it is.If it was $ .99 or less , then my rating might be 3 stars . My daughter would probably give it 4 stars - after all ... the Olsen twins are pretty cute little girls , even if their acting at that time is not the best , still cute to watch for little kids .
 When you encounter problems right at the start of a movie it does not bode well for the remaining parts . Specifically the sound quality and articulation by actors varied so much that it was difficult to understand important dialogue . Add to that , that the producing studio , in taking short cuts to save money , did not offer subtitles.The characters are well developed to the point of looking as if clipped from stereotypic people stickers . For example , after 8 years of education a medical student ca n't pass a simple oral exam then in solace meets a singer in a bar and after a brief obligatory unseen sex scene they take it trip to a pot growing commune . He meets the stereotypic intelligentsia professional dropouts spending time smoking and looking at trees and water while avoiding obligatory law enforcement disruptions to their growing activities . In summation , there is nothing new or creative in the substance and presentation of issues in this movie .
 My review was removed so re-posted as I was given a great deal of unpopular votes last time ... Following on the tails of many pot films this quarter , Humboldt pulls no punches with the cover art and embraces the marijuana theme with a huge joint on the cover along with Balk pictured front and center.Simply enough , this is a tediously long film containing numerous pot-induced discussions on such things as colonizing Mars and the meaning of many things in the character 's lives revolving around the necessity of growing and smoking dope . The highlights of the story are the various and often used scenery locales in and around the said named County . Absolutely beautiful - would love to see them in BD . Otherwise , the story drags on indefinitely with several long takes that involve nothing except , well , nothing . The performances are fine , the script was easy enough when you have scenes involving beating up an abandoned vehicle for no reason , smoking dope with your children , blah , blah , blah.The DVD has two painful docus that apparently are meant to be funny , with the directors `` ambushing '' their stars for interviews but being mistaken for other directors - lame . The main docu has the 2 directors sitting and eating cereal out of the bag as they loathe the process of film making -LRB- in a jest fashion I assume -RRB- . The deleted scenes had the funniest scene removed and is almost worth the watch.SPOILERS : Balk disappears 20 minutes into the film so do not see this for her sake . Bogdanovich appeared without effort , and his longest scene is at the end as he eats a sandwich -LRB- no dialogue -RRB- for 6 minutes . So I would say this is meant for the HC locals and hardcore dopers . Several of my usual dope film customers have already returned it having been bored , and most people have felt the tragic ending was misplaced and not needed . Not sure why there were so many high marks -LRB- sorry -RRB- but this film is not worth more than a discounted rental .
 I would advise folks not to waste time on this film . I kept asking myself why they bothered to make it and kept hoping that somewhere there would be some redeeming value but alas &#34; no &#34; .
 As a born & raised Humboldt resident this movie makes me want to bow my head and slam in on the nearest hard surface . I in fact watched it twice -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- just to be sure I didnt miss some epic message or good feeling at the end . Nope , the 2nd time just solidified this heap of garbage . So they filmed some redwoods ... hooray . But someone NOT from Humboldt County made a movie about what he thought it would be like if he ran away to the Redwood Curtain and stumbles upon the `` mom & pop ; '' lifestyle . Well Mr MovieWriter , thank you for publicising our rural home and making a HUGE cultural miss while you were at it.Movie Sucks.Attention `` Stoners '' if this is what youre watching because it shows weed ... expand .
 I found this tedious in the extreme . I do n't understand all the 4 star reviews . The main character , a struggling med student , spends the entire movie with one befuddled expression on his face , like he is astonished and shocked by every single thing and person and comment he encounters all day every day and night . I wanted to slap him . That was not realistic . The rest of the stoners here were simply boring . ZZZzzzzz ...
 This was the most disappointing , badly filmed , UNfunny , unprofessional , and painful comedy work I 've ever seen or heard in my life . My taste runs all the way from the Marx Brothers to Sam Kineson , the Blue Collar Comedy tour to Johnny Carson , Whoopi Goldberg and Bobcat Goldthwait to my all-time favorite Robin Williams . I own an entire bookcase of comedy DVDs , and this is the only time in my life I threw something in the garbage . It was THAT bad . Do n't waste your money , and if it 's too late for that , do n't waste your time and energy . THIS IS THE WORST !
 This dvd is NOT the one to pick if you are looking for some great laughs ! Sober Richard Pryor is sadly not funny .
 This is a warning to anybody thinking of buying this dvd . Here and Now was awful . From the beginning you can see the stupid audience members heckling and bothering pryor . I wish i could invent a time machine to go back and kill those people before they entered the theater that night . I purchased Here and Now because i was at the store hoping to get Live in Conert or Live on the Sunset Strip . They were all out , then i saw this dvd . The price was 20 dollars and i had 20 dollars on me . I thought this must be fate , no it was n't it was God 's and Richard Pryor 's way of making a big joke . I had told friends how great Pryor was in the other performance . Live in Concert was genius , just brilliant . So i bought it and showed it to the friends i had hyped him up to , and only one of them even laughed a little and the other 's began to criticize Pryor for being so terribly unfunny . And that just made me look like an idiot for recommending him . This is a Warning . Please i beg of you not to buy this ; take your twenty dollars and give it to me , I will put it to good use by hiring scientists to build time machines and spaceships to go back in time and smack the coke out of Richard 's nose before he decided to do this show . I would only tell you to get it if you have a collection you wish to complete , because there are a only a couple of good parts . Be warned !
 This is not up to the Richard Pryor comedic standard .
 First of all this is the most inaccurate depiction of the events surrounding George Jackson 's death that could have been put on film . It seems as if the film was written by a team consisting of FBI agents , prison guards , and police officers . The perspective of George Jackson was completely left out . One example of this is the fact that Jackson was portrayed like a wild animal in a cage , constantly screaming with rage and striking out into the air . However if you read his book you learn that his personality was the complete opposite of the uncontrolled caged animal that they portray . In Soledad Brother you learn that Jackson often meditated , practiced talk fasts , never smoked , was an avid reader and in general practiced an ascetic lifestyle however you see none of this in the film.Another glaring example of the numerous inaccuracies found in this movie was the alleged gun in the afro magic trick that he pulled in the end of the movie . It is utterly appalling that this was even depicted in the film . It is obvious that George Jackson was assassinated by the racist prison guards and the story about the gun was produced after the fact . There are numerous links available on the net that discuss how it was demonstrated during the Stephen Bingham trial -LRB- Bingham is the guy who supposedly smuggled in the gun , who was acquitted -RRB- that the gun could not have been hidden in a tape recorder , as it was alleged , and that his legal folder had been searched by hand and had gone through several metal detectors . However none of this is in the film instead they actually portray Jackson taking a gun from his afro and starting a prison riot without explaining how he could have possibly got a gun.Another blatant inaccuracy is the movies depiction of Jackson starting the riot when in actuality the famous San Quentin riot was not started by Jackson and took place only after his murder as a response to him being shot while on the prison yard by himself . After viewing this movie it 's obvious that TCinque Sampson -LRB- writer and director -RRB- did n't know George Jackson , never read his books and made a movie based on FBI reports and the testimonials of the prison guards that shot and killed George Jackson leaving the perspective of Jackson , his family and friends completely out of the picture . This is a poorly made film based on disinformation so save your money and time and skip this one .
 Watching this trainwreck for free on television is very different from actually expecting people to pay for it . On television , at first , the main reason to watch was to answer the question , `` Are these two for real ? '' . But after a few episodes it was pretty clear that , yes , Lisa and Brittney -LRB- especially Lisa , the mother -RRB- really are as shallow and self-centered and lazy as it seems -- with a tremendous sense of self-importance and entitlement . Why do they feel the world should revolve around them ? Will people really pay to see them shop , be rude to each other -LRB- and those around them -RRB- , and try to be the center of attention in all circumstances?When Lisa was recently asked on 20/20 what `` The Gastineau Girls '' was about , she answered , `` Nothing . '' That sums it up pretty well .
 This has got to be the most boring , unecessary show that was ever on ! The mom needs to act her age and stop getting plastic surgery . The daughter , no personality and a brat ! How did they get their money again ... an old retired football player form way back when ? What is so interesting in that ! SAVE YOUR MONEY ! This show is NOT GOOD !!!
 This may be the worst thing I 've ever watched on television . The story did n't quite make sense and definitely did n't come together at the end . It is not animated as you would guess from the movie title picture . It also goes back and forth between silent film -LRB- text in its own frame -RRB- , subtitles and regular people talking . There was so little about it that was erotic that it would have been more productive to leave the description as psycho . Not worth my $ 1.99 or my 45 mins , I wish I could get them both back . : - -LRB-
 After perhaps one of the best seasons ever , Season 9 , SG-1 Season 10 became such a disappointment to me upon viewing it . What a bomb ! While I understood all the niceities of the series being pulled by Sci-Fi Networkthat was really no reason to loll out on the episodes which seemed to be more narratives on back slapping and teary eyed moping about than about maintaining the excellent storyline continued over from Season 9 . Oh I see , Of course , THERE WERE GOING TO BE DVDS to follow and to maintain the continuity . EXCUSE ME ! I think the continuity got lost when the fish jumped out of Jack 's pond !
 This is a great series and deserved a better final season . Too many episodes were filler and inconsequential . And the last episode was a time dilation episode so it really did n't count , for which they have a too great fondness . Every `` what if '' episode lacks much imagination and they keep up their affinity for killing off races and illogical plot twists . I have been a fan for all ten seasons and I wish they would have spent more season ten episodes on SG1 and characters and plots of consequence .
 Really ? The Quest , Part 2 -LSB- HD -RSB- is missing wtf gives Amazon get your shit together , enough with this fail changes hurry and fix it I am bored !
 trying to get the rest of my stargate collection , so far the 2 sets i recived that were both labeld `` NEW '' on the shrink-wrap , and cases having their `` tamper resistant '' band on the top . show signs of wear , for this set -LRB- season 10 -RRB- , disk 2 of volume 1 looked like it was dropped on the floor , and scraped up with greasy fingers . so , id hardly call it new . disk 1 of volume 1 looked like it had been in a binder . and it also had fingerprints.thankfully none of the disks from season 10 set have file or corruption issues , i will keep this set , but will go back to brick and mortar stores for my media needs.the season 8 set i ordered had fingerprints on every disk , and looked like it also had been in a binder . not to mention one episode will not play -LRB- using a computer the disk shows corruption on a file VTS_01_1 . VOB -RRB- so no , these sets were NOT `` New '' as they were labeled ...
 I opened the case for the first time and the DVD case immediately began crumbling apart near the spine and disc 5 has trouble reading two of the episodes
 The tenth season of SG-1 was in my opinion the weakest of the series . I only bought this set to complete my collection . The Ori in season 9 were very well realized -- and the end of season 9 cliff-hanger left me waiting anxiously for Season 10 . Unfortunately , much like the last two seasons of the X-Files , SG-1 's creators did n't capitalize on what was available at all . Instead the season was basically filler with the actors -LRB- well aware that this was the last season -RRB- sleep-walking through their well-worn roles . Even the attempts to mix humour into the series this season fell flat . One of the worst CGI dragons you could ever imagine served as the threat at mid-season . . a sad end to a great TV series .
 I am extremely disapointed in the Season 10 DVD series of episodes . The entire final episodes are not included . If I had known this in advance , I would never have purchased the Season 10 package . Someone really made a bad mistake in allowing the Season 10 to be deficient of episodes.Stargate SG-1 - Season 10Does Stargate SG-1 Season 10 disc 4 make the season 10 COMPLETE ? I would appreciate a response to my REVIEW . Thanks
 The Gate and Atlantis have always been a shoot em up bang bang , however the last two seasons have the `` good guys '' descending to unnecessary murder and torture . The service however was 5 star .
 I just finished watching season 10 and I was so very disappointed with the final season . The episodes seeemed to lack the creative writing that was the salvation of this series over all the years . Perhaps the last two episodes highlighted the problems with season 10 the most . The stories were not original , not well planned and thought out , and so full of holes you can drive a MALP through them . The Asgard up and die after giving SG-1 and their ship ALL their great technology . So after they installed all that technology on the ship , it ca n't take a couple of hits from a Prior ship ? Please ! We are talking about the Asgard here ! The ship should have been able to perform much better than that and then they get stuck -LRB- again -RRB- in a time dialation field.It just seemed like the writers gave up trying to make the stories logical and fresh . Too bad but at least it makes me not want to see a Season 11 so I guess that is something !
 So I 'm watching this episode and I 'm thinking extend the field to the hull and fly away , needless to say that never happened . Ahhh well at least I 'm done with this series and it was just as bad as I thought it would be with a few shining moments . Out of all ten seasons their are a handful of episodes that give you a glimpse into what the series could have been . Too bad , this is all they have to show for ten years ... oh well.This episode is one that was basically pointless as many solutions existed but none were used because they wanted to guide the story down a useless path . They wanted story elements that should have happened that did n't happen all crammed into one episode so it was pretty dull .
 What a morose way to end such a fun series . I always said that if they ever began taking this show seriously , it would come to a bad end , and I was right . It 's like , we 're ending the season with no sense of humor . In fact , we 're gon na off the Asgard by letting them commit mass suicide and then we 're going to spring a Greek tragedy on poor T'ealc . This show succeeded through its sense of humor -LRB- why else watch a show where everyone within three galaxies all speak 21st century English ? Duh ! -RRB- . Now it fades into oblivion without any sense of fulfillment . What a shame . Maybe that 's why this season is going for $ 29 ! I 'd rather buy two copies of Season 1 ! How do I pick zero stars ?
 I never received this title from the seller so I do not know how good it is . I have attempted to contact the seller twice by email and they have not been answered . So I will be sure not to purchase any more items from the same contact name .
 Put simply Stargate was my favorite sci-fi series . The final season was just not good and the ending was the worst ever .
 im sure this would be great but being from northern ireland i wasnt able to play them on my dvd player , i would have to buy an american dvd player to see them
 What was once a top notch , adventure had lost a bit of steam by the tenth season , if , for no other reason , RDA left and he was a pretty important element . Still a quality show but integrating half the team with Farscape actors sent a bizarre message . For completists , it 's probably worth getting , though but it 's good that they went out when they did , as opposed to stretching things too thin.It IS America 's longest running sci-fi show but not the worlds . Doctor Who did go for 22 years continuously before a one time 18 month hiatus and 26 years total on the classic series as a whole . Thankfully Guiness world book corrected that recently as some of us over here really ca n't count but I 'm fairly sure that 26 or even 22 years is longer than 10 -- i 'm fairly certain , even when one tries to make up loopholes that do n't stand up . End the goofiness . Heck , just the new series of whop ALONE is more popular over there than just about anything and they 're already in production on their 4th season . But fear not , Stargate fans , SG1 still had a great run and was a great show !
 I am HUGE SG-1 fan but thought this season bombed , especially the finale . I would use a more colorful word but wo n't . Waiting to tie things up in a few later movies is a cop-out . I am glad to see this show end , given the way they handled the 10th season . Good-bye !
 good evening I am really very disappointed to see that MGM & 20th century fox are lying company . With the arrear of the DVD Box Set it wrote there are French language . Really great in French , only 4 episodes is dubbed . I bought dark angel season 2 and the pretender season 4 in the USA ALL the episodes are dubbed in FRENCH !! What a shame it 's scandalous !!! Fortunately that there is subtitled !
 A suspense thriller ? Really ? Teletubbies has more chills . And apparently the ` based on a true story ' tag line refers to the fact that there was , indeed , an artist named Caravaggio . Shocking . Everything else in this flabby snoozer is the invention of a screenwriter who probably had more tattoos than teeth . The film is boring beyond belief , gross , cliche-ridden , poorly acted and excruciatingly dull . The indoor scenes are so poorly lighted , you can hardly see what 's going on , much of the dialogue is mumbled , and the film moves so slowly in several sections I was n't checking my watch , I was checking the calendar to see if it was still today . I want a tee shirt , Amazon , that says `` I rented a Virgin and got screwed '' .
 24 fans -LRB- like myself -RRB- will watch Season 6 , for better or for worse , just for the heck of it . For newbies , I recommend Seasons 1-3 . They remain , the outstanding seasons of the series . Season 7 sounds like it might be better . I hope so , since the word on the street is that there were major rewrites . Looking forward to it .
 *** SPOILER WARNING *** Overall , this season of `` 24 '' was a huge disappointment . Of course the special effects and stunts were still great , but that is not why I have watched `` 24 '' . I watch `` 24 '' for the plot and for Jack to get the bad guys . On both counts , this season left me empty.I 'd classify the problems with this season into plot cogency and world view . In terms of plot cogency , the holes in the plot were just too many and too stark to not undermine enjoyment of the whole season . Of course , you have to suspend disbelief when watching a show like `` 24 '' , but only to a point . Just as a good illusionist uses artifice to divert attention so one can enjoy the trick , the writers of `` 24 '' should have taken more care to make the necessary artificial plot elements less salient . One example was very early in the day when Jack manages to escape from the torture/death chamber of Fayed . This chamber is somewhere in Southern California , and Jack knows this . After he gets out of that building complex , he breaks into a car and calls Bill at CTU . At this point , Jack knows rather precisely the likely location of Fayed -LRB- i.e. , in proximity to where Jack is at that moment , which he would either recognize from landmarks or would be identifiable via any number of other methods , e.g. , cellphone signal -RRB- . But instead , Jack and Bill act like there is no useful information as to where Fayed is and say as much . Much of the plot that follows concerns desparate attempts to get some information , any information , on where Fayed might be . This was risible , and a huge mistake in the writing . A second huge plot gaff was that anyone , Jack included , would be able to manage a `` day '' after 2 years of cruel imprisonment , torture , and deprivation , which would have clearly broken his body utterly as well as his mind . Just think of having the Americans who were imprisoned by the Iranians for 444 days run a half-marathon on the day they were released , or having John McCain swim a mile immediately after his P.O.W. experience came to an end.In terms of world view , what can I say , I think the writers of `` 24 '' indulged in an absolutely ridiculous New York Times/Obama fantasy in which Muslims can be brought to the `` negotiation table '' . Anyone who understands anything about jihad knows that this is an oxymoron
 Just finished watching season 6 on DVD . -LRB- I live in Europe and it has been out a few weeks already -RRB- Dumbest ideas ever in 24 . Fox should definetely fire the writers ! There got to be more qualified people out there?Don ` t buy it . Rather buy season 5 -LRB- which was great -RRB-
 The first season of 24 was very manipulative , but that manipulation was so skillful that the viewer did n't mind . I had never before watched a TV show that got me as emotionally worked up , waiting for the next episode to continue the story.Whereas season one strained credibility , season six took credibility out in the alley , beat it senseless , and then shot it in the head -- which sounds like something Jack Bauer would do.For me the show started to become almost laughably bad by the second half of the season . I felt that the characters had become cartoons , fumbling their way through ridiculously contrived new plot developments to fill out 24 shows.My friend still wants to see this season against my advice . I will give him my broadcast TV recordings of season six to watch , but I do n't believe the DVD set is worthy of a purchase . I give two stars because there are isolated parts of the show that are satisfying . Unfortunately the plot was unable to integrate those occasional good pieces into a coherent whole .
 THIS NEVER ARRIVED . I HAVE CONTACTED THE SELLER BUT ALL HE WOULD SAY WAS THAT IT WAS SENT . HE NEVER TRIED TO MAKE IT RIGHT .
 Season 6 is no doubt the worst of the six . At season 4 it was already clear that the producers are unable to acquire good acting talent and Sutherland 's suffering from nepotism increases with each season . The plot could have been made realistic were it not for Sutherland 's invincibility , awful playscript and poor acting performance . The script needs an extreme makeover in terms of vocabulary and whitty lines to prevent viewers like me going braindead having to listen to it.A `` C '' rated series with no depth and a producer and actor that clearly seems full of himself and it .
 Watch seasons 2-5 and you have an incredible portrayal of the man and the community that surrounds him . And you have great plot -LRB- with the dumb `` override '' section of season 4 a sorry exception -RRB- . Maybe there was nowhere to go after season 5 but down . Season 6 so far takes the hoakiness to a new level . The new CTU characters are more unlikable than ever , even O'Brian 's makeover seems to have really distorted her character . And Morris ? Why should I care if he drinks or not ? The potential of Karen Hayes to become a full-fledged character - as Michelle or the other female CTU head did - has so far been shelved and she now plays a one-dimensional 2nd fiddle to Peter McNichol 's patented grimaces and ticks . Nadia and her boyfriend are absolutely sickening to watch . The scene of them making out in CTU was the most insulting and shallow moment I 've ever seen on the show!Mr . Sutherland has expressed concerns abou the freshness of the show . We 've seen so many of these plot elements before ! Nuclear threat , presidential threat , CTU tortures its own , Jack tortures an always-guilty suspect . Oh God , PLEASE do n't let Kim appear again in another `` Perils of Pauline '' subplot!There is no change in the tone . It 's all at `` 11 '' all the time . That 's fine for Casino Royale , but not for a series.The few plusses I can think of
 It pains me to trash this show on Amazon , because seasons 1,2 , and 5 are truly great . This season feels like a made for basic cable action show that would air every Sunday at 2 AM . Every plot device , formula , etc. , is recycled here from the other seasons , almost to the point where they feel literally cut and pasted .
 I just finished watching season 6 and I 'm so disappointed by what used to be one of my favourite shows ! I 'd give 4-5 stars for episodes 1-10 , 3 stars for 11-18 and 0 stars for 19-24 . But since the end is very important , I only gave one star.The plot seems so confused , it does not seem right . A good point to end the season would have been approx . episode 18 , where the major opponents had been eliminated . But no - the season carried on ... I started to wonder.Amazon.com shows `` 2001 '' as production date . Is it possible that most of season 6 was produced in 2001 and then - maybe in the light of 9/11 - the season was put on hold and later reinvented ? Was Wayne Palmer added later to create a bridge to season 5 ? Since he spent most of the season in a coma I would not be surprised ; - -RRB- To me it seems like episode 18 was meant to be the end . And then some one started to cut out stuff in order to get some space to air it after season 5 . Some strange plot twists were added , namely Jack 's evil brother and father . Initially the Arabs were attacking , but then it was the Russians , then the Chinese and almost again the Russians , and Jack 's father helped them all . The White House was conspiring too . It 's as if they found it hard to pick an enemy and so chose to combine them all . 4 major enemies in one day ? Watching this did not feel like 24 hours but 24 days ... It 's the first time that 24 really bored me . I hope they do a better job on season 7 .
 This season of 24 started out very strongly with suspense at every turn . By a little past mid-season the writing -LRB- and many of the performances -RRB- completely fell apart .
 This season was such a disappointment .1 . Why is Wayne Palmer the President of the United States ? It does not compute , makes ZERO sense , and was a stupid move . Wayne was not even a compelling character - watching him during his coma scenes was hardly different than when he was `` on the job '' as President . The best part of Wayne 's Presidency was his evil Vice President Noah . He was awesome ! 2 . What ever happened to Charles Logan ? Did Martha kill him ? Did he survive ? Will he be back ? 3 . Who thought it was a good idea to kill Tony ? With Tony 's supposed death , a big part of why I love 24 died . I know that Tony may NOT be dead , since he did n't get the Silent Clock at the end of the episode ... please , let it be so .4 . Why did Jack have to KILL Curtis ? Are you telling me that he could n't have just shot him in the arm or in the thigh ? 5 . The entire twisted plot with Jack 's family was bizarre and unsatisfying.I admit , I spent most of the season reading Dave Barry 's real-time 24 blog while the show was on . It was much more interesting and exciting . I think the blog readers should write the next season . Something happened after the first four hours - which were , by the way , excellent - I could suspend my disbelief at Jack 's superb physical condition after being in a Chinese prison . It seemed like the writers ran out of creative energy after hour four.Here 's hoping season seven is an improvement . I have heard some rumors about certain characters returning , and I hope they 're true - otherwise , 24 will definitely have jumped the shark for me .
 The end of season five hinted that Jack would have to bust his way out of China . After a season that topped all others , and after a presidential betrayal , where else could they go , but someplace completely new?Instead they decided to play it cheap production-wise and simply resorted to tricks for tricks sake . It seemed like every two weeks , they trotted out a new -LRB- old -RRB- story line , hoping something would click , and when it did n't they killed some characters . A lot of the storylines went nowhere and were soon forgotten like so many Mexican drug cartels . This show is over . The shark has been jumped , but not before being tortured tooth by tooth for 24 toothless episodes .
 Season 5 was by most accounts a pretty great season of 24 . I 'm not sure I personally agree it was the show 's best , because it was in season 5 where the show began to revisit a few old themes and feel a little slow in the middle of the season . By and large though , there were enough interesting storylines and great acting to make up for whatever faults it might have had.Season 6 , however , is another story altogether . By the time Season 6 began , the show had a reached a point where it was suffering from `` overkill . '' Other than Jack himself -LRB- and Chloe -RRB- , most of the most popular characters -LRB- David Palmer , Tony Almeida , Michelle Dessler , Nina Myers , etc. -RRB- had already been killed off . One of the things that had made 24 great was that the show was willing to do away with anyone at anytime . It made the show unpredictable and rivoting . However , introducing new characters with no real ties to Jack does n't have quite the same impact . Sure , Bill Buchanon is an all-right guy , but we all know he 's just going to die anyway . Does anyone really care anymore ? He 's just another body in a large count at this point.This is one major problem the show faced at the beginning of season six . Nonetheless , the show had a lot of promise in the beginning . Jack -LRB- Kiefer Sutherland , still brilliant albeit not given the chance to shine as much this season due to weak material -RRB- had just been released by the Chinese and seemed beaten down and unable to be the hero he 'd always been . By the end of the show 's fourth hour , The United States faces a horrid attack that bring Bauer out of this weakened state . Unfortunately , it also marks the point where this season begins to suck.The new Jack was n't the heroic powerhouse the old Jack had been , but this was an interesting character development . Soon enough , Jack is just the same old Jack doing the same old things we 've always seen him do . Old Plotlines are repeated throughout the season including trying to remove the President from power , a mole in CTU who is n't really a mole , etc. . All of these ideas were great the first time we saw them , but it 's just getting old at this point . One of the greatest things about 24 was its ability to reinvent itself each season , but it just is n't enough of a reinvention anymore . And when we are offered new things -LRB- such as an introduction to the rest of the Bauer clan -RRB- , it just comes off lame.By the middle of the season , I was actually falling asleep in the middle of 24 episodes . That 's never a good sign . Fans urged me to keep my head up , assuring me there would be a twist coming that would make all the weak episodes worth while . Well ... that amazing twist never came . The show is coming back for a seventh season , but I just think this is a show that would have been better served to quit while it was ahead . Anyway , as much as people might hate me for saying so , I think this is a good season to skip altogether . The show 's legacy will really be judged by its first five great seasons , and it 's at that point now that some shows get to -LRB- The X-Files , for instance -RRB- where the best is over but they continue onward nonetheless . At least I still have LOST .
 I own all 1-5 seasons and love all of them very dearly . Obviously , I could n't wait to own the 6th season . Sigh ... Whoever wrote this season did a very very bad job . I could predict everything , every line , who was guilty , who will do this and that . Also , lines were so cheesy that I could not believe ! Usually , I watch this show for 24 hours without sleeping because I ca n't wait to see what happened after . But 6th season took me over a week to finish because it bored me so much . I only finished it just for the sake of finishing it . I do n't know if I should wait for the 7th season now . Very disappointed . But I 'll recommend the previous 5 seasons to everyone . Just do n't buy the 6th season . Not worth it .
 First off
 This season of 24 left me changing my mind every other week a new episode aired . The 1st 4 episodes ok . They had the right amount of action with a mixture of suspense . Only 2 problems with them .1 -RRB- The whole thing where Jack was going to sacrifice himself
 Is this important ? I 've got a lot on my plate right now . I 'm going to suggest to CTU , homeland security and the secret service to ban inter departmental relationships - they just do n't work . Oooh the evil arch enemy brother - so shakespearian . What a twist to have someone on the white house staff wearing a black hat and working against the president . Did not see that coming . Someone needs to introduce JB to the variable speed drill . We now have different settings available to us to apply to different situations . Similarly today 's actor does n't have to be either calm or screaming - he/she can use degrees of emotion . The season is worth watching just for the delivery of the image enhancement scene `` borrowed '' from `` no way out '' . Sure dad you can pick thru your sons belongings at CTU unsupervised-heck leads shmeads we 'll even turn off the cameras so we wo n't see you erasing phone numbers . What 's up with the Palmer presidencies ? They both somehow manage to select a cabinet that is diametrically opposed to their own politics and philosophies . How the hell does CTU pull up the plans for any given house in LA ? Is this the Matrix ? What happened to the nuclear fallout in Valencia ? For a guy who just spent 2 years in a Chinese prison to repeat another assault on a foreign consulate during his first few hours back on home soil is a wee bit far fetched , but the fact that he could , immediately after torturing the console , convince a soviet lackey to do his bidding is a complete sham . Rickey Shroder 's mini jack does n't exactly inspire , but it 's good to see everyone still questioning chain of command at CTU . Fun to see Rick the only assault team member on the front lines without a helmet . The Deadwood VP runs his office like a wild west saloon . The latest in an absurd series of characters hell bent on taking over the highest office in the land . Why no black hat to help out the poor viewer to decide if we should support his efforts . Hey we 're down to our last lead so lets proceed with as small a team as possible - perimeter be damned . He cut off his arm ! We 'll it 's been a few seasons since we had to cut off an arm . Does anyone screw up a surveillance detail like CTU ? Did you see the memo on tunnels ? I ` llll go ahead and see that you get one . Devane 's reaction to JB is off the wall-again with the black hat . The Ruskies threaten a declaration of war over bungled espionage that they largely initiated ? Seriously . Is CTU the easiest federal installation to infiltrate or what ? The rent a cop guards might as well have big red targets painted on them . Nice sting on the Rusky spy . Let 's use a complete neophyte and then set up 3 flights down in a truck . CTU should have a work station designated just for folks taking over command and and/or analyzing in-house screw ups . Did Ricky just say `` damn it '' ? Spring for a few more takes next time since that one lacked any conviction . The old bomb in the circuit board trick . JB the first secret agent ever unable to puncture an inflatable boat with a bullet . Since when ca n't you call off an air strike ? Heck they pulled it off in the Rock . Proceed with extreme caution .
 Let 's review
 I have watched 24 since its debut . It was at the time , the best show on TV . Perfect mix of action , suspense , emotion , with a new real-time format.All seasons have been high-quality , except for Season 4 , but I wo n't get into those details now . The problems I see with 24 in Season 6 are :1 . The show has become increasingly violent . Torture is used often , with fingers being cut as easily as blinking an eye .2 . The show is fostering the `` us against them mentality '' . But now it 's not just against Arabs , but also the Chinese , and the Russians . And the answer ? Let 's just nuke them . So with this approach , we can nuke half the world , and torture the other half . We will live happily ever after embracing our nukes until the radiation fallout from all the bombs we 've used reaches us .3 . Because torture and/or gore is so prevalent in the show , there is no element of surprise . For example , when Jack is looking for Gredenko , and CTU is still receiving a signal even though Jack ca n't find him ; I knew he had cut off his arm ; and left it behind .4 . Jack has become a character devoid of humanity . A torture provider . I think this is not only the result of having him use torture so often , but also the fact that all the characters who gave him his personal side are gone . I did not buy his story with Marylin . He just does n't seem capable of loving anyone anymore .5 . With the exception of a few characters like Bill Buchanan , and Karen Hayes , everyone feels like a caricature . Doyle seems to have been brought in as Jack 's replacement if Sutherland quits the show .6 . Chloe is as annoying as ever , but when the show was good , she was bearable , now she 's just another negative . Same for her boyfriend Morris .7 . Milo is not credible in the role , and his involvement with Nadia , and their kiss in the middle of the nuclear bomb crisis and in the office , was just ridiculous .8 . How many times are they going to recycle the same ideas ? Can we have some originality?In any case , this is it for me . No more 24 . Sad evolution for a show that from a scale of 1 to 10 was really a `` 24 '' .
 I have been one of the biggest fans of 24 . Due to that perhaps my expectations were raised because I loved all 5 seasons . But I have to say that season 6 was disappointing and did not offer the same level of grip to the plot and the show . Prior to watching Season 6 , I used to wish that the episodes just keep on going and not end , where as in this season I lost that spirit.I hope that in season 7 they recover . I am still gon na watch season 7 , and i sincerely hope this legacy show recovers itself and brings the same level of entertainment like it did before .
 This is , by popular opinion , the worst season of 24 . The season moves way too slowly , they tried to fit way too much into the season , the plot is basically just a bunch of recycled plot lines from previous seasons , and Wayne Palmer is President . Now , when I say this is the worst season , I just mean it is the worst season of 24 , which is not just my favorite show , it is one of the greatest things mankind has ever been blessed with . This season is not terrible , by any means . It 's just the weakest season in its series . This season still kept me entertained , and I was on the edge of my seat for parts of the season . I also thought this season had one of the best openings , and one of the best endings in the whole series.At the end of the previous season , Jack was kidnapped by the Chinese and put on a freighter bound for China . In my opinion , this season should have picked up right where season five ended . The season could have taken place in China . It could have involved Jack 's friends trying to rescue him . It could have had Jack being tortured for information . The season could have centered around Jack 's attempts to escape and/or cope with his environment . It could have been a very different season than all the ones previous . Instead , the season is set almost two years after the events of season five . The country in under attack by terrorist leader Hamri Al-Assad . They are being hit by suicide bombings . Abu Fayed , a former associate of Assad , has agreed to give the government Assad 's location in exchange for Jack Bauer . Years ago , Fayed 's brother was tortured to death by Jack . Fayed wants revenge . So President Palmer -LRB- Wayne , not David , unfortunately -RRB- makes some deals with the Chinese government to hand over Jack . Jack agrees to this , because he wants to die for something , as opposed to dying for nothing in a Chinese prison . CTU hands Jack over to Fayed , who begins to torture him . While he is torturing Jack , Fayed gloats that it is he , not Assad who is responsible for the attacks . Jack breaks free -LRB- after biting some guy 's neck -RRB- and saves Assad from being killed in an air strike by the U.S. military . Jack gets the president to offer Assad a deal , a pardon in exchange for help stopping the attacks . Assad agrees , but this angers Curtis . Jack finds out that years ago , when Curtis was working in special forces , Assad beheaded two of his men . Curtis still holds a grudge against Assad . When Curtis tries to kill Assad , Jack is forced to kill Curtis . Devastated by what he was just forced to do , Jack calls CTU and tells them that he can no longer work for them . Earlier that morning , Jack discovered that Fayed is constructing a nuclear bomb . A CTU field team is closing in on the bomb , thanks to some information provided by Jack . The team storms the garage the terrorists are holed up in , but the terrorists manage to set off the device . A nuclear bomb is detonated in Valencia , a small town outside L.A. See what happened there ? Jack quit CTU for five minutes , and terrorists were able to set off a nuclear bomb . CTU then discovers that the terrorists have four more of those bombs.So far the season has been pretty good . Unfortunately , it now starts to gradually go downhill . Now that a bomb has been set off , Jack decides he wants to get back in the game . So what was the point of killing off Curtis ? All it did was provide five minutes of drama . Jack said he was out , but now he 's right back in again . Anyway , Jack discovers that the bombs were stolen from a company run by his father Philip , and brother Graem . Graem tries to have Jack and Philip killed to cover his tracks . He is unsuccessful , and is tortured by Jack . When it looks like Graem might talk , Philip kills Graem . It looks like he is also evil . Then follows a completely convoluted thing in which Philip kidnaps Josh , Graem 's son , in exchange for Jack . He says he is going to kill Jack , but when Jack has his back turned , he disappears . He leaves a phone number for Jack to call . Jack finds himself talking to former President Charles Logan , who is under house arrest . This could have been good . Unfortunately , they do n't do anything with it . A few episodes later , Logan is stabbed in the shoulder by Martha , his ex-wife . He is rushed to the hospital , and starts to flatline . To this day , we do n't know what happened to Logan -LRB- although it is rumored that he might return in season 8 -RRB- . Bringing him into the story was completely unnecessary . He did n't do anything , except when they sent him into the Russian consulate to talk to that guy from Return of the King . But it did n't have to be him who did that , it could have been anyone . You do n't bring a major character into the story just to turn around and cut them back out . Meanwhile , Assad and Palmer have decided to start peace talks . Assad wants to try to negotiate his differences with America , and stop the violence he himself was once a part of . Unfortunately , a group of government officials try to kill President Palmer . They think he is a weak president whose leadership will only hurt the country . Assad is killed by the bomb , and Palmer is badly injured . Why did they bring Assad in if they were just going to kill him off ? What was the point of introducing his character if they were n't going to do anything with him ? With Palmer incapacitated , Vice President Noah Daniels takes over the presidency . And this guy is an idiot . Obviously , they were trying to put another moron in charge of things , to make it more difficult for Jack . But Daniels is such and idiot that he is just not realistic . People in previous seasons , like Ryan Chapelle , were realistic . They wanted to do things their way , which would have gotten someone killed . But there is always some kind of rationale behind their decisions . Daniels is just an idiot . He looks at any given situation , and always chooses the least intelligent option . After this , and after a couple of slow-moving episodes , Jack and CTU finally locate the bombs . Jack has a dramatic confrontation with Fayed , and hangs him from the ceiling . Jack then recieves a call from Cheng Zhi , the Chinese agent who oversaw his torture for the last two years . Cheng wants Jack to obtain a circuit board for him . The circuit board contains information about the Russian military . Cheng tells Jack that he has Audrey Raines , who is still alive . Earlier that day , Jack was informed that Audrey had died in a car accident in China . She was in China because she was looking for him . Now , it is made clear that she has been in Chinese custody the whole time . Cheng orders Jack to get the circuit board for him . If Jack refuses , she will die.Up until now , the season has been slowly going downhill . At this point , it tanks . Jack gets Audrey back , but Cheng escapes with the circuit board . Jack finds that Audrey has been severely traumatized through drugs that the Chinese gave her . She appears to have gone insane . Her father shows up and blames Jack for what happened to her . He says he does n't want Jack anywhere near her , and files a restraining order . The rest of the season has Jack and CTU trying to get the circuit board back . The whole thing culminates in a showdown at an oil rig . Cheng has been working with Jack 's dad Philip -LRB- who disappeared but now has suddenly been brought back into the story -RRB- . He has once again kidnapped Josh -LRB- a Chinese commando team invaded CTU and lost most of the team just to kidnap him -RRB- because he is going back to China and wants to take Josh with him . He has , as he sees it , lost both of his sons . He can now start over with his grandson . That has got to be the worst motivation for a villain I 've ever heard in my life . The Russians have threatened to start a war if the circuit board is not recovered or destroyed . The Vice President orders an air strike on the oil rig in attempt to destroy the circuit board . Jack and Bill decide to try to rescue Josh before the airstrike can be carried out . They succeed , and manage to capture Cheng as well . As soon as they are clear , Jack drops off the chopper and goes to find Audrey . I enjoyed the last fifteen minutes or so . Jack breaks into James Heller 's home and demands to see Audrey . He is angry and Heller , not only for blaming him for Audrey 's condition , but also for not getting him out of China . He intends to escape with Audrey . But after seeing her , he realizes that the best thing for her is that he be away from her . He leaves the house , and walks out to the beach . He appears to be contemplating suicide , and the season ends with a silent clock honoring his sacrifice.In my opinion , this season had one of the best openings , and also one of the best endings in the series ' history . But that could not save it from familiar , if not moronic twists throughout . As I said before , the plot is practically one recycled plot line after another . There 's nothing new here , and that chiefly makes it the worst season of this series . Another thing that makes the season bad is its lack of foresight . They start a plot line , and then realize they have no idea how to finish it . For example , Charles Logan and Assad . For many reasons , this is the worst season of 24 . But that does n't mean it 's a complete piece of trash . It 's the weakest season of 24 , but that is only because the other seasons are infinitely better .
 24 has always been leave-your-brain-at-the-door entertainment with an EXTREME dependence on suspension of disbelief , but Season Six is just too much . After getting better every year for five seasons , suddenly it seems that the writers & producers of the show forgot that there are limits to what we will accept even on a show like this . Wayne Palmer has no credibility or gravitas as President . The entire plot is absurd even by 24 standards - the U.S. `` has no other choice '' but to hand over Jack to a terrorist in order to `` save the country '' ? And this `` terrorist '' has the resources `` to make sure -LRB- the US -RRB- ca n't try to get him back '' ? And of course , just like every other season , the CTU headquarters is the only government agency in the world staffed with suspiciously attractive 30-something women in key positions of authority and people who can access anything from any computer in the world protected by any security system within three seconds . Watching a season of 24 is an investment of time , more so than other shows , and after watching the first episode of season six even the biggest fans of the series will wonder if they want to stick around until the end of this one .
 this season sucked . Bad story , bad characters worse execution of how ` immortal ' bauer is . Wayne Palmer president ?????? Bauer putting up with near death torture , then pulling off a huge escape without so much as limping?Okay it had its pluses -LRB- but very few -RRB- - the opening sequence , the end and some of the thrilling action sequences . But it generally sucked . Thank god they had the time to plan season seven to make it good.Following the awesome season five , season six just was n't up to par
 Season 1 was very good , and Seasons 2-5 were solid gold thru-out -- the best contemporary television has to offer in drama , engrossing plot , characters you care about and truly unprecedented addictive powers -- and I give 5-stars to each of them . That said , Season 6 was so misconceived it hurt to watch.My theory is that the producers ' time/talent was unfortunately divided between Season 6 and prepping for the 24 feature movie , which was said to have completed script as early last summer . Also , CTU -- as cool as that setting is -- had probably out-lived its potential as a place for set up big chunks of story . It peaked in `` Day 5 '' with the incredible poison gas sequences.I fear the '07 Writers Guild strike might prove to be a death blow to 24 -- since `` Day 7 '' has been officially postponed to -LRB- probably -RRB- 2009 . I hope this changes , but to date , it seems clear we will not see `` Day 7 '' in 2008 . But if 24 `` Day 7 '' rebounds to its former standards , there 'll be no fan happier than I. -LRB- ... right now I am really resisting an urge to cave in and buy `` Day 6 '' , but ultimately I know better than to revisit that truly saddening disaster . I 'll put `` Day 3 '' on instead -RRB- .
 BEWARE OF MULTIPLE SPOILERS ! I was looking forward to season 6 in order to see if the widely known dissappointment of fans was justified . For the first 4 discs -LRB- 16 episodes -RRB- I really thought fans were being too harsh even though the whole Bauer family history is preposterous and stupid . After finally watching the last 8 episodes I finally understood the anger
 Oy Vey . This season sucks . I mean , my God does this season suck . This is n't just my opinion , the writers of this season have gone on record calling this one the weakest of them all . Why ? The story . It 's bad.I 'd complain about the recycled plots , but everyone else is doing that , so I 'm going to complain about something else . This season rambles . Like an out of control train , it goes off the rails and crashes by the end . The plot , villain , and goals change at least five times . The first plot involves Abu Fayed , a terrorist who has five Russian Suitecase Nukes , and sets one of them off in LA. . The story is to get him ... for about five episodes . Then it turns out that Grahem Bower , Jacks ' brother , is Fayed 's boss and the goal is to now find out information from Grahem . Then Grahem dies , and the goal is again to get Fayed . Except Fayed is a red herring , and the real villain is a Russian general named Gredenko . Jack and CTU retrieve the nukes , only to be attacked by the Chinese -LRB- yes really , it 's as random as it sounds -RRB- . The Chinese attempt to steal this one computer chip from the suitcase nukes , and the goal of the plot is to now protect the chip . Then the Chinese goverment calls Jack , tells him they 've kidnapped Audrey , and to exchange the chip for her -LRB- I 'd tell them to keep Aurdrey -RRB- . So now the goal is to retrieve Audrey from China -LRB- remember when nuclear weapons were involved ? -RRB- . Then they get Audrey back , only to discover Jack 's mustache twirling villain of a father , Phillip has kidnapped Grahems interbred looking son Josh and is holding him hostage on an oil rig -LRB- Yes REALLY -RRB- . The goal of the story is to now save Josh , which is what ends the season.I 'm dead serious . Five villains . Six plots , stupid rambling crap . It all goes ` round in circles , and feels like a waste of time . Jack is irrelevant largely , he barely talks and since this was at the height of Kieffer 's drug usage , he 's practically a zombie . The new characters they introduce are either racist -LRB- Mike Doyle -RRB- , or boring -LRB- Nadia -RRB- . Nadia , oh God let me comment on Nadia.If you know anything about 24 , you know Muslims do n't get the best treatment , so it was decided to add a Muslim character to the cast . Nadia was that character ! And she was as dry and lifeless as the desert . Nadia worked at CTU doing ... something , it 's implied she has Bill 's job , except Bill is still at CTU . Anyways , Nadia does nothing . At all . She does n't add to the plot , she does n't have an interesting story , she does n't even give exposition ! Nadia contributed a love triangle , because God knows what 24 was missing was a love triangle . Why two men would fight over such a boring woman is never explained.Anyway , you 've got bad acting , dull characters , and a story that is so random , the producers decided to plan out all of Day 7 before it went into production . It 's a mess of a season . Avoid it and go on to the awesome Season 7 instead .
 24 Season Six is not as good as the other seasons . I guess the producers got lost on the track . I felt this one is more violent and senseless , and by the end I can tell they are thinking about Season Seven , but I do n't !
 If season 7 is as dramatic a departure for the show as the producers claim it will be , you should be able to pass over this train wreck of a season altogether . I recommend doing so . It is painful in every conceivable way . The sole highlight is an episode guest starring the fantastic Jean Smart as the former First Lady .
 There are many things wrong with this season , the weak cast/characters being among them . You have to remember , one thing that made this show great the first 5 seasons is that although it was not completely realistic , it did have some sort of realism . All of that was destroyed in season 6 . *** REST OF REVIEW IS SPOILER *** Before season 6 came out , I was hoping they would n't be so stupid as to make Jack 's arrival from the prison camp occur during the same 24 hour period that he is supposed to be running around stopping terrorists . Jack should have needed weeks if not months to recover from almost 2 years or so in a chinese prison camp.When Buchanan first saw Jack come off of the helicopter , he told CTU `` he 's worse than I thought '' . Jack could barely speak . Within 2 hours he 's running around fine screaming at the top of his lungs . You also notice that Jack is in tremendous physical shape . What was this prison camp , the chinese fitness prison camp ? This terrible oversight was not within the standards of realism that 24 had established the first 5 seasons.Early in the season , a terrorist plunges a sharp object into the nerve bundles near Jack 's collar bone . 2 or 3 hours later , Jack is able to pull himself up with both arms and kick a terrorist out of a train window ; he does this without so much as a grimace . Again , this is far outside of the scope of realism that was established throughout the first 5 seasons of 24 . The actor who played Wayne Palmer did not develop into the role of President until near the midpoint of the season . For the first 8 or so episodes , he is by far the weakest president 24 had ever seen . He begins to seem more presidential as the season goes on . Buchanan is a bore in this season , as is Karen Hayes . The Nadia character , although very nice on the eyes , seems to suck the life out of every scene with her sub-mediocre acting combined with the sub-mediocre story-line supplied to her.My next point here could have been my only point and still have proven that this season was crapola . There is a scene in season 1 where one of David Palmer 's aides has to fool Alexis Drazen in the hotel room . The EXACT same situation was redone with even similar dialogue towards the end of season 6 . That is truly pathetic . 24 sometimes reuses similar storylines , but makes it different enough to be passable ; not this time.Just before I was ready to finish this post , I remembered something else . Graham Bauer says that Terri Bauer died 7 years ago , yet , if you follow the 24 timeline , many years more than 7 have passed between season 's 1 and 6 ; more awful writing.You have to understand , this show was a certain amount real from seasons 1-5 . Once a show establishes a realm of reality , it needs to stay consistent within itself . 24 unfortunately fails to do this in season 6 . If you are not familiar with the show , you may love this season . There is a block of some great episodes around the time that Logan appears.If you 're new to 24 , watch seasons 1-8 , but exclude this season . It is useless in regards to the series ' storyline .
 Most of the other reviews here have captured the disappointment of 24 fans . I was , and suppose am still , the kind of fan that forbade anyone to call or interupt me while watching the show . I wanted to be swept up in it and often was . Even though some elements of the show repeated themselves over the seasons , it was still done in a fresh and suspenseful way . The sixth season ? It became almost a parody of itself . Too many torture scenes , too much patriotic rhetoric pounded over our heads as justificition for what was happening , too little interpersonal interaction . One of the reasons Season 5 was so good was that we got to see more sides of characters like Buchanan , or the arc Karen Hayes had , or the complex relationships between the Logans . I wo n't beat a dead horse with more critique , but here 's to hoping season 7 will bring back the edge of your seat excitement we all love about the show ...
 I entirely agree with those reviewers who think season 6 was awful . Having said that , I actually thought the season had gotten off to a promising start ... too bad it went off the rails so quickly . For me , the major drawing point of the show has always been -LRB- Sutherland 's brilliant portrayal of -RRB- the character of Jack Bauer . Here we have -LRB- or had , anyway -RRB- a finely nuanced take on the classic tragic hero figure . What made Bauer such a compelling character in previous seasons was that he was always presented as the only person who could get the job done , the guy to whom all the really hard choices would invariably fall . For example , decisions about whether to resort to the extremity of torture.Whatever your ethical and political views about the legitimacy of torture as a means of extracting information in the real world , I think most of you would agree that , in the past anyway , 24 's depiction of this was always very earnest , if not quite sophisticated . -LRB- Lengthy philosophical discussions about rights vs. utility vis a vis torture would likely not make for very good ratings . -RRB- With season 6 , unfortunately , this earnestness has virtually disappeared.Part of what was so fascinating about Jack Bauer was that the guy was nearly always the one who ended up having to do the `` interrogating . '' You could n't help but wonder what his continually having to commit these horrific acts might be doing to him on the inside ; and to my mind , this is really where Kiefer Sutherland 's acting chops shone through . In fact , we were given a glimpse into Bauer 's damaged mental interior when , early on in season 6 , he watches in horror as Hamri Al-Assad tortures the guy who betrayed him to Fayed . He says `` I do n't know how to do this anymore ... '' or something to that effect.I was really hoping that this scene would be the start of a much more personal , self-probing psychological look at Jack Bauer as he begins to confront his inner demons . Obviously , the writers had other things in mind . In hardly any time , Bauer 's back in form , torturing and killing left and right . But this is a different Bauer from the one we 've seen in previous seasons
 This was easily the worst day of 24 ever . The first 4 hours were great -LRB- which is why it gets 2 stars and not 1 -RRB- and the rest of the day seemed to drag on with no real plot devlopment and storylines just being in there for the sake of being there . Another major problem was the lack of great actors that were previously on the show to replaced with hacks such as - Nadia , Doyle , New Palmer -LRB- and his sister who is super annoying -RRB- . The only good actors this season are Jack , Buchanon , and V.P. Daniels -LRB- Powers Booth from Sin City and Deadwood -RRB- . Even if you are a diehard 24 fan skip this season as it is a complete waste . At best watch it for free - it would be a shame to waste money on it .
 If you have never seen a season of 24 , then maybe you 'd like Season Six much more than I did . I 've seen much of the story line before , and what is new , I wish I had n't seen . Did anyone really need a love interest for Cloe ? Can you say zero chemistry ? The characters are weak , -LRB- Jack 's dad and brother - really ???? Whatever . -RRB- It was rarely suspensful - felt like we 've been there before - oh wait , Jack escaping , shooting a good guy to help a bad guy and nuke explosion . Yup , been there .
 Man , things were going great for the most violent prime time TV show ever -LRB- less the killing of Curtis - one of those moments where clearly the writers simply wants to shock the audience or need to get rid of the actor for some reason -RRB- . Things went downhill -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- after the Fayed plot was solved . By `` downhill '' I do n't mean disater , because a show of this magnitude , where each episode has so many differnt scenarios , shot on locatiosns cenes , special effects , etc , rarely is mediocre . You get the feel that the everyone involved is giving their best.What I mean by downhil is the above mentioned people -LRB- cast , producers , technical guys , writers -RRB- giving their best for a flawed premise . The Chinese / Russian plot was so farfetched , so forced , so unplausible . After all , the advantage of obtaining some secret technologie about your enemy is useful since he does not know that you possess his defense technology ! Also , to see Audrey Raines appears only briefly and as a `` zombie '' was a bad call.Well , that 's it . Anyway , I think the show still did not jump the shark , but this will happen soon .
 This was an incredibly maddening season - it just seemed to go from one preposterous weakness to another . It STARTED with a nuclear explosion on American soil . Where do you go from there ? By the middle of the season -LRB- 12 hours into the story -RRB- everyone seems to have forgotten that we had just suffered a nuclear holocaust ! The former president is stabbed by his nutty ex-wife and then ... nothing ! He , his ex and former Secret Service agent Aaron just disappear . This happens to characters throughout the season . All this may be explained by the fact that the writers publicly admitted that they had no bible - no pre-planned story arc . They were making it up as they went along ! This is NOT storytelling ; it is the video equivalent of a child attempting to convey a story and continually saying `` and then . . and then ... and then . '' This series gets one more chance with me . If it does n't show me something next season , that 's it .
 This is a review of the show itself and does not suggest anything about the quality of the DVD package or special features contained within this set.Season 6 of 24 started out and seemed to be a very promising season at first . After 4-5 episodes that were very close to the magic captured in earlier seasons the dialog , characters and plotlines spiraled out of control . Old dead plotlines were rehashed for no apparent reason and no real effect on the story . New characters were introduced with the sole reason of replacing old characters . They were so bad we begged for their death , begged for Tony to come back . The same plotlines were introduced from every season previously -LRB- CTU HAS A MOLE ! JACK IS OUT OF CONTROL ! HE 'S GONE ROGUE ! -RRB- . I faithfully tuned in every week to watch the train wreck . Having invested hours and dollars into the previous five seasons I just could n't give up no matter how awful it was . Surely the season would finish with a bang ? Surely it would redeem itself as the clock ticked down ??? The final episode might have been the most disappointing of all . The main plot ends approximately halfway through the final episode in a complete anti-climax of grandly apathetic proportions . The last half of the episode features various characters grimly reflecting on just how bad their day was and just how tortured Jack 's soul must be after six very very long days ! And to cap it all off we dig up another old plotline and toss Jack into it just so he can show how tortured he is , in case we did n't get it already . The episode ends like a Christian Rock Band music video , Jack soulfully staring off into the sunset , eyes filled with sadness and pain ... but yet , a glimmer of hope.Because Jack knows that season 7 is coming . And Jack knows that me , being the sucker I am will probably watch it , partially in hopes the show will redeem itself and partially to continue watching the train wreck . HOWEVER . One thing I will not do is buy another season of 24 on DVD . My collection stands at 5 and stays at 5 , and Season 6 will never be cheap enough to warrant a purchase .
 I 'm a hardcore fan , but I was Immensely disappointed with this season . DO NOT waste your money on this garbage ! The price is fine as usual on Amazon , but it 's the product that sucks ! Staya away ! You have 5 other good seasons to see .
 I THINK KIEFER IS GREAT AS WELL AS ' 24 ' OF COURSE . I THINK THIS IS A GREAT SHOW UP UNTIL SEASON SIX SORRY TO SAY . THEY BETTER START DOING SOMETHING DIFFERENT OR THEY 'RE NOT GOING TO LAST . THE FIRST THING THEY SHOULD DO IS GET OUT OF CALIFORNIA . THE PLACE HAS NO CHARACTER . BEAUTIFUL ? YES . CHARACTER ? NO ! THEY SHOULD START FILMING IN NEW YORK OR CHICAGO . I 'M TELLING YOU THE TRUTH .
 Ordered this on Oct 26th and to date still have not received.Tryed emailing seller and received no response . Would not suggest purchasing from this seller
 What would I have wanted to know before I purchased the product ? Perhaps that I was never going to receive the product in the first place !!! Still no season 6 of 24 and no refund either . Seller does not reply.Will never use Amazon.com again . I learned my lesson.Joyce Harris
 What was beginning in season four continues
 First of all , ignore any review from prior to 5/21 , because 5/21 is when the season was over and it took a substantial turn for the worse about 6-8 hours prior to its completion -LRB- early April of its TV showing -RRB- . I have watched all seasons of 24 and this is the worst one . It actually started well but it basically finished about 3/4 of the way through and then , inexplicably -LRB- actually not so inexplicable ; there were still 6 or so hours left -RRB- , went on some almost totally unrelated tangent . I am sure that the writers simply did not realize that they were running out of script , finished at around hour 18 and then asked themselves `` Now what ?! '' and sadly came up with another 6 episodes to throw on the TV . There is a weak relation between `` Chapters 1 and 2 '' and chapter 2 -LRB- what I consider the last quarter of the season -RRB- is hyperbolic , ludicrous , and just silly.I would recommend people either finish this season when the primary catastrophe is averted or simply not watch it at all . I know I will not watch next season . I 've had quite enough of 24 now , and apparently the writers have , too . Time to put this old horse down .
 Season Six revealed the artifice of `` 24 '' and the show may never recover . The spell may have been broken , through a fragmented plot and unbelievable -LRB- even for artifice -RRB- developments . I knew there was trouble brewing from the beginning , when Jack recovered from bearded , beaten , and malnourished to quickly give himself a great haircut . In the true `` 24 , '' the reality of how he got from Point A to Point B would have been the basis for an interesting series of events . Through much of this season , it seemed like an outtake reel of a number of different seasons strung together in hopes it would make sense . It never really did . If Season 7 does n't recapture the grit of minute-by-minute , excruciating action and tension , the jig may be up for `` 24 . ''
 24 is one of the best tv series out there . i would guarantee it to people who like action packed series . theres a lot of action scnes and explotion , and the girls are sexy to . kiefer sutherland is one of the best actors on tv right now , my friend kelly loves him but keeps pronouncing her name as kipper sutherland . WTF ! -LRB- what the friday ! -RRB- : -RRB-
 This will be the first season not worth buying on DVD . Ultimately it makes me very unhappy to have to break a set , but there was n't much redeeming about day 6 of 24 . They started way too big and just could n't maintain . Now it sounds like day 7 production is off to a poor start . I do n't know maybe this wonderful series just ends at day 5 . In any event it was a wonderful ride ...
 Every year I buy 24 on DVD . I was hooked instantly by the first season , as many others were hooked . Season 2 was good as well but during seasons 3 and 4 , I had to constantly convince myself to take the series as entertainment only and overlook some of re-ocurring plot twists that drive the show . Season 5 was one of the better ones with the elimination of some very key chracters from years passed and a stunning plot twist.But Season 6 dipped the series back to mediocrity as I found myself convincing my brain to again accept the retreaded incidents that the writers use to push the story along and try to keep viewers engaged . -LRB- WARNING
 I have gotten each season of 24 for CHRISTmas the last few years , but this year will be different . As others have stated , season five was just about the best of 24 's previous 5 seasons . With high hopes abound , season six was a huge disappointment for several reasons . Jack as a badarse just is n't believable anymore . Sutherland has never been buff daddy but its like he went on nutrisystem for this season . Alright ... alright ... I know he was in a Chinese prison , so maybe he did it for the role , but I just do n't believe or by in to him being a bad dude anymore . Thats a small thing for me , but still a factor . Secondly ; almost all the characters that we loved and cared about are gone with the exception of Rush Limbaugh 's secret love Chloe . She 's the only one left , and the new characters do n't grip you enough to care about them . Then on top of that Jack kills his only real friend left in the world to help a terrorist ! That is just too much ! Story lines were often slow moving and frankly boring . I dvr the show because I work third shift , and I found myself skipping thru much of the show . I 'd say over half the show is just boring chatter that does n't grip you at all . Now we have Jack 's Dad as a traitor ? Geeze ... what 's next his Mother will be a secret terrorist or agent and not really dead ? This is getting old stupid and boring writers . Is Vince Flynn still writing for the show ? If so then please ditch him , if not then please bring him back ASAP ! He 's my favorite writer and I own all his books , so I ca n't imagine him writing for this crappy arse season . There simply were n't enough of Jack being Jack and all the folks I care about are gone . I ca n't believe season 7 will be any better , but I hope they go out in style . I wo n't pick up this season , until I can buy it cheap . It 's not worth the full price at the moment . This season was so under the bar that this dvd set wo n't be under my Christmas tree this season .
 OK we get it . LA is the only place terrorists care about , blah blah blah , The twists are mostly predictable , the good characters remain good but the others are getting hard to take . The suspension of disbelief necessary here is almost off the charts - even for this show . Like for example , Jack would be the last person ever to keep any security clearance given his ... connections . That is all that I will say . Season 7 better be very good or its time to move on.Or , as my son said , a `` disgusting waste of my life . ''
 How bored and disappointed was I with Season 6 ??? So much so that I did n't watch the season finale . I 've been an avid fan of 24 since season 1 . I even went out of my way to spread the good news of Jack Bauer to friends and family . Only to be embarrased by this season . I really do hope that next season is better . But I agree with one of the other comments . Everyone that Jack relied on are basically dead , except for annoying Chloe.And WHAT was the deal with bringing the Logans back ??? Is Charles dead , did she get put into a mental institution , did Aaron go back to work for the president ??? What happened with the people that were exposed to the radiation ??? All I can honestly say is that I hope that Season 7 is good and Season 8 should be kick a ** and should DEFINITELY be the last season .
 First , like many of you , I 've been a big fan of 24 for a long time . Days 1 and 2 were some of the greatest tv seasons ever , and even on day 5 killing so many important characters the writers of 24 found a way to continue with the show . But now without Tony and just almost nothing to make new , the show has gone old . Please kill Bauer , so we remember only the good days !
 I was so dissappointed when i notice that there were two disc missing from this package . Maybe it was an oversight on my part . but the seller should have put this in big bold letters that they did not have all of the discs to season six !!! Now i have to either return the package -LRB- which is a cost to me -RRB- and/or buy another set of season six . Buyers be ware !
 Disc 2 was damaged and we were unable to watch parts of the movie . The seller disclosed there were scratches but that they did n't impair being able to watch the DVD .
 24 is awesome . Buy season six anywhere but on amazon unless you want to spend twice as much as you need to .
 I bought the Six Season , and painfully made it through it . I know , why watch it ? Because I have been watching it from the beginning and had hope that it would get better . Some of the stuff is getting old ... always having a traitor or accused traitor inside CTU , interrogations are always the same , and stuff that is just not believable and way too much backstabbing . And that little grunt noise that Sutherland does , is that part of his character or just him ?
 WHAT A WASTE ! It 's the same scenerio ... thank you Jack for saving the world a-g-a-i-n -LRB- moan -RRB- . It 's worth renting , and I wish I would have . The only thing I thought this season would be good for would be some sort of drinking game . One shot every time you hear `` Jack Bauer . '' Sigh . Those college days ... I 'm dissapointed , but what can ya do ?
 I received my season 6 in loosly wrapped plastic paper . I am not pleased that a box was NOT RECEIVED . I am a collector of the 24 series and will NOT use this company again.John B. Mason III
 I have been watching `` 24 '' on dvd for a couple of years now . I never did see it `` first run '' on fox ? I truly enjoyed seasons one through five ... I would have difficulty in narrowing down my FAVORITE season ?? BUT ... Season Six ??? WHAT HAPPENED ?? I had a tough time getting through it ? Not enough Jack ?? -LRB- where was he ? -RRB- The plot `` turns ' just not interesting ... found myself -LRB- sadly -RRB- falling asleep ... no matter , I still LOVE `` 24 '' ... and Jack ... I am looking forward to season 7 ... there 's no way it could be as dissapointing as this !
 I love 24 , but season 6 is my least favorite . There were so many parts of this story , and characters that I did not enjoy . So glad the other seasons did not make me feel this way .
 The only thing good about this video is the opening song sung by Rosemary Clooney.This was a terrible sequel to the original movie . Different cast , different feel . Rent the video before you buy this one .
 PEYTON PLACE was a fine movie . So naturally they did a sequel.None of the stars of the original returned -LRB- they must have known -RRB- . The talent-free , Carol Lynley , once again proves that . The only good thing in this is Mary Astor and they cut her part a lot.Stick with the original .
 Alison MacKenzie -LRB- this time played by Carol Lynley -RRB- lands a book deal , which takes her away from Peyton Place to hobnob with a big-time New York publisher -LRB- Jeff Chandler -RRB- . When her thinly veiled account of the townspeople is released , she finds herself drawn back to her hometown to face the consequences.The first film was nothing much , and this one is even less so . Just a humdrum soap opera with little energy in either the performances or the direction by Jose Ferrer .
 My gawd ... what was I thinking when I bought this , but , I just had to after watching ` Peyton Place ' a million times and enjoying it so much . Do not bother with this rubbish ... It is such a big disappointment
 After seeing both Peyton Place and the sequel I can tell you that I could tolerate the recast , Carol Lynley and Tuesday Weld were wonderful in their perspective parts . But I have to wonder was it only the cast that changed in this sequel did the writers change as well ? My reasons for asking , the glaring inconsistencys to the original movie . Over and over in this film it is stated that Selena was raped when she was thirteen , yet in the original film Selena , Alison and the others were graduating from high school when the incident occured . Since when do thirteen year olds graduate from high school , also she looked pretty mature for thirteen . Then there 's Selen ` as boyfriend -LRB- whose name escapes me at the moment -RRB- in the original film he stood by her , through the murder charges , the revelation of the rape , and the miscarriage , yet in the sequel I 'm suppose to buy that he could n't handle any of it dumped her and left town where he met and married someone else . Then all the towns people after being put in their place by the town Doctor all rallied together at the end of the original film to give their support of Selena , yet in the sequel she is considered the town outcast ? I have nothing against sequels even with recast but this one strayed way too far from its original film that all creditbility for it as a sequel went out the door . It was all too obvious that the original film was n't taken into account when writing the sequel . Not credible at all .
 Hollywood decided they knew better than Grace Metalious and gutted her sequel to Peyton Place , leaving nothing but the names of the two main characters in place . Do n't waste your time on this completely deceptive `` sequel '' , unless you 're doing a college thesis on Hollywood movies that have absolutely no redeeming qualities .
 THIS MOVIE IS A TURKEY . IT MADE ENTIRELY NO SENSE . THE FIRST MOVIE PEYTON PLACE WAS A PURE JOY . SO NATURALLY I WANT TO SEE THIS ONE . BIG MISTAKE . I WATCH AND DID N'T GET WHAT IT WAS ABOUT . AND STILL NO CLUE WHAT IT WAS ABOUT . STAY AWAY FROM THIS TURKEY . JUST WATCH SOMETHING ON T.V.
 I grew up more with Porky 's , Revenge of the Nerds among others , So When I decided to watch this on Netflix cause it was from the 80 's , I made a bad decision , It has it 's funny moments but the Audio/editing is off , the plot is there but the final product just ca n't hack it to me . I really like though The Kid getting the Corvette , Although if you pay attention he 's looking at a 1980 Corvette brochure and the car itself when he is in it later on is a 1978/1979 . The Caddy is cool , the gun Instructor Lady Is beautiful with a nice rack , And Antonio Vargas makes brief funny appearance with hardly any dialogue .
 With the box office success of Animal House , Hollywood churned out dozens of hopeless imitators . Up the Academy is one of those `` comedic '' films that tried to capture the 15 to 30 viewer market . The movie completely strikes out . There is not a single line , scene , or actor that is funny . The film 's only saving grace is the appearance of a gorgeous , brunette , dynamo named Candy played by Stacey Nelkin . Nelkin dominates every scene she is in . Her angelic eyes , face , and smile is counterbalanced by a drop dead killer body . Her bust is magnificiently displayed in a white satin bra when in one scene she sexually attacks her boyfriend . Stacey Nelkin should have been the pin-up girl of the 1980 's , but she has slipped into obscurity . Unflattering roles in Going Ape and Halloween - Season of the Witch did nothing to enhance her stunning sex appeal . She was cast as the sixth replicant in Blade Runner but her part was cut due to an escalating budget . Instead we are stuck with watching an ugly Daryl Hannah perform ridiculous backflips ? as the only female replicant in the movie . I recorded this movie from HBO many years ago because of Stacey Nelkin 's sexy performance . Her part should have been expanded , then maybe the movie would be worth watching in its ' entirety . Instead I fast forward to the scenes in which Stacey appears . Those scenes are the only ones worth watching .
 Well , it 's not that I do n't like comedies . I have seen THIS IS SPINAL TAP at least 50 times . I can quote whole pages from Monty Python scripts . And I loved AIRPLANE , AB FAB , FAWLTY TOWERS -LRB- and most other Britcoms -RRB- . But this film was sooooo boring , soooo turgid and obvious and unoriginal and just ... a sheer nothing.Story is about about a diverse group of misfit kids at a military school . Same comedic subgenre as POLICE ACADEMY and STEWARDESS SCHOOL . But if UP THE ACADEMY was gon na recycle old jokes , could n't they have picked the funny ones?Barbara Bach is wasted in this film -LRB- at least in the few minutes of screen time she has -RRB- .
 The only thing good about this video is the opening song sung by Rosemary Clooney.This was a terrible sequel to the original movie . Different cast , different feel . Rent the video before you buy this one .
 PEYTON PLACE was a fine movie . So naturally they did a sequel.None of the stars of the original returned -LRB- they must have known -RRB- . The talent-free , Carol Lynley , once again proves that . The only good thing in this is Mary Astor and they cut her part a lot.Stick with the original .
 Alison MacKenzie -LRB- this time played by Carol Lynley -RRB- lands a book deal , which takes her away from Peyton Place to hobnob with a big-time New York publisher -LRB- Jeff Chandler -RRB- . When her thinly veiled account of the townspeople is released , she finds herself drawn back to her hometown to face the consequences.The first film was nothing much , and this one is even less so . Just a humdrum soap opera with little energy in either the performances or the direction by Jose Ferrer .
 My gawd ... what was I thinking when I bought this , but , I just had to after watching ` Peyton Place ' a million times and enjoying it so much . Do not bother with this rubbish ... It is such a big disappointment
 After seeing both Peyton Place and the sequel I can tell you that I could tolerate the recast , Carol Lynley and Tuesday Weld were wonderful in their perspective parts . But I have to wonder was it only the cast that changed in this sequel did the writers change as well ? My reasons for asking , the glaring inconsistencys to the original movie . Over and over in this film it is stated that Selena was raped when she was thirteen , yet in the original film Selena , Alison and the others were graduating from high school when the incident occured . Since when do thirteen year olds graduate from high school , also she looked pretty mature for thirteen . Then there 's Selen ` as boyfriend -LRB- whose name escapes me at the moment -RRB- in the original film he stood by her , through the murder charges , the revelation of the rape , and the miscarriage , yet in the sequel I 'm suppose to buy that he could n't handle any of it dumped her and left town where he met and married someone else . Then all the towns people after being put in their place by the town Doctor all rallied together at the end of the original film to give their support of Selena , yet in the sequel she is considered the town outcast ? I have nothing against sequels even with recast but this one strayed way too far from its original film that all creditbility for it as a sequel went out the door . It was all too obvious that the original film was n't taken into account when writing the sequel . Not credible at all .
 Hollywood decided they knew better than Grace Metalious and gutted her sequel to Peyton Place , leaving nothing but the names of the two main characters in place . Do n't waste your time on this completely deceptive `` sequel '' , unless you 're doing a college thesis on Hollywood movies that have absolutely no redeeming qualities .
 THIS MOVIE IS A TURKEY . IT MADE ENTIRELY NO SENSE . THE FIRST MOVIE PEYTON PLACE WAS A PURE JOY . SO NATURALLY I WANT TO SEE THIS ONE . BIG MISTAKE . I WATCH AND DID N'T GET WHAT IT WAS ABOUT . AND STILL NO CLUE WHAT IT WAS ABOUT . STAY AWAY FROM THIS TURKEY . JUST WATCH SOMETHING ON T.V.
 The film is excellent , but the Korean DVD is not . Horrid transfer , with blocked up blacks , washed out whites and overall soft image . Do n't waste your money as I did . Why 20th Century-Fox Home Entertainment has n't yet released this offically is a mystery , but I recommend writing to them and waiting .
 This movie ranks tops in the Spy genre and , in my opinion , James Mason 's performance here is his very best in a long career of great performances . But painfully , neither this DVD nor its listed clone come anywhere close to a decent product . The transfer is bad all around , with the worst part being a headache-causing jerky film speed . My advice
 That 's all I have to say.This is no Halloween part 1 , a gem of a slasher movie , but it 's better -LRB- WAY better -RRB- than Halloween 6 , which was a scary as well , but plodding and an unoriginal piece of tripe that leaves you scratching your head in befuddlement.It 's twenty years later and Micheal has come back for another round of mass murder.This time he manages to pull it all off with style , and much suspense abounds.Originality is still a problem however , as this is a virtual composite of Halloween 1 , and 2 , Black Christmas , Friday the the 13th parts 1,2,3 , and 4 , and Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer too of course.Nothing really new here see , and it does miss out on some chances to shake up the audience favoring some rather dull stretches of exposition.The last thirty minutes borders continually on dumb but a somewhat unexpected twist in the end and some smatterings of the original Halloween theme more or less make up for this.Ultimately this comes off as a diverting retread with fresh faces and Jaime Lee back in scream queen mode to spice things up.Worth at least a rental .
 This is a real BAD film !!! Comparing to the other new sacarry movies , it 's even worst than Urban Legend !! You think it does n't exist ? Watch it !! It 's well done , but the story and the screemplay are terrible .
 I was a teenager in the late 90s and if youre aware of the pop culture back then , youll notice that theyre trying to imitate almost every movie formulas that were popular in the 80s . Theres nothing special about this one.Its the same plot , a group of friends , a killer , theyre being killed one by one , then they try to kill the killer , Jason `` dies '' , the leads are still alive and everyones 's relieved , is Jason coming back?Who cares?Even Jamie Leigh Curtis and Janet Leigh doesnt help.Stick to the classics .
 I was a big fan of the original Halloween . I even loved the second film . The third film was a complete and utter waste of time that had absolutly NOTHING to do with Michael Myers , and parts 4,5 , and 6 were all fair follow ups ... However , with this addition , It only left me baffled and incredibly irritated that the writers have CONTINUED to mix the story lines up even more . What happened to Jamie Lloyd , the daughter of Laurie Strode 's character ?? There were 3 films that involved her character and now those 3 films are supposed to basically just be null and void ??? What is the reasoning for that ??? I hated that they just left those three films in the dust and had no reference or mention to whatever happened to Jamie Lloyd , and why all of a sudden her character has never existed after we invested 3 movies into her -LRB- she did die in the 6th film though , so that was a bummer -RRB- ... Also , this movie was just boring . There is something entirely cheesy about this movie that I ca n't seem to put my finger on . The directing is far too over the top and glossy looking . Horror movies of today seem to lack what slasher films of the 70 's and 80 's had in grainy and eerie lighting and camera work . The crisp pictures and smooth camera movements seem to take away that extra BAM ! of horror . The writing for this movie is awful and the characters are hard to connect to . Jamie Lee Curtis is even hard to connect to . That is probably due to the fact that she has become a hardened , oppresive , and dull LUSH with a bevy of emotional issues -LRB- no thanks to her immortal psycho killing machine brother -RRB- . Even worse than this film though is the follow up-Halloween Resurrection , which is barely even tolerable to sit through once . I hope that part 9 is at least somewhat decent ... although I do n't have any idea where they are going to venture with the story line .
 I think that this is a terrible sequel . - Reason why itjust do n't respect the previous installment 's . - Whichmade much sense . - but this one does not deserve thekindness of it 's ; - hardcore fan 's . . - They may not agreewith me on this subject . . - But I truly respected theother 's . - Like ; - Halloween 4
 I LOVE the Halloween movie series , but Halloween H20 is one of the worst since Halloween 3 ! Take the following things for example :1 . Not even really scary ! 2 . Almost NO gore at all ! 3 . It acted if as Halloween 4-6 never happened ! 4 . The storyline is just stupid ! 5 . Not even the REAL Michael Myers ... I think!This is very bad ! If you still want to see this , DO NOT buy it ... a waste of money ! Just rent it or something .
 Sub par BR release , the aspect ratio of the film has been changed , and comes with 2.0 stereo sound !!! You must be kidding me ! Echo Bridge please relinquish your rights to release anymore movies because you obviously do NOT have the fans best interest in mind ! Shame on you !!
 jamie lee curtis must have been offered a lot of money to be in this waste of her talent and our time . at least i hope so . not sacry just pure junk , not even any chaem or so bad it 's good to help this mess . just stinks !!!!!!
 Halloween H20 , another chance to try to cash in on the success of 1978 's Halloween.They brought back Jamie Lee Curtis to try to intice fans , other are a few other big names involved also.This time it 's just too boring.The movie is half the way through before you even see any killings or anything good like that.I say avoid this stinker !
 The Halloween series is a well respected one in the world of horror films . Its the series we run to when we wish to escape the flat boring teenie bopper horror we are now faced with like Scream and I know what you did last summer ... Well not this time . This new Halloween installment ignores all that has happened past Halloween II but this is not the problem . It has a flat script that is lacking in its ability to scare , thanks to Scream scribe , Kevin Williamson . Has n't he proven to us enough that he can not write anything scary ? The worst abomination is Chris Durand . This stuntman clearly didnt do his homework , his rendition of Michael Myers is laughable He moves wrong he 's much to fast and not at all methodical or creepy . . all in all avoid this entry unless you really enjoy seeing teenie bopper films .
 Just look at the box cover art ... or watch the film ... Do n't you get the sad / sinking feeling that you 've seen this before ??? ... Well , chances are you have ... or at least the same movie with different actors ... The is nothing scary or memorable , and Halloween H2O is forced and painfully generic
 I was happy when I found out that `` Halloween '' was getting another sequel . I stopped watching the series around the 5th movie . The 3rd movie was a joke and the ones following was more like `` Jason '' instead of the stalker we all know and love . I was not able to see H20 in the theater but I did rent it , and I was not impressed . The story and the plot fell apart very quickly . Laurie -LRB- as usual -RRB- stormed back to force Mike to get her instead of her son . The movie tried to be similiar to the first movie at the end when Laurie told her son and his girlfriend to run away . She was going to try and stop Micheal herself . Please , they could have been more original . I liked the base of the story , and LL Cool J was funny -LRB- mainly his girlfriend on the phone -RRB- , but the movie could have had a better plot , dug more into her depression and more into where Micheal was . The movie felt very rushed , and that was a major turnoff .
 Teens are a specialized niche in cinema . Teens in films are categorized as `` teen films '' because the film focuses around them . But usually teens do not work well with films aimed for a mass audience . Those films have a diverse age span of people . `` Halloween
 This movie was a horrifing 1st he jumped out the window and was still alive then she crashed the alumbance and he was still alive then she finally chopped of his head . How stupid can you make a movie . The movie was so Fake not even realistaic in real life one bit .
 Steve Miner the dreaded director of Friday the 13th parts 2 and 3 hands us a hand full of nothing with the badly acted , poorly directed and disasterly written crap that is H20 ... whats with H20 anyway ? It has no kind of balance on anything , it takes place after the first film ... But they mention the fire that happened in the fifth film . Jamie Lee Curtis makes a laughable come back -LRB- from what ? -RRB- with her poor ass performance as Laurie Strode . I hated this movie . The only thing that gave me a jolt was when Jamie finally sees Micheal for the first time since the first film . When they look at each other through the window . . Thats powerful stuff right there for ya . But the rest I thought was total camp . The body count was terrible , acting was worse then crap and the writing was close to Spice World material . My God this movie had no substance . Steve Miner should just stick to Comedies cause this movie made me laugh .
 H20 was not scary -LRB- unlike Halloween 4 Now that 's a horror movie -RRB- The only freaky part was the part in the road side bathroom , when it looked like he saw her in the stall . But the ending was dumb . If she chopped of his head that means there will be no more Halloween movies -LRB- but hey , thats what you thought about Chuckie -RRB-
 This was n't the most horrible movie I 've ever seen in my life , but for a horror movie it was n't scary at all . A lot of things that happened were so unrelistic ! For example , L.L. Cool J. 's character got shot several times , and you are sure he has to be dead , but he returns being minimally hurt . The movie starts out good , but gets boring . It could have been made a lot better .
 Routine , boring , unfeasable , money grabbing . We dont see Micheal 's face and he still never says a word or says why hes psychotic.A Good film for insomnia
 I just could n't believe it . Halloween 6 was all about him trying to get a baby , and now , he changes his mind and goes out for her sister ? what is that ? By far one of the worst movies I 've ever seen , this movie does n't even deserve a rental .
 This movie -LSB- ... -RSB- ! I hate it ! There is nothing great to expect from this film . You may say , `` Oh , look , there 's Jamie Lee Curtis ! Maybe I should go see this movie ! '' Do n't see it ! Never ever see it ! The story has to do with Laurie Strode again . She lives in California under a new name , Keri Tate . She is the Dean of an amazing school where her son is taught . Michael kills a few people in Haddonfield and finds a file on Laurie . He gets from Haddonfield to California in one day ! Yah right buddy ! The only thing that could do that would be the creature from `` JEEPERS CREEPERS '' ! Anyway , Michael gets his way to California . Finally , he starts killing people ! I waited like 45 minutes for him to kill something ! He finally did for about 20 minutes ! Laurie 's son , John , and his friends , have a Halloween bash and they get offed quickly . The thing that was bad about this movie was that when I saw my main characters , I knew who was going to die and who was going to survive ! The only thing that was cool about this movie was the cameo by Joseph Gordon Levitt . He is an amazing actor . He was good in `` 10 Things I Hate About You '' . He is in the film for about 7 minutes and dies by getting an ice skate in his face ! Why ??? Here is 10 reasons why I despise this movie1 -RRB- bad acting2 -RRB- bad Jamie Lee Curtis3 -RRB- Levitt was in it for 2 seconds4 -RRB- death scenes were stupid5 -RRB- short movie6 -RRB- only 7 kills7 -RRB- no hot girls8 -RRB- unrealistic9 -RRB- bad one liners10 -RRB- Michael gets killed at least 6 times in this movie and he still comes backI hate this movie ! Good bye ... -LSB- ... -RSB- Go check out my review for Halloween Resurrection !
 WHY , WHY , WHY , would they take a series of movies that essentially `` started it all '' and totally change the style ? Scream , Urban Legend , I Know What You Did last Summer and the rest of those films ... ! So why is halloween H20 just like it ????? Beats me , MICHAEL MYERS SOLD OUT !! ...
 this film tries to recapture the spirit of the 1st two but by doing this basically disregards h3-6 . So much for continuality . This should have been the end but they just had to make pt8 which makes H20 's ending look stupid . H8 has no chance of being good
 i 'm givin this movie two stars because good ole Michael Myers and Laurie Strode make a trivial return . this time jamie lee is older ... more mature ... headmistress at a boarding school ?? yep , and she 's got a kid ... who is 17 in the movie . then theres Michael ... same mask ... same old-school gas station uniform , and a big gleamin ' knife . do n't lose me here ... those two characters are fun to see for a minute , but throughout a whole movie ? maybe if the story was freakin ' better ... maybe if the movie was thought out a little bit more ... maybe if this film was longer !! sorry , but halloween I & II are classics ... this movie really should not have been made . the scare tactic of actor exiting frame right , only to bump into someone with a simultaneous keyboard / string section / cymbal crash is used over and over and over and over it quickly became a bad record . sure , the original halloweens had that , but man there was so much more intrigue . i really wanted to like this movie , but listen up kiddies , if you want a real scare ... i mean a scare that will have you judging strange shadows in the dead of night when the power and the phone mysteriously go out ... well if you want a hair raising scare , meet Michael Myers in halloween I & II . halloween H2O was a great idea on paper ... it just got lost ... way lost on it 's way to film . skip this one folks ...
 i really did not like this halloween because it was not scary and the mask was bad and the guy who played michael myers did even act like michael . This movie forgot about 4,5 and 6 of the halloween movies . i would of gave it 1 star but the halloween series is my favorite and i cant wait to see halloween 8 this October !!!!
 1 . The plot is a masked killer is stalking teenagers in California -LRB- ala `` Scream '' -RRB- 2 . They use the music score from `` Scream `` 3 . They watch `` Scream 2 '' and in `` Scream '' their watching `` Halloween `` 4 . In one scene Jamie Lee Curtis saids : Get to the Beckers houes -LRB- Hello , Casey Becker from `` Scream '' -RRB- Dont waste your time on this stupid , cheesy `` Scream '' rip off .
 What was that guy in the commercial for this film thinking when he said `` Finally a sequel , that lives up to the origanal '' . Dude , Michael Myers is a COMPLETE Jason rip off . Everything you saw Jason do Michael Myers did in this . Michael is no longer a stange creater that is a part of the shadows like he was in the first film . Even if your a Jason fan you 'll hate this movie . The next one is much better . Okay , the so called story is Larie -LRB- Jamie Lee Curts -RRB- FAKED her death in a car crash that was in Halloween 4 . She then moved to Californea . But Michael Myers gets a profile and goes to Californea in one day ! O yeah , if you want to see this film because Jamie Lee Curtis is in it , let warn you that her charator is COMPLTELY diffrent then her charactor in Halloween 1-2 . Anyway , after about an hour of nothing happing , michael Finally kills someone . From that point on they steal most of the seancens frome the fourth film . Jmaie Lee Curtis 's fight with Michael was really dull . But the worst part was after the fight , Jamie Lee Curtis and Michael Myers hold hands and cry togther !!!!!!!!!!! WHAT IS UP WITH THAT !!! Skip this film .
 this movies bad but in the begining you see pitchers on loomis wall one has the bloody scisors trhat jamie stabed her stepmother with laurie far from hadon field they never found his body the escape halloween 4 miuchal would have gone to find laurie put the docter said a niece lived in hadonfdield plus he might of thought laurie was dead after killing jamie hew goes after laurie after heescaped in pt .6 actually theres just evidence that parts 4-5 happened theres no evidence of p. 6 hope that helps
 pretending that 3-6 never happened -LRB- do n't we all wish that ! -RRB- this flea bag starts with ms.curtis hiding out as the head mistress of a private school -LRB- with a false name what kind of back ground check did they use on her -RRB- and still living in fear of her brother michael . well as you can guess he 's back and still a little pissed off that she became a star and he has had to do all these bad sequels.nothing new here and nothing worth seeing -LRB- but at least we do get to see jamie and her late mother janet -LRB- playing her `` pyscho '' role once again -RRB- act together for what would be the last time -RRB- . just a waste of time but i hope it helped put ms. curtis 's daughter in collage , as that is the only reason i can think of that would get her back into this mess .
 This was a strange move by Dimension , who had picked up the `` Halloween '' franchise . The first Dimension `` Halloween '' , part 6 `` The Curse Of Michael Myers '' , was a great film - before the last third was reshot due to the postfilming death of Donald Pleasance . In order to keep the series going , they needed a new ending , which almost destroyed the movie . Then they came out with this one , which bizarrely ignores everything that had happened in parts 4 , 5 and their own 6 -LRB- in fact I believe `` H20 '' also pretty much threw out part 2 , but I 'm not certain about it -RRB- . And ... why ? To ... accomplish what ? I have no idea why Dimension , usually a first-rate company , would just give the middle finger to not only `` Halloween '' fans but also the artists who contributed to the series . Makes no sense.Well , it may have been forgivable had `` H20 '' been a great film . But it was n't even a good film , and the much hyped return of Jamie Lee Curtis did n't amount to anything more than that , hype . `` H20 '' is a mess of a movie , a standard glossy Hollywood shocker in that already dated `` Scream '' mold . There 's a bunch of young actors and actresses doing absolutely nothing , and there 's so many of those `` fake scares '' - I believe about 287 of 'em - that it simply becomes annoying in the extreme . `` H20 '' is not only not scary , it 's boring and irritating.Most of the longtime `` Halloween '' fans do n't consider `` H20 '' or it 's equally crappy followup `` Halloween
 The cast of Dawson 's Creek runs around doing nothing while our beloved villian walks around them , making us think someones gon na get sliced , but never does . Jamie Lee returns -LRB- from death ? -RRB- , with complete amnesia of her daughter who we watched in the last 3 movies , and magically lives way out in CA , because as we all know , what could be trendier ? The worst part is that we all know that Mike will always come back , that film makers will always ressurect him
 is this a bad release ? I already have H20 in the Alliance packaging ... is it worth buying it ?
 I am a big fan of the first Halloween . It 's my favorite horror movie -LRB- that and The Shining -RRB- I liked the second one too . This movie absolutely does not do the series justice . It was n't scary at all but was in fact stupid and boring ! I was so disappointed . Do n't waste your money on this one . Good thing I only rented it !
 I heard that this was a good movie so I rushed out to rent it , mainly because I love horror movies . After I finished watching it I was bored and unsatisfied.Because I live in Australia , this movie was rated `` M15 + '' -LRB- that 's PG13 + to you -RRB- . I think it barely derserved to be rated PG . It was so STUPID ! Everything , right down to the blood was OBVIOUSLY fake and it was WAY too over the top and too hammed up to be even SLIGHTLY scary.Take my advice ... . do n't rent this movie unless your DESPARATE and I mean REALLY desparate !
 Halloween H20 is not really a good film . The kids are dull and tired horror movie characters . The killer should have been dead 5 movies ago , and the suspense that reigned in Halloween is nowhere to be found.The best moments are sadly enough homages to the original movie . THe use of lines from Halloween is nice for fans , but unintrusive the the newbie . Also it is impressive that Jaime Lee Curtis came back , since she certainly did n't have to . She does a good job with the material that is less than substantial.The thing that makes this movie seem even worse is that the franchise is continuing . Even though the Halloween franchise really should have ended with part 1 , maybe part 2 , it was nice that this movie felt like the `` saga '' was complete . It would have been the next best place to end it , with the original scream queen killing the original slasher -LRB- this is not a spoiler ' Michael has `` died '' in all 6 of the other movies , why break tradition ? -RRB- . A nice bit of closure is what H20 really represented to the fan . But oh no ! A couple years later Halloween 8 came out , and I hear Halloween 9 is arriving soon . Oh joy ... Had they just ended it here I would have given it 2 stars .
 It seems that the only reason people say that this is the best Halloween sequel , and that it matches the style of the original , yadda , yadda , yadda , is because Jaime Lee Curtis revives her role as Laurie Strode . It is WAY overrated , and it truly boggels me why so many people give it *** stars and up . It 's not scary AT ALL , and it does n't even LOOK like it 's taking place on Halloween . And it 's just BORING . But I really ca n't give it under two stars . It 's just not THAT bad . I wouldint reccomend it unless you feel you must watch every Halloween movie .
 Where do I begin with this one ? First of all , I think it 's great that they bring back Laurie Strode , and the beginning scene is the only part of the movie that somewhat resembles any of the other `` Halloween '' movies.One of the key factors in the previous movies in the series was the fact that they were in Haddonfield ... that was where Michael 's rage began ... While the setting is still scary , a boarding school in Cali just does n't give it the same spooky feel , and I just felt like I was watching an episode of Dawson 's Creek -LRB- besides the fact that Michelle Williams was in the movie -RRB- ... Also , the mask looks completely different , you 're not supposed to be able to see his eyes , and the hair is all messed up ... And the worst part , as a fan of the series , is that it completely ignores the story line from parts 4-6 ... just because the director does n't like those films does n't mean they do n't exist ... I 'm completely for the empowered woman who finally faces her demons , or in this case her psycho killer brother , but as a fan of the series , this ranks right near the bottom of the heap ... if you like the `` Halloween '' movies , get it just to say you have it , but in my opinion it 's one of the worst in the series ...
 The past decade has seen the fall of the horror movie we used to know and love , horror movies are no longer suspenseful , nowadays they consintrate on the teen casts , and their lifes . Its the same in H20 , they should have called it `` I know what you did last summer with micheal myers '' . What happened to the genuine horror films of the 70 's and 80 's .
 H20 is a major disappointment . It ranks with 3 -LRB- Season of the Witch , a non-Michael Myers sequel in name only -RRB- & part 6 as the worst of the Halloween flicks . I have always considered Michael to be the best slasher character since the original Halloween was first released . I wanted to like this , I really did , but it was terrible . The story was pathetic , the climax was anything but climactic , the acting was lackluster , and Michael just was n't as menacing as he 's supposed to be . The only good moment in the film is when Jamie Lee and her mother -LRB- PSYCHO -RRB- have an amusing verbal exchange in the parking lot ... nothing to build a movie around . I 'm a Halloween fan , but , man ... this was BAD . I 'd advise you to stick with the first two movies , if you need more , then skip three and skip this !
 After seeing all Halloweens about 6 times i figured i would never see a movie as bad as Halloween III but H20 came pretty close.This movie was very predictable and had a very big story screw up in it.My man Mike would ` nt have waited 20 years to kick some butt.Anyone thinking of buying this movie dont waste your money.If you want a Halloween buy Halloween4 or 5 .
 Halloween H20 is the worst scary movie other than I Know What You Did Last Summer . One question
 It was a real disappointment , if you want a scary movie , watch something else ! How many times will Micheal Myers get killed ? . Theres bound to be a halloween -LRB- H21 -RRB- ` the return of the rest of Micheal Myers ' -LRB- You 'll only get that joke if you saw it but do n't , watch Scream that is the best film
 What I do n't get about this movie is that there was no plot to it.You knew who the killer was and the whole movie was just violent.There was no point .
 The utterly stupid title -LRB- is it supposed to be funny ? -RRB- sets the scene . Endless padding , nothing really fresh or exciting . All-in-all a pointless waste of time and money which does n't even deserve one star .
 The absolute worst film I have ever expeianced . The horrible diologue , brainless script , camp action , all add up to an unintenionally hilarious film . I rarely heckle a film in the theater , but this one deserved it * bad * . It was even worse than Armageddon . Amazon only goes down to 1 star , this piece of trash is actually in the negatives .
 I expected a little bit more from the movie as far as being scary . I did n't like it . It was corny .
 This movie SUCKED !!!!!!!!
 Well i may be a big fan of the halloween saga ... but this one was lacking compared to the rest . The one thing that can never be replaced is the vital role of Dr. Loomis and you can tell the difference his abscense left . There were alot of questions left unanswered from part 6 and H20 left them that way . I guess anticipation got the best of me because i expected too much . As for the rest of the Michael Myers ' fans ... do not worry the saga will continue ... and i ca n't wait for part 8 .
 H20 , a bad movie.Lets face it H20 is nowhere as good as the first and it had major problems.First of all H20 tried to forget films 3-6 which -LRB- excluding three -RRB- were good movies.Also this movie needed Dr. Loomis which he was allways was a real good thing in the othe movies.And most of the scares were n't done by the best killer ever Michael Myers.The Halloween theme was changed and I did n't think it was as good.The ending I did n't like because it made me think will there be another Halloween film.Like Brad from Pittsburg said that `` True terror never dies '' I just hope he is right
 In 1981 after ` Halloween II ' , Jamie Lee Curtis anounced that she will never do another horror film again but in 1998 , she had a meeting with John Carpenter to make another Halloween movie since it has been 20 years since ` Halloween I ' was released . She also said that this time she wanted to kick Michael Myers 's . The film has some funny bits and it 's nice to see Curtis 's old charactor , Lauri Strode come back on the screen for the third and last time but after a while the film falls flat on it 's face when everything goes wrong .
 What is Disney thinking ? The disc DOES NOT contain the audio commentary by Jamie Lee Curtis and Steve Miner promised on the packaging , DOES NOT contain a DTS soundtrack as promised by the packaging , DOES NOT contain enhanced menus as promised by the packaging , and the movie itself does not look that great on DVD . First , unlike the first and second films in the series , this one was NOT shot in Panavision , but shot square and then matted to a 2:35 to 1 ration in theatres and on this DVD to acheive a widescreen look . That is why the full screen VHS tape and cable TV versions look better . They ARE NOT panned and scanned and show MORE picture , and the film looks better square . I hope the next film in the series -LRB- H2K -RRB- will return to a true Panavsion format instead of cheating . As for the film itself , it is OK , but it was inexcusable to ignore 3 sequels completely . Maybe they were n't good , but they should have not contradicted anything . It shows the filmamakers complete contempt for YOU , THE AUDIENCE . And they did n't even ignore things correctly ! If 4-6 never happened , would n't that mean Loomis died in the explosion ? Then why do they talk about him having just died `` a few years back ? '' My God , a little creative screenwriting and they could have created a story which did not focus on the absurbitites of the previous sequels and yet did not contradict them either . If I were writing part 8 , I would ignore this one and pick up after # 6 left off just to show all of you people how I could get you to accept anything ... AVOID THIS DVD AT ALL COSTS
 Predictable slasher directed and written on autopilot . The only thing that makes this film differ from all those awful Friday the 13th clones that appeared in the 80 's is that Halloween H20 's cast is made up of respected -LRB- hmm . . well . . -RRB- actors instead of amateurs . Michelle Williams is cute , but who cares about that , you will just fall asleep during this borefeast and miss her anyway .
 am i the only who who notdid think it was that great . it was boring an slow movie at parts and predictable . there were a few good things about it thou mainly jamie lee curits returning and a pre peral harbor josh harnett . it also had refence to the orignal which was good . the biggest loose was that of donland plesance who played dr. loomis . he brought the series part of its life unfortualy he died a few years before this was made . too bad he would have brought the movie up a star .
 This is basically a direct sequel from Halloween 2 , leaving out 4,5 and 6 , can you believe that ?! anyway Lauries life has been ruined by what happened to her , Michael kills Marion Chambers from the first and second and finds Laurie and her son and we got LL Cool J in this who didnt even die!well at the end we thought that Michael was dead cause he got decapitated , but thankfully for Ressurection director of the second fixed that up for us , i remember seeing this movie and i just walked out of the cinema laughing !
 Why on earth was this film made ? I 'll tell you why . Profit . This is not a movie with any kind of redeeming merit . It was made only to make money . Hyping itself up to be a new `` post-modern '' take on Michael Myers . The `` Scream Generation '' of the time woudl n't fall for any of the same old trash . Yet the movie does nothing but deliver exactly that.It has NOTHING to do with the last 5 Halloween movies , so do n't go looking for anything involving the man in black or Jamie or the druids cult . And is NOT scary or frightening or worth any attention . Characters are there only to be killed , it 's an insult to the actors that their only function is to pad out the length of the movie -LRB- a whopping 84 minutes -RRB- with their deaths.Well , perhaps Michelle Williams is worth attention and is the only reason for watching this piece of crap . But it 's not like she 's in it much . The film is only 84 minutes long and has about 5 scenes . I do n't even consider this to be an official Halloween movie . It was only made to cash in on the `` Scream '' craze of teenagers being staked by a masked killer . Seeing as how Halloween was the very first Slasher flick I guess Miramax thought that this would be the Zenith of the craze . How wrong they were.All deaths are pointless and meaningless and Jamie-Lee 's attempt at being a Ripley-like chick with balls does n't work . Plain and simple.File this movie under bad . Really , really bad . Jason Voorhees , come back , all is forgiven.The DVD is in Dolby 5.1 and is letterboxed at 2.35:1 .
 I really had high hopes for Halloween H2O . I really wanted to see Jamie Lee reprise her role . But my heart sank when I saw that this movie was just another by-the-numbers slasher flick . It now has a glossy new 90 's feel and pace for our society 's ever shortening attention span . There are instances of wit and respect for the original Halloween in keeping the plot simple and gore to a bare minimum but there 's nothing creative or scary here you anticipate ever single scare -LRB- which again resorts to loud and sudden orchestra hits -RRB- This film , I think , is just cashing in on the the success of Scream and carries alot of it 's bubble gum style . I felt empty at the end credits because I was really looking foreward to a fresh experience . Even their marketing scheme is typical with the fresh expressionless faces of the stars emerging out of the dark to form a row of faces . Really ! Are they trying to show off their diverse collaboration , showing how different cool people can make a cool movie ? Or were they impressed by the Gap commercials and just had to steal their style ? Oh God . I 'm so sorry Jamie Lee but this movie should have been something else . Jamie Lee should have back out of this movie or at least waited for a fine tuned script .
 Attention Amazon.com customers ... 1 . Avoid this release like the plague . This Blu-ray Disc only has the movie and nothing else . LITERALLY ! No subtitles , no trailer , no anything .2 . The picture is subpar for a high-definition transfer . Not to mention , it 's not in the original aspect ratio . H20 was filmed in 2.35.1 . This version 's ratio was changed to 1.78.1.3 . The audio is pathetic . You do n't even get surround sound . You get a pitiful DTS 2.0 Stereo track . The DVD at least offered us a 5.1 mix . I thought Blu-ray Disc was supposed to be an upgrade from DVD?Save your money and avoid this title . Echo Bridge has a reputation for butchering films and they did themselves justice with this one . Until we as consumers stand up and quit buying this garbage of a release , they will never give us the quality that we deserve . The links below will give you a little more information concerning this release . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Echo Bridge 's release of Halloween H20 is severly comprimised and should be avoided.First , this release is not in the original aspect ratio . Originally released theatrically at 2.35:1 -LRB- per imdb -RRB- , this Blu-ray includes a cropped 1.78:1 aspect ratioSecond , the only audio option is a DTS-HD 2.0 stereo mix , as opposed to the 5.1 mix included as part of the original dvd release from December 1999 ! Additionally , there are no subtitle options for the hearing impaired.Lastly , there are no special features whatsoever.So , let 's see , no OAR , comprimised audio , no subs , no special features.Remind me again why anyone would by this rush cash grab by Echo Bridge ?
 Certainly , after watching `` Halloween
 Best Buy has these on sale now so I have it prior to the release date . Avoid it no matter what.I already have the Candian triple feature blu-ray with this movie , but I was intrigued when I read that in this release the black bars at the top and bottom of the screen are removed to actually show more picture . It was cheap and I 'm definitely a cult fan , so I grabbed it . Yeah , not worth it . It makes it look bad ... too much sky above people 's heads in lots of shots and things like that.The picture quality is overall atrocious . It looks like a DVD print with a noise reduction filter applied to it . Some parts make you feel like your player or tv is messed up because of flicker or jitter , but no , it 's just a horrible transfer . Definitely NOT 1080P even though it says it is . It also says the audio is `` 2.0 STERE '' ... great attention to detail guys.I 'm going to jump on the bandwagon and say hold out for a better release or get the Candian triple feature ... it 's much better quality and true to it 's claim of 1080i .
 Do not suppourt Echo Bridge with your money . If you absolutely need this on Blu-ray , get the Halloween trilogy released by Alliance in Canada . It 's region 1 , it has a DTS master audio soundtrack and it preserves the original aspect ratio . This version of H20 has an `` open matte '' widescreen presentation , which , in fact , shows MORE picture information than the 2.35:1 theatrical release , it does n't preserve the intended style of the film .
 Here we go again , catering to the idiots who need there tv screen `` filled up '' . The correct aspect ratio for Halloween H2O is 2:35.1 not 1:78.1 . This is the age of big widescreen HD televisions , will these video companies please let go of that `` people do n't want to see those black bars '' crap ! I thought finally , the bluray technology will allow us to see movies the way they were meant to be seen . It 's a shame because the picture quality on Halloween H2O is great ! The old Dimension dvd has the correct aspect ratio and is loaded with extras this Echo Bridge edition has no extras . Beware of other Echo Bridge bluray titles with incorrect aspect ratios -LRB- `` Cursed '' , `` Venom '' ... -RRB- I hope Echo Bridge starts making things right !
 Myer 's should have hit the makeup artist first . Everyone looks embalmed.My mate Nigel ` spunky ' Turner was banned from watching this with me due to his tendency to do a one legged chicken dance at the sight of blood . I have no furniture or crockery left , just a pile of DVD 's of which there is soon to be one less . Too many faults to mention - embarrassingly arch soundtrack comprising nods to the original , Psycho , Re-animator and Wagner . Over-lit . Fast when it should be slow - so I wo n't . LL Cool J leads a charmed life . Had his torso nearly chewed in two with massive blood loss in ` Deep Blue Sea ' , but remained alive and perky . Here he has nearly half his head blown off , loses pints of blood and next he 's up and about tap dancing . His extraordinary Lazarus like tendencies in films must be an ` audience demographics ' thing . Ours is not to reason why , ours is just be white and die.Now the mask . It was burned and now it 's back . As I recall , it was stolen from a store , so how did he manage to find another after twenty years ? Do you know what , I think he must have used * A CERTAIN WELL KNOWN INTERNET AUCTION HOUSE * . Does Micheal Myers have a credit card ? Yes , Mr Myers , of course you can have a credit card , just put Mrs Smeddly down , she suffers from vertigo . It ca n't possibly be the same sort of mask because you ca n't hear his heavy breathing . Kills the film stone dead and makes him lack presence . He wuz robbed . So wuz we . Curtis is game and there 's an ending worthy of the original but it 's too little , too late .
 Do you remmber the classic Halloween films ? Well this movie made no sense to me because after Halloween 2 Michael 's skin was burnt to a crisp and in Halloween 4-6 his skin stayed that way.If you have burnt skin can that go away ? Another thing that did n't ake any sense was did laurie ever menchion that she had a daughter that was killed by Michael ?
 This has to be one of the worst Halloween sequels I have ever seen . Why would they have Michael Myers wait 20 years ? I mean I think that 's a stupid idea -LRB- no offense -RRB- . This movie was n't that scary , there is only like about two scenes that are scary but the rest of the movie sucks and it 's so dumb . I also ca n't beleive that they are busy making another one and I hope that 's the last Halloween movie . But if it is the last Halloween movie please do n't make anymore it 's getting kind of annoying by the way they are making so many sequels that do n't turn out to be good . So if I were you I would stick with the first one do n't even bother of renting this movie you 'll be disappointed .
 Where the hell is Joseph Gordon-Levitt when he is needed . Oh , now I remember , he was bloody killed before the opening credits .
 after the first one ok a sequel had to be made but then number three?what the f**k was that all about ? their obviously trying to milk the brilliant original for all it 's worth !
 All I have to say is do n't waste your money on this cinematic garbage . It was boring and even lame to say the least . And why did they find the need to change the music and his mask ? This is deffinately one of THE WORST movies I have EVER seen !
 I was really expecting a lot from this movie . I could n't believe how boring it actually was though . It was the first and only halloween movie I 'll ever see . It was too predictable .
 Maybe I missed something that the rest of these viewers saw . Because I thought this was literally one of the worst movies I have ever seen . It was not funny , it was TOTALLY predictable -LRB- even though I 've never seen any of the original Halloween movies -RRB- , the plot was weak ... and I did n't even go into it expecting much ! If this is the best of the genre , I 'll be giving up horror movies . Spend your money on something else !
 I went to the theater on the first day this movie came out . I came out of the theater confused . What happened to the parts 4-6 ? I loved 4 and 5 . Ca n't say the same about 6 but Im flexible . This movie dose n't deal with 4-6 at all . The director , Steve Miner , `` totally '' discredited anything from the others . In an interview I seen he just thought 4-6 was a joke . Here 's the joke
 Lets get this straight , I 'm a long time Halloween fan and take it from me , this sequel does not do any justice to the previous ones , save for 3 and 6 . I really thought that Miner was on to something during the first half . There were some scary scenes and I enjoyed the classic slashing Michael uses to pick the kids but as soon as Jamie discovers that he 's after her , the movie just loses it . Everything becomes predictable , dumb , fake and not scary whatsoever . I did like Janet Leigh 's cameo appearance though . I can almost compare Curtis to Linda Hamilton in Terminator ... in the original , she was shy and innocent , then later she appears as tough and fearless ... it least it worked in T2 . I particularly found it dumb when she was calling Michael 's name looking for him ... come on ! He ai n't stalking her , she 's stalking him ! All said , this COULD have been done better .
 I 'm a fan of Jamie Lee Curtis and so I bought this and while the movie was ok for being what it was , a tribute sequel to a successful long-running horror series as well as a tribute to the horror thriller genre -LRB- the scene between Jamie and her mother , famous for Pyscho was excellent ! -RRB- For the cost of the DVD and what it represents , I expected MUCH more in the way of extras . In fact , the box advertises a commentary but doesnt actually have it ! I returned my copy because of this and will not buy this movie again unless it 's released as a special edition or as part of a box set like the Nightmare on Elm Street movies .
 the worst movieI have ever seen , I really would not recommend this movie to anyone even if they only had half a brain cell . its not scary more of a comedy gone wrong , DANGER KEEP CLEAR !
 How much more can we tolerate ? Please let poor old Michael Myers -LRB- now probably in his 60 's -RRB- rest in peace ! There is absolutely nothing new in this the ... I 've lost count of what number sequel this is . The Queen Of Scream , Jamie Lee Curtis , once again battles her demented , horror masked clad brother in hopefully the final installment of the `` Halloween '' series . The only appealling thing about this movie is that Jamie 's mum Janet Leigh makes an all-too brief appearance ... hence the one star for her !
 Bad Plot . A Brand new -LRB- Sqeaky clean -RRB- Michael Mask . C-List Actors . If There Were a 0 Rating , That 's what it would of got . Worst Halloween in the Series , Besides part 3 . Then again , part 3 Was n't about Michael . The Decapitation scene was the Crappiest death ever . Where was the blood ? Dimension did n't give this movie a budget at all . If you read this , Do Not Buy this Movie !!! Terrible Sequel .
 As we all know , so few sequels can ever top the original . This is no exception . As a longtime fan of the original , I have to say this was another one of the awful sequels trying to milk the Halloween saga for all its worth . It was nice to see Jamie Lee in there , but we all know without Loomis , it just is n't the same . The storyline was rather silly , the mask was a little better than the previous ones , but will not top the first either . Along with the mask , I could never understand why the soundtrack from the first one was not continued on . That is one of the identies that you associate with Halloween when discussing the movie . All of the added electronics and sound effects was overkill to the music , which was just about as important to the film as the actors . All in all , you have to give credit to Jamie for trying , but it really , yes really , was disappointing . My advice to you is to stay away from the DVD unless you are a big fan . Rent the video if you have the cash to blow , or just wait for it to come out on cable .
 WHAT A RIPOFF !!!!!!!!! We just got this movie in the mail today , sat down to find out that it is a cropped 1.78 version instead of the original 2.35 one that we have in regular DVD . The sound is inferior 2.0 Stereo ... in these days of everything being in 5.1 or 7.1 surround sound . Obviously the people at Echo Bridge Entertainment are a bunch of greed-heads who are in it to RIP YOU OFF !! Do n't waste your time and especially your money buying this piece of CRAP !!!
 Michael Myers is back once again without an explaination -LRB- only signature of DIMENSION -RRB- and after 20 years of searching , he 's found his sister . He then proceeds to the private school in California where she teaches and hacks up a few of her students before going after her . Starts off lame with Curtis dropping a bomb on the project and does n't get good until the near end , where Curtis begins to improve . Pretty much just another teeny bopper film of the late ' 90 's that wins over part 6 but not by a noticable lot . If you do n't know who the secretary is before watching the behind the scenes specials , it 's better that you retire from the HALLOWEEN fanclub .
 This was a OK movie.I thought it was cool to have Curtis back but this movie kinda stunk.For example , this movie is n't scary and it 's too short . `` Jason Goes To Hell '' was scarier than H20.Also why did they say in the start of the movie -LRB- when the 2 copswere talking after the lady died -RRB- `` They never found Myer 's body '' to make it sound like parts 4-6 never happened ? This Halloween is really for the people who do n't watch the other Halloween 's . If your a true Halloween fan , skip H20 , if your a person who did n't watch the other moviesand gets scaried easily , go on ahead and this weak Halloween movie .
 Well , when I first saw this movie , I was assuming it was picking up where the sixth one left off . That made little sense to me . Why would Laurie Strode fake her death and leave behind her little daughter as prey for her crazy brother ? Kinda selfish , to say the least . Then I understood what `` 20 years later '' implied . When watching this movie , you have to pretend that everything after the sequel does n't exist.Laurie Strode is living somewhere else now with her teen son . She assumes that her dear brother Michael has no idea where she is . Fool ! Michael knows everything.Lots of blood and carnage follow.This movie is OK as a horror genre flick . I liked it better than the sixth one .
 Once the new millennium dawned , many films -LRB- Rocky , Rambo , Lord of the Rings , Batman , etc. -RRB- went the `` homage '' route to their predecessors , while also establishing a new sense of continuity in the process . `` Halloween H2O '' beat them to the punch by a few years , but ultimately ended up being a complete flop.For a basic plot summary , `` H2O '' sees Laurie Strode -LRB- Jamie Lee Curtis -RRB- living in California after having faked her death to escape the wrath of Michael Myers . When Laurie 's son John -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- turns 17 , the same age Laurie was when attacked in 1978 , Myers is again `` activated '' to seek out the Strode family and destroy it.The one good thing I can say about this movie is that it tried . It really did . It tried to put a more fitting conclusion to the Halloween saga after pretty much relegating the events of sequels 3-6 to non-cannon material . However , the writing/directing/producing failed miserably in the task.For starters , this is perhaps the most predictable film I have ever viewed in my life . Viewers know that Myers will come back -LRB- otherwise why even make the movie ? -RRB- to torment Laurie , so the first hour of character-development is rendered moot because you already know what will happen . It does n't help that the supporting cast is so bland as to make you not care one way or another when they get knocked off.Also , much like Anthony Perkins ' performance in the later `` Psycho '' movies , I do n't quite know what to make of Jamie Lee Curtis here . On one hand , she seems to be paying tribute -LRB- with a decent effort -RRB- to the franchise that gave her an acting career . On the other , though , it sort of reeks of desperation that she 's doing the sixth Halloween sequel.Thus , it pretty much boggles my mind to think that writers Debra Hill and John Carpenter -LRB- the masters of the original -RRB- would phone in such an uninspired effort . I would like to think that a better story , with more heart and suspense , could have been told . Perhaps , though , there was just nothing creatively left from a franchise chugging along on one week of the year 's profits ... the week leading up to October 31 .
 What in the world did the real Halloween fans do to deserve this mess ?? By saying the REAL Halloween fans , I refer to the ones who loved the series even before Scream was released and made horror the trendy ` in ' thing with the lame teenage audience . That 's eactly what Halloween H20 succumbs to , it 's a lame film -LRB- save the performance of Curtis -RRB- cut from the Scream mold rendering it completel contrived , plotless and just plain dumb.This pathetic excuse for a sequel ignores parts 4-6 acting as a sequel only to the first two Myers installments popping the question , `` if 4-6 never happened , what was Myers doing for 20 years ? '' Well it 's never answered , and quite frankly the film never tries to explain anything . It 's ` hip ' in-jokes are tired , it 's ` scares ' horribly pedestrian and it 's plot , non existant . No self-respecting horror fan would call this crap scary because it contains a few jumps , seriousy folks , Halloween H20 is just junk . Stick to Carpenter 's orginal or even the underrated Halloween 4 , truly the best sequel in the series , forget about this bunk , it emerges as an ode to teenie bopper Scream fans on its best day .
 I hate michael myers he is a stupid actor.The movie was scarry
 Halloween H20 is the worst horror flick ever ! I ca n't believe Jamie Lee Curtis reprised her iconic role as Laurie Strode . Halloween is such a classic film , all the sequels are stupid and not even scary . Josh Hartnett and Michelle Williams over do it here , the whole Laurie and Michael Myers are brother and sister is so calculated , I did n't like Halloween 2 and I do n't like this one either .
 The last 20 minutes of this movie are of Jamie Lee Curtis stalking Michael Meyers and not the other way around.If that seems like a scary premise to you then you do n't ask for much.This deflates the threat of the masked killer and leaves you with nothing but Jamie Lee doing an action hero impression . `` Scary '' , yes , but not in the way I want a Halloween movie to be.Stick with the first two movies.Halloween 4 was ok too .
 Having seen all 6 of the previous Halloween films , I can safely say that H20 was by far the worst . It even `` borrows '' scences from other Halloween films - the dumbwaiter scene from 5 ? , the `` we shot the wrong guy '' scene from 4 , the `` Micahel being thrown off the truck and then hit '' scene from 4 , among others . Rather than devloping the characters , using their traits , any carefully and artfully killing them off , as in the original films , here Micahel just stumbles in and starts slashing , like in the case of this movies `` sexually rambucntious teens '' who get slashed up looking for a corckscrew in the kitchen -LRB- not spoiling any suprises here , its completely predictable -RRB- . Rather than appearing in shadows with abrupt and ominous music , you see Michael walking down the street in plain view . Myers is so pitiful , he even gets punched out in one scene . People have said that 4-6 were terrible , and they really dont match the original , but this movie was just pointless garbage , even with Jamie Lee Curtis .
 I remember when I was in fifth grade , I snuck downstairs late at night to sneak a peek at the original Halloween when it was on HBO . I was mesmerized and scared to death at the same time . `` The Shape , '' aka Michael Myers , was a chilling and oddly fascinating character . The sight of his shadow on the side of a building sent shivers up my spine.I remember a scene that showed his silhouette against a house for a few seconds and the camera cut away as someone caught a glimpse of him . When the camera returned , he was gone . Little things like that scared me more than what little blood there was . Halloween sparked a number of imitators that added buckets of blood , but none of them had those little scary touches like the scene of `` The Shape '' against the wall.So when Halloween
 The 7th installment of the Halloween series called `` H2O '' is a vastly overrated horror movie . `` H2O '' starst out with the audience being re-introduced to Laurie Strode , the sister of Michael Myers . The viewer discovers she has a punk son and that she is teaching at a university in California . But , it 's 20 years later and Halloween , so we know that Michael Myers is right around the corner , right ? Wrong , Myers has to drive 2000 miles to get to his sister while stopping at a rest area to use the restroom in the Men 's room there.It 's interesting that Michael Myers , being the social deviant and killer that he is , would observe a social rule such as going to the appropriate restroom rather than go to the ladies room or just do his business in the woods ... just seems out of character for such an evil entity as Myers . Nevertheless , Myers finds his sister and he kills a lot of people -LRB- with some good kill scenes -RRB- to get to her and then we have this face off between Myers and Laurie Strode in which Laurie Strode seems to be portrayed as a heroine and almost not afraid of Myers anymore . In fact , it appears she wants to do battle with Myers so that she can kill Myers and be done with him once and for all.The fact that there is such a physical struggle between Myers and Laurie Strode dimishes the prowess of Myers as an powerful , evil and murdering being.There are many flaws with this movie . First , the `` Halloween '' theme perfected in `` Halloween I & II '' is completely lacking in this movie as it was in parts 4-6 . Second , the movie takes place in California and the notorioius Haddonfield with its rich Halloween history is taken completely out of the picture and I think this takes away from the movie . Third , Michael Myers looks and acts ridiculously in this movie and at times seems almost physically challenged in a way by Laurie Strode which is certainly inconsistent with the previous sequels . Fourth , Laurie Strode cuts Michael Myers 's head off in the end -LRB- although we find out that was not MM in the next movie -RRB- . Still , the ending of the movie leaves a bad taste in your mouth as well . Fifth , the acting was subpar except for Jaimie Lee Curtis , although I was disappointed in her for doing this trash.All and all , this is a very poor movie which is no better or worse than parts 5 , 6 and 8 of this series . `` H2O '' fails miserably as a horror movie and disappoints from beginning to end . In fact , `` Halloween III '' is considerably better than this movie because part 3 keeps the `` Halloween theme '' alive and this movie along with parts 4-8 completely fail to do that . My recommendation is to avoid this one and stick with the Halloween parts 1-3 .
 In a move similiar to `` Godzilla 1985 '' , this Halloween film dumps its last three or so sequels and starts over fresh from the second film . Jamie Lee Curtis is back as the heroine from said movies . She has faked her death and is now the headmistress of a private school in California . She has a mischeivous son -LRB- played by Josh Hartnett -RRB- who is hoping to go on a field trip but Mom 's past has made her very protective of her family.Of course , Michael Myers is not dead . He has been waiting twenty years for another chance to murder his sister . He also spends a good deal of time going after her son and his buddies . Not to mention LL Cool J as the token black guy . He 's the security guard who has more depth than most because he is trying to write cheesy love novels.The aura of horror once surrounded with Michael Myers is lost . Without acknowledging the other sequels , this whole story seems messy . Myers is not menacing . He feels more like the killer from `` Scream '' or `` Urban Legend '' here . It is Curtis who becomes this sort of `` Liuetenant Ripley '' super female . In the fourth and fifth Halloween films , Michael was this sort of evil force who could not be stopped . He attacked in claustrophobic situations and the story very rarely gave control over to his victims . Here , he is just a man in a mask who seems to get `` starstruck '' everytime someone from a big movie or TV show crosses his path . Kevin Williamson 's involvment in this project is far too obvious . He does n't seem to have a good understanding of what made Michael Myers scary . `` Halloween '' worked a lot better when there was legitimate fear of what Michael Myers stood for . Curtis spends twenty years in fear of this indivual , only to transform into a femme fatale after running from him for about a half an hour . It is amazing that Steve Miner who did an excellent job with the early `` Friday The 13th '' movies ca n't recapture any of the horror magic that is Michael Myers for this movie .
 Lacking ! I would recommend that if someone really wanted to buy this movie off this site , buy it new because it costs more to buy it used for some reason . now I would like to explain a few things . first off if I had a choice I would give this movie a half star , but one whole star will have to do . The beginning is pretty cool , the rest of the movie is lacking . Not enough death , not enough blood , not enough characters , not enough Michael . Micheal also looked really bad ! He looked the best in the first one and in the 6th one . Watch Halloween 6
 First off , A NO STAR rating for this crap ! Mrs. Curtis a.k.a. Jamie Lee came back on this ego trip to exorcise her so-called type casting . Her self-serving influence reeks in this terrible plot . For someone who echos Halloween made her career possible , she seems awfully resentful of her Halloween past . Calling out Michael and then conveniently has him at her mercy to behead him . What a joke , who wrote this excrement ? If not for Myers presence , this would have taken the title from Halloween III as the worst . The teen , garbage actors are a disgrace . They would have been better off casting mannequins . Is ll cool j -LRB- or what ever he calls himself -RRB- an actor ? He 's not even a musician . But , that 's another story . As long as we pump the money into these inferior works , Hollywood will continue to produce such crap . Like , Halloween III , this one is forgotten . Turn the page . Save your money for the release of H2K . Hopefully , they 'll get it right this time . Another example of how bad the industry has become .
 Buena Vista has once again supplied a horrendous package . This movie does NOT contain a commentary track as noted on the box , nor is there a DTS track . If you absolutly have to have the movie , the transfer is not bad for a non-anamorphic . but the misleading advertising -LRB- from BV , not amazon 's fault -RRB- , and the cost are serious things you want to consider
 this movie was probably the worst horror movie i 've ever seen . compare it to the original , you have crap . and , if you blood and guts being spilled all over the place , and if you get scared , just by seeing him walk around , then ... okay , buy it . but , do n't buy it , if you 're looking for some great scare ... because , it wo n't happen
 the only good part of his movie was Jsh Hartnett . He 's a hottie . Do n't waste your money .
 Hell it sucked ! Kevin Williamson totally destroyed the Halloween franchise . Ask any die hard Halloween fans like myself , they 'll tell you . It SUCKED ! When I learned that Jamie Lee Curtis was back , I was so excited cuz I was expecting something like the original Halloween . It sucked so much , I almost ask for a refund when I exited the movie theater .
 I went to the theatre expecting to see a great scary sequel to all the halloween movies . When I saw the movie , I had all the emotions about it that I did n't want to have . It was boring , no where near scary , and what is up with it being so short . The only thing that I liked about this movie was Jamie Lee Curtis 's attitude . She finally quits running away and faces her problem . I have seen all the other Halloween movies but this was the 2nd to worst one -LRB- Halloween 3 being the worst -RRB- . But , contrary to my review , I do recomend seeing it , but only so you can see how the series ends , but if this is your first halloween , try to pick a different one .
 YUCH!What an awful movie.This does n't deserve to be in the same category of Nightmare on Elm Street , or even a part of this series.If I could I would give this movie a zero , even a negative.I have seen hundreds of horror movies since I was a boy , but this is slasher movies at its worst.It had no good point , and the directing was awful too.Not enough killing , and flat out boring.Not worth a penny of my money.Not scary at all.Steer clear of this stinker .
 After the fiasco that was Halloween 6
 Although birdwatching would be more interesting - in fact - doing anything would be more interesting than watching this godforsaken piece of filth . I would rather inflict bodily harm to loved ones rather than make them watch this movie . I want to sue whoever is responsible for creating this thing for stealing time from away from me . I actually went to the theatre to be subjected to this ... this ... torture ! I 'm sure everyone involved in the movie are horribly ashamed of themselves . I 'll sum it up like so
 How many sequels can you take ? As if the previous four were n't bad enough , -LRB- we 'll go ahead and throw the third in there too . -RRB- now this . Unless I am mistaken , the original premise of Halloween was that evil can never really be truly eliminated . Obviously since then we 've discovered that all you really have to do is crash an ambulance . Plus , gore is not suspense people !
 I am a die-hard Halloween fan , but this was not Halloween , it was `` Scream '' . There were many character breaks on Michael Myers ' part . He let people who should have been killed go . There were unsurprising comebacks of characters who had died , and many other boring plot twist that have been used many times before . Every other Halloween film , that featured Michael Myers , was great until this one . Kevin Williamson should give writing a break , at least until he can think up a plot that is not `` Scream '' . Do n't get me wrong , I love `` Scream '' . The problem is that they have used that basic plot , with a couple different details , about seven times now . The ending of `` H2O '' is also a complete downer , and destoyed all possible enjoyment you could get out of this film . I gave this two stars because Michael Myers is in it , AND THAT IS THE ONLY REASON . This is absolutely not worth buying , or even watching . If you are not so into the series , unlike me , you MIGHT like it , but I doubt it .
 20 years ago Michael meyers stalked his sister laurie strode and tryed to kill her . After he failed he ramaged against his other family members to get to her and to fufill his destination . In h20 Michael finally finds his sister and stalks her again . This movie sucks it has the teen 90 's horror movie feel -LRB- like dumb a $ $ scream -RRB- . Michael should be alive and back on his rampage . Donnot waste your money seeing this movie . The only reason we -LRB- my cousin and I -RRB- give this a two is because it brought you back to the fight between Laurie and Michael If that really was Michael .
 Oh , what a terrible movie . I wasted $ 2.99 that I should have spent on a taco and a soft drink instead.The acting was bad . Where did this guy get the pistol ? Was it a Smith and Wesson or a Ruger .357 mag . A gun not used by British soldiers during WWII . Maybe he mail ordered it from America.Sad to say that after watching this movie for 30 minutes I had to turn it off and hopefully never see it again .
 Let me say right up front , I llooovvvveee `` Disaster '' flicks . Being a nurse who has workedat a Level I Trauma Center that sees the ` worst of the worst ' of human injuries & illnesses , and having been through many disasters of my own , working in war-torn countries , surviving a major earthquake to having to make an emergency landing in Tokyo when we were re-routed by a cyclone & a few other disasters in between , our family enjoys these shows immensely . Even the `` B '' movies we love to laugh & take apart the mistakes . But , `` Air Collision '' is beyond a `` B '' movie . Is it possible to go down to `` Z '' ? The best part of the movie is the first 30 seconds -LRB- NO Spoilers given -RRB- , then it goes downhill from there.I was n't sure whether to give this DVD a 1 + rating for being the worst film ever , or a 5 + for being the worst film ever ! It was a hard call . For those who may not be aware , there really is a `` Rotten Tomato '' Award Ceremony , a spoof of the Academy Awards for the WORST film of the year . Sandra Bullock won both an Academy Award for `` Blind Side '' & a `` Rotten Tomato '' Award for `` All About Steve '' in the same year . But , I digress . This film should truly win a `` Rotten Tomato '' Award for 2012 . Let 's just say , none of the actors should give up their day jobs waitressing , valet parking , etc.To say this had moments of being `` politically incorrect '' is putting it politely . This will insult every pilot , air traffic controller , flight attendant , and , well , humans who may suffer through its 90 minutes of content . Just how many pilots would be the FIRST off the plane before the passengers if it were finally able to land back on terra firma ?! I could name 2 , but I do n't want to take any suspense away from seeing if anyone survives `` Air Collision '' ! When you 're not holding your breath from wondering what will happen next -LRB- every pun intended -RRB- , to falling asleep from sheer boredom , then this is the film for you . But , do n't say I did n't warn you , when you look back on your Life & wonder `` what happened ? '' , this film will be the first to come to mind of what a ` wasted Life ' you led , by having spent even a moment watching it . I did it for you -LRB- you can hold your applause until the end , for the sacrifice I made to all -RRB- , so you do n't have to.If this film had humor in it , it could be another `` Airplane '' , but , we the viewers are not that lucky . I was hoping the `` Special Features '' would have some redeeming qualities . Nope . With the Director/Writer smiling at the camera & saying , `` I hope you enjoy the movie '' , I just wanted to take her hand & lead her off the plane ... that big step all the way down.Remember ... you were warned .
 I was more than upset with myself for making this puchase and in blu-ray no less ! This `` film '' is a ghastly excuse for entertainment . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 One star is too many . I love action movies , especially anything involving airplanes & ATC . The acting is terrible ! The film must not have bother with a technical adviser or just ignored them -LRB- I am a retired controller and a pilot -RRB- . Very little resembles the truth in this movie , and you must have a little to make it seem watchable . If I did n't get to watch it for free , I would have spent too much . But I did waste my time , hope you do n't make the same mistake .
 Too many faults with the movie to list . The military rank was all wrong , a Captain in the army is not called Colonel and the `` Colonel '' was much too young to have ever reached that rank . Normally when a T-tail aircraft bumps it 's tail against the bottom of another aircraft moving at high speed , the tail falls off . Glad I only paid $ 2.00 for the movie , it was incredibly awful .
 The trailer makes this movie look good . The first 30 seconds of the movie will show you that the movie is absurd . I 've seen some low budget stuff but this is the worst I have ever seen .
 Its a sick planet when you can have millions of people starving in the world and millions can be spent making a movie like this . If I gave my baby sister a 1980 's VHS recorder and sent her into the backyard I dont think she could have done much worse !!!
 This show has a good plot , but it is very low budget . I can only say it is watchable ! It was the normal cost for a new release , but the cost should have been half that .
 Bought this expecting a DVD of the classic comi-color cartoons.Almost the entire thing was Flip the Frog cartoons . Black and white . Not bad but not what I hoped it would be . Disappointing .
 Even though Rob Lowe did a nice job in his role , overall I thought the movie was pretty poor . It definitely seemed like a &#34; made for TV &#34; movie . If you 're bored , it may be something to watch , but I think there a lot of better movies out there .
 This is a very amatuerish DVD , in which many still photos are displayed repetitiously.The narration is clearly totally impromptu - not planned or arranged in any orderly manner.It 's not very helpful in understanding the subject at all .
 You can always count on some mercenary to take advantage of an actor 's success by releasing one of his or her early roles in some worthless B movie . ` Quiet Days In Hollywood ' is an abominable ensemble production produced in 1997 and never released in theaters in the United States -LRB- it saw a limited release in Germany -RRB- . It was just released to the video market with Hilary Swank as the marketing hook . Actually , despite the fact that her picture and name dominate the package , Swank has only two limited appearances in the film.The film is a series of chain linked sex vignettes . Each character has sex with another character and then the second character moves on to the next vignette and has sex with another who moves on to another etc. , until finally , the circle is complete and the last character has sex with the first character . The story has all the substance of a porn movie , with banal , profanity-riddled dialogue serving to bridge the gap between sex scenes . Since the sex scenes were mostly implied or obscured , even the prurient aspect was limited.Hillary Swank plays a hooker on the streets of Hollywood . She is brash to the point of stupidity , taunting and insulting dangerous people as if she has some sort of death wish . Her performance here is very amateurish and unpolished . Natasha Gregson Wagner was the only other cast member worth mentioning . She gave a reasonably good performance as a woman in an open marriage having sex with one of her husband 's employees -LRB- the husband knows -RRB- . There is not really much more to say about this sham . I rated it a 2/10 . Do n't get duped into seeing it as I did just because Swank is on the cover .
 Let me count the ways : Bad writing . At first I thought they were trying for a `` Pulp Fiction '' type of wittily semi-meaningless dialogue , then I gave up and decided it was just BAD . Translated from a German screenplay , but this would n't be any better auf Deutsch.Bad direction . The action scenes look like an episode of `` Cops '' , the sex scenes look like porn.Bad acting . Chad Lowe 's wall-pounding men 's - room rant about some half-explained record company lawsuit is as bizarre as any I have ever seen . Hilary Swank 's accent seems to change from Brooklynese in the first scene to Minnesotan in the finale.Even the squealing guitar music is bad . ... Hilary Swank has come a LONG way from this swill to `` Boys Do n't Cry . ''
 This was awful . All I can say is if you are a Hilary Swank fan , rent it so you can quit walking past it with curiousity in the video store . Just get it out of the way and done with . Obviously it 's only been released to make a few bucks out of Swanks 's breakthrough in Boys Do n't Cry . Her only good part in the movie is at the end . Chad Lowe is hideous in it , each part dragged on and on - my fast forward button served me well . Jeez , what a waste .
 Possibly the worst movie ever made - dialogue was improved immensely by putting it on Fast Forward .
 I love the show , but I was very disappointed when I found out there was n't another audio track with bleeped bad language . Now I 'm either going to have to only watch this by myself or return it . Poor move on MTV/Paramount 's part . Even the Osbournes got an edited track and they 're just as bad or worse ! Surely it would n't have been THAT difficult to add an edited track . Had they done this , it easily would 've gotten 5 stars from me . I personally do n't mind bad language much , but some of the people I would have been watching this with DO mind . Very , very lame . And something that could have been so easily corrected !
 I am really not knocking the show . . but more questioning , Why would anyone feel the need to actually spend money on a show like this ? I mean come on . . just turn on MTV ?? Once you have seen an episode . . and the celebrity is punked ... why would you need to have it on DVD ? Is there people that really want to watch the same GAG twice ?? that would be boring . . save your money and just watch the NEW shows on MTV !
 Ashton Kutcher , please go away . You are the posterchild for `` overexposed . `` MTV , get a clue . How about playing some music videos as opposed to crappy , filler type shows like this and 36 hour marathons of The Real World.The rest of the world could care less about a bunch of teenage losers scramming for their 15 minutes of fame .
 The Rich Playing games on the RICH HA HA HA HA !!!!!!!! Get the lotion !!!!!!!!!!!
 Okay , okay , not really . I would never in a million years buy this DVD set . I already saw it on MTV , thank GAWD ! , and would never buy it . Here 's why!First of all the premise . If you analyze other Hidden Camera shows , the sucess factor is based on , not limiting yourself to your `` marks . '' That is , this show `` punk 's '' famous people . Well , that is limiting yourself from the start.Now , what happens if the taped segment is n't funny ? Well , if you 're Jamie Kennedy , you turn to another `` mark '' and tape another segment . You do this 3 or 4 times -LRB- or more , I suppose -RRB- until you get the superfunny segment.Well , herein lies the problem with Punk 'd . Since they only `` fool '' famous people , they are limited to that once -LRB- or twice -RRB- that they get a believeable take . And , as someone like me knows , -LRB- a long time fan of these `` prank , hidden camera/microphone/video camera shows -RRB- successful segments do n't necessarily happen the first take.That 's why shows like Jamie Kennedy , and other `` Candid Camera '' segments are successful , and why Punk 'd is n't . The other shows have the luxury of depending on more segments to capture a successful and FUNNY segment . Punk 'd is not successful , and NOT funny ! Anyone who thinks it is , is falling on the already established liking of Ashton Kutcher , the famous people , MTV , or have never been exposed to a funny program , such as Jamie Kennedy.A typical segment shows Ashton explaining , laughing , about the segment , in a fashion of somebody who is probably enjoying it , more than his audience . You know the type . Somebody who laughs half-way through telling you a joke ? You do n't laugh , and wonder why you are even listening ? Same thing for this show . The audience is wondering when they will laugh as hard as the host.Reading the other reviews , I was not surprised to see so many negative reviews . This show is not funny , and very un-deserving of even a second season . Please do not renew or even show re-runs of this show , MTV . A real stinker . Two `` W 's '' down !
 Okay , okay , not really . I would never in a million years buy this DVD set . I already saw it on MTV , thank GAWD ! , and would never buy it . Here 's why!First of all the premise . If you analyze other Hidden Camera shows , the sucess factor is based on , not limiting yourself to your `` marks . '' That is , this show `` punk 's '' famous people . Well , that is limiting yourself from the start.Now , what happens if the taped segment is n't funny ? Well , if you 're Jamie Kennedy , you turn to another `` mark '' and tape another segment . You do this 3 or 4 times -LRB- or more , I suppose -RRB- until you get the superfunny segment.Well , herein lies the problem with Punk 'd . Since they only `` fool '' famous people , they are limited to that once -LRB- or twice -RRB- that they get a believeable take . And , as someone like me knows , -LRB- a long time fan of these `` prank , hidden camera/microphone/video camera shows -RRB- successful segments do n't necessarily happen the first take.That 's why shows like Jamie Kennedy , and other `` Candid Camera '' segments are successful , and why Punk 'd is n't . The other shows have the luxury of depending on more segments to capture a successful and FUNNY segment . Punk 'd is not successful , and NOT funny ! Anyone who thinks it is , is falling on the already established liking of Ashton Kutcher , the famous people , MTV , or have never been exposed to a funny program , such as Jamie Kennedy.A typical segment shows Ashton explaining , laughing , about the segment , in a fashion of somebody who is probably enjoying it , more than his audience . You know the type . Somebody who laughs half-way through telling you a joke ? You do n't laugh , and wonder why you are even listening ? Same thing for this show . The audience is wondering when they will laugh as hard as the host.Reading the other reviews , I was not surprised to see so many negative reviews . This show is not funny , and very un-deserving of even a second season . Please do not renew or even show re-runs of this show , MTV . A real stinker . Two `` W 's '' down !
 I am really not knocking the show . . but more questioning , Why would anyone feel the need to actually spend money on a show like this ? I mean come on . . just turn on MTV ?? Once you have seen an episode . . and the celebrity is punked ... why would you need to have it on DVD ? Is there people that really want to watch the same GAG twice ?? that would be boring . . save your money and just watch the NEW shows on MTV !
 Aston Kirchner is 30 , a lie , an act of disgrace . I his father he my dirty tissue . No buy . no buy . no buy . Watch johnny margera instea .
 DID YOU SEE THE ONE WHERE THEY SET UP THE CELEBRITY AND THE CELEBRITY WAS LIKE `` WTF ?????? '' AND THEN THAT STARBURSTS COMMERCIAL CAME ON ??? I LOVE THAT COMMERCIAL !!! HWAT A GOOD SHOW .
 A ripoff of The Jamie Kennedy Experiment . Honestly , who wants to see some bum trick celebrities ? If you want some hidden camera stuff that 's actually entertaining , get JKX season 1 .
 Bring back the Lyricist Lounge Show and the original MTV Jams.I remember I was so excited when they had MTV Jams on and they played nothing but strait up banging hip hop from the 1990s . Then there was the Lyricist Lounge . for you people that only watch todays rap videos you missed it . It was just dudes having skits and just doing great rapping . Look at 106 Park and Freestyle Fridays and times that by a hundred and your close to the Lyricist Lounge . some of the members were Kweli-Mos-Words-Em-Big and even of tight people who are no names . and as plain white said bring back shows such as The Tom Green Show are atleast put out some DVDs . As for this junk I believe it is a step or two a head of the excellent show-Pimp my Ride . Tell MTV to start showing some PIMP rap from 1994 like Nas or Snoop are DJ Premier beats . I hate that punk Ashton Kutchar and all I have to say is Bruce will kick yo white Azz .
 OK , this is the most unfunny hidden camera show . If you want a very good one , chose jamie kennedy experiment . That is a good show . This is just not funny and annoying .
 Are there subtitles on this program ?? MTV , all full-length streaming content require closed captions and I do n't see any indicated in the product description , so I can not watch this program as a hard of hearing person .
 I purchased this DVD as a Christmas present for my wife . She opened it and loved it because shes a big fan of the show . She went to play disc 1 and it wouldnt play . She tried disc 2 , then three , and none would work . Tried the discs in another player and they worked . Then another , and they didnt . Well , this is where it gets a little upsetting . The two players the discs didnt work in dont play recorded DVDs , only retail DVDs -LRB- they are older -RRB- . Well after looking at the discs it appears that they are not true retail DVDs . What does this mean ? Grab any retail DVD . The bottom -LRB- the side that is read -RRB- is silver . These are purple . Just like the off the shelf DVDs you can buy to record your own DVDs on a computer . Maybe the discs were made by Fox like this , but I have NEVER seen a retail DVD made like that . On top of that , all three discs were scratched . The first two had minor but noticeable scratches , but disc 3 was just horrible.I can not tell you how upsetting this is . Maybe this is the reason I cant find this DVD anywhere else but Amazon . Never had a bad experience with an amazon order until this one . Its too bad because now I will have to think twice about ordering any DVDs from Amazon.So , although the series is great , I have to say you may want to think twice about purchasing this dvd .
 I love Raising Hope . But I 'm really disappointed in Amazon 's video service . You 're not buying the actual &#34; video &#34; like you would when you buy something on iTunes ; you 're buying the rights to play it . Basically , you still have to be in internet range and you ca n't download a copy on your computer . I find that really stupid , even if they do have reason behind it . I wish I would have just bought it from iTunes . Given , you can put it on your Kindle , but I did n't buy it for use with a Kindle.On top of that , I 'm really disappointed in the actual episode . It was super stupid . Of course I think Raising Hope is a hit and miss type thing , because some episodes make me cringe while others make me laugh . This was one that made me cringe . There was n't really a plot line to it and they were just watching a documentary type thing on the TV the entire time . They build up and pretty much summarize everything that I already knew , just to cut you off right after they tell you Lucy was back . I was mad I wasted my money on it .
 recieved my order on time . but noticed the cheap plastic and looked at the back of the discs , they are a cheap purple burnable disc . fox has not released this yet for real , BUYER BEWARE !!!!!! i have to say though that they did work fine in all of my devices but 25 $ for something that isnt even real is a bit bogus . love the show though hope they keep it longer than earl ...
 I thought it will Be Like Season 1 Release But Sadly No Subtitle . . Expensive for a very simple DVD .
 I know they just &#34; burn &#34; the show onto DVDs for you now when you order it , but could n't they at least have sprung for a subtitle option ? No subtitles or CC available makes this worse than saving it on your DVR where you can at least CC . Even if you stream them you can usually turn on the subtitles so why not find a way to include them ? Add to that poor picture quality and a shrunken DVD case insert and this is a cheapo DVD output given a price that 's higher than I paid for the subtitled , special-featured put-out-by-the-studio Season 1 set I bought . Two stars just because I 'm happy to at least have the season on DVD ...
 I have ordered MOD sets in the past and they have been just fine . This set arrived in the cheapest 3 disc case I have ever seen ! The smell is overwhelming , the plastic is rough and the hold down clips are flimsy ! The first set came with one of the discs loose in the case and rattling around inside it during shipping causing a circular scratch on it . When trying to play the disc , it would lock up in all 3 of my players . I sent the set back for a replacement . When the second set arrived , the flapper tray had broken loose inside the case . The disc was still attached to it so it should play OK , But , that means unless I want to take a chance on another replacement set , I will have to purchase a 3 disc case myself . I have tried to purchase the good cases that the studios seem to have an exclusive on and I ca n't . So , even though I wo n't be able to get a good case to put it in , I can at least put the set in a case that will stay together and not smell up the place ! I am very disappointed in 20th Century Fox . Such a respected studio and they are starting to use these cheap cases ! With prices we pay for these DVDs , they should use decent cases -LRB- like they did in the past -RRB- for their customers !
 I could 've sworn I was watching an hour or so of out-takes or audition tapes . Well , if this is a movie , IT 'S TERRIBLE ! Do NOT soil your expensive Hi-Fi TV 's with this big pile of Marlon Wayans infected crap ! The acting is downright atrocious ... even Jeremy Irons gets a sigh of disgust from me . The special were FAR from believable , equivalent to a cut out from a cereal box being slid across the screen ! The plot was a bore , everything was predictable ... with traces from everyother movie in the fantasy genre ... including cheesy ripoffs from Star Wars ... do n't believe me ? Watch it , at your own risk ! Personally , I 'd rather watch Wing Commander -LRB- Yuck ! -RRB- 6 times back to back than watch this pathetic attempt to profit from the big screen using a popular name.Do what I did ... endure to the end of the movie and start taking names of who 's responsible for this waste of time ... action should be taken !
 Well , the trailer was great ; unfortunately the trailer contained all the good stuff the movie had . Some effects are good , but plot is weak and has no connections to `` Dungeons & Dragons '' whatsoever . I would recommend fantasy fans see it when it would be available for rent . Do n't make the same error I made ; do n't waste your money to see it in theaters or to buy it .
 ... but it 's hard to find much positive to say about this movie . Jeremy Irons must have needed the money , but at least he gurns his way through this in a professional fashion ; his sidekick can at least do vaguely menacing , although it must have been hard not to giggle when the blue lipstick went on.The lead characters are drawn with all the subtlety one would expect of a man who has been allowed to write the script with red crayons on the back of some old wallpaper . They are by turns , appallingly naff and simply appalling . Marlon Wayans manages a new low in eye-rolling sidekickness . When one ` hero ' is thrown from a tower by a blue-lipsticked villain , I found myself cheering for the Forces of Darkness.However , if bad movies are your thing , there are bits to savour and enjoy
 It 's hard to believe that this film was made . Never in my life have I ever viewed such a horrible montage of rehashed cliches.The movie looked like an overblown version of Hercules
 I was so thouroughly dissapointed with this movie . Everything about it sucked , save for the animation on the dragons.I am a true DND nerd . I have played for years and know every subtle nuance of the game . And the director/writers of this film clearly never even saw DND in action.All the characters were bumbeling morons , the scenes from the movie looked like cheap star wars rip offs . They took classic DND monsters and totally rewrote the entire concept behind them . I was left unfulfilled from moment 1 . The magic in the movie was stupid , everyone used `` magic dust '' . There were no cool spell incantations . Just loud unrememberable music . I found myself routing for the bad guys to hope they kill the heros -LRB- Especially Marlin Wayans -RRB- . The fights were bad , the plot was bad . Any true DND player will despise this film . The only people who will enjoy this movie are people with no expectations . If you never played a fantasy game in your life and do n't really care about plot , then rent it . Definately do not buy it .
 Critics say this movie has a cheap look and is badly directed . Despite the presence of talented actors , the performances are really bad , and additionally , some people are offended at Marlon Wayans ' character , calling it a racist throwback to black stereotypes . With the release of Lord Of The Rings , we -LRB- D&D Fans -RRB- were FINALLY able to come out of the closet . It is a glowing moment for us after years of ridicule from co-workers ... family ... . peers ... . etc from the age of 12 . The Dungeon & Dragon 's movie released in 2000 only ADDED to that pain ! After watching LOTR with people unfamiliar with Wizards of The Coast products , I was able to broach the topic and get some of my friends interested in playing the D&D game . The ONLY amusement this movie has given us as fans is it 's RIDICULE factor ... . and even that pales after a minute or so . I 'm baffled that there is talk of a sequel . I suppose for those in the age range of 13yrs or younger will give this movie more than 1 star . Instead get Hawk the Slayer . It 's low budget but at least it was an ` honest ' attempt at making a good B movie unlike this one .
 This movie is perhaps the worst movie I have ever seen . I does n't remain true to the Roleplaying game it is based off of , the acting is terrible , an d the story is bland and uninteresting . The special effects are alright , but you ca n't get past the TERRIBLE acting seen in this movie . This is Gigli times 2 .
 Because I 've got one word to say to you
 I really tried to watch this movie from beginning to end . For the fun of it . Really ! I tried ! It 's bad . Bad , bad , bad ! Not `` laughably bad '' or `` so bad it was good '' . It 's BAD ! It does n't even inspire Mystery Science Theater 3000 jokes at 3 a.m. after drinking to much Mountain Dew . Borrow it if you must , but do n't waste a free rental ... on it
 This movie was so bad it gave me a stomach ache.Simply the worst Hollywood has to offer , in a genre that Hollywood refuses to take seriously ... For a study in good filmmaking versus bad , compare this film to the brilliant `` Fellowship of the Ring . '' Then never watch this trite garbage again .
 As much as I wanted to like this one , this movie was pretty horrible . The plot was uninspiring , the acting was DEPLORABLE , the casting was poor , and the CGI effets were just one notch above cheesy . Do n't waste your money on this one , but it might be fun to watch with a group of drunk friends if you can catch it on cable.The level of bad acting and/or overacting in this film doens ' t compare to anything I 've ever seen , except maybe for Xena or Hercules or other such shows dubbed `` Cheesy Adventure Shows . '' They are the ones that are fun to watch , but so mind-numbing that it suprises me that I can rememeber how to work the remote control once they 're over . This movie is very much like those.The story , about two theives sucked into journey to find a magical artifact that will help save a kingdom of rival mages from civil war , was not quite boring , but far from engrossing . It lightly touched on the `` mythology '' of the game from time to time , but never paid it the tribute that was due . The character development was mostly non-existent , so by the end I found myself not really caring what happened to any of them . And the casting ... I 'll take `` Movies that Marlon Wayans Should Not Be In '' for $ 400 , Alex. Wayans does n't ruin the movie himself , but just becomes part of a long list of negative qualities that make this film the abomination that it was.The worst part of all is this
 This movie was awful ... do n't let anyone convince you otherwise ... Despite bad critical reviews I thought I 'd try it since critics rarely seem to like this genre , but I sat for however long -LRB- too long -RRB- in a movie theatre , napping & waiting for SOMETHING good to happen . There was ONE spot that I found vaguely interesting , not for its acting , or the impact on the plot but because it reminded me of a Tarot card -LRB- the hanged man -RRB- and I thought that was kind of clever -- but because the hanged man means trial by ordeal that one comes through , the reference made me expect something deep & interesting later from this reference , which never happened ... . Really , the only trial by ordeal was paying to see this movie , and I did not come through the trial improved . I only stayed because I thought my friends were enjoying it -LRB- they were n't either -RRB- . I love fantasy , am not a D&D player -LRB- i.e. , not a rabid fan who was n't going to be pleased by anything . -RRB- There are far better movies in this genre to watch -- try Dark Crystal , try The Princess Bride , try even Willow . But do n't waste your time on this embarassing attempt to pander to what movie makers must think is an immature audience of people who will accept junk as long as it has a famous name .
 I 'm not sure what I was expecting , but the movie was less than impressive . Its a classic example of how not to do a movie - no focus on the story and play up the special effects . The special effects were good , but seemed to soak up so much of the budget that the sets and costumes looked like they were straight off of Zena . The movie tried to do too many things - be sort of a fun , medieval knight movie like First Knight , a little bit of Star Wars , a little bit of Willow , and a little bit of Raiders of the Lost Ark. . I swore scenes were taken from all of these movies and thrown together to create Dungeons and Dragons . There were also too many characters which did n't add to the story - they simply detracted from the main focus of the battle . Lines are also misdelivered where lines that should make you cry or cheer end up making you laugh because they sound so pitiful . I love movies and its not often I find one that I dislike so much ... this movie was my dungeon .
 < stream of consciousness review > I had high hopes for this film but they were quickly dashed . The dialogue was just horrible ... truly horrendous ... it was worse than Titanic 's dialogue . The acting was atrocious with the only bright spots being Richard O'Brien -LRB- Rocky Horror 's Riff Raff -RRB- and Tom Baker -LRB- Dr. Who -RRB- . Marlon Wayans put in a truly offensive performance of a Stepin Fetchit kind . The main highlight was the Thieves ' Guild maze sequence with the anti-Indiana Jones ending . That was a nice touch , but the rest of the movie was pretty awful . Thora Birch was particularly terrible with a performance that looked like she slept through . I must admit it was amusing to watch Jeremy Irons , a great actor , suffer through such poor material , though.I give this movie two stars , rather than one , because it might prove useful to make fun of with some friends , but if you have fond memories of playing D&D ; back in junior high school like I do , then this movie will disappoint . Most of us could have put together a better script than this and included a half-way decent dungeon crawl . I mean , geez , the movie is called DUNGEONS & Dragons , and there was only one really cheap and cheesy dungeon . < / stream of consciousness > What a disappointment !
 I 'm a long time D&D gamer ... love the genre and am thankful the Lord of the Rings movies did it right . As for the Dungeons and Dragons movie ... well , I think a brain dead monkey could write something better.I heard it was bad ... I fully expected awful ... but no , oh no ... I was still not prepared for the load of crap this movie dished out.Special effects ? Whatever . The effects were cheesy and you can tell all the money was poured into the final scene with the dragons circling the city . There 's one random character that keeps flicking his tongue out - I imagine a computer generated serpentine tongue was supposed to be added , but the movie makers left it untouched , and now you have some goofy looking guy sticking out his tongue now and then . I 'm laughing just thinking of how stupid it was.Anyway , do n't expect plot , acting or continuity . Where did the Dwarf come from ? I do n't think it was even explained ... and he surely has no reason to join our band of idiot adventurers . What 's the point of having a spell caster who never casts spells ? And why is a thief becoming a swashbuckling , sword-swinging fighter ? < shudder > So awful . People who call D&D gamers dorks will have a lot of ammunition if they see this lousy piece of pig vomit .
 I too am a D&D player and have been for over 20 years now . I am also a movie lover - and for you naysayers - not just of the sci fi/fantasy/action brand . I remember when Gary Gygax -LRB- the founder of D&D back in the 70 's -RRB- was planning to finance a film in the 80 's . I have been waiting in anticipation since then . Imagine my excitement when I found out that one was actually being made.Imagine my disappointment when I saw the film . I tried to like it . I wanted to like it , but I did n't . The only reason why I did n't hate it is because I am a fan of Dungeons and Dragons . Had I not been a fan , I am sure I would have shot this down in flames and then kicked the flaming mess when it landed.For those of you that have read some of the other reviews -LRB- which I agree with in the main -RRB- , I might mention that Courtney Solomon -LRB- Director -RRB- optioned the rights for this film back in the early 90 's . He was in his early 20 's then . He is 28 now I believe . He is an avid D&D player and had been pursuing the rights for a while before he was given the go ahead . He wanted to make a D&D film that players would be proud of . I guess he wanted to do it right to show up all those poorly made fantasy films of years past.There are a few valuable lessons here
 I pitty the GM who came up with this story and these rules ... lol
 This movie is competing with Battlefield Earth for being the worst movie ever made . First of all , did the concept designers ever even play D&D , or had they only heard about it ? I personally found this to be more the plot you 'd expect in a cheap fantasy novel than a well laid out D&D game.Aside from the general plot , I swear the dialog was written by a 2 year old . Rather than spend a few $ on a decent screenwriter they chose to have an annoyingly large number of badly-animated fly arounds of the stupid castle . This movie makes for some great MST3K roleplaying on your part , however.Finally , the acting . I recall Jeremy Irons no actually being that bad of an actor . After a long painful experience of watching this I finally concluded that the director , Courtney Solomon , is probably just clueless or had a BAD BAD 6 months . Either way , this movie was an experiment in the heat capacity of american dollars , and should probably be avoided , and rented for MST3K purposes .
 As a player of RPGs for 19 years , I have always been hungry for good Fantasy anything - be it art , books or movies . When I heard about the D&D movie , I was excited , yet apprehensive ... Would it be another Conan , or another Red Sonya ? Piles of gold or goblin dung?Dung it is ! This film is absolutely terrible.But sometimes , that 's ok.Bad movie = Funny Movie.My pals and I were rolling on the floor when we saw this film . I have never had a better time at a movie , except maybe when I saw Star Wars the first time . However , this was much , much more fun.The acting was crazy , over-the-top , to the extreme . The `` Oatmeal Carpet Monster '' was , well , kooky . The Dwarf 's expressions were fantastic.I thought that I was going to die.But I ca n't wait to buy it . I am going to have a D&D movie party at my house , and I 'm going to laugh at the hilarity of it all . You could n't make a funnier parody of fantasy if you tried . I ALMOST think that they were making a parody , but no.It is amazing cheeze.I am saving my fantasy movie hopes on LOTR , probably like the rest of you . Until then , I 'll get out my dice , and have a quality fantasy experience . You should too.Daniel Davis Agyris.net
 This film had alot of dragons , but was seriously lacking in dungeons . I do n't know about you , but I like alot of dungeon action .
 If you like fantasy books and such stuff , If you are interested in FRP or if you like good visual effects ; then do NOT WATCH this film . It is obvious that the effects have been cut to make the film cheaper . You can see at most 3 or 4 spells casted . And the effects are very typical . The dragons are just fire ball throwing big birds . And the wizards -LRB- even eith higher levels than 7 -RRB- can only cast fire ball like catapults . The story is weakly represented and the scenes are very inrelevant to each other , just like the movie Charlie 's Angels . The jokes and conversations are very very typical and you know what they will say before you hear it . In conclusion , even I -LRB- I am a real fantasy fan -RRB- got bored watching this film . So STAY AWAY !
 I 'm a big fan of medival movies and monster flicks , but this one fell short . Why ? Because the graphics were n't that good , the acting was very lousey and the characters were n't believable . The good things about this movie were that they had some good ideas that looked good and it was sort of fun watching what was going on . I really could bash this movie and say how this sucked or how they could of done this better , but I 'm not . In a way it 's sort of a good kids movie that does has some violent seens that are n't particularly good for younger children . But it 's a decent attempt . BUT RENT IT AND SEE WHAT YOU THINK OF IT .
 Horrible acting , ridiculous special effects , nuderdeveloped characters , and some of the most pathetic dialogue . Really this is a disgrace to anyone that plays D&D . I only say that because the one movie based on D&D is so incredibly retarded that it only furthers peoples beliefs on how retarded and nerdy people must be to play D&D . I could have wrote a better storyline at age 4 even if I could not direct it as well at that age . I do n't think I 've seen movies with worse acting except on the spanish channels and at least theirs are funny bad and not annoying bad . And another thing the dwarf is one of the taller characters in the movie . How is that right ?
 I have been playing , writing and running Dungeons & Dragons games for about 15 years now so I was pretty excited when I read that it was being adapted for the big screen . I really hoped the film would bring some legitimacy to the hobby in the eyes of the general public . But what Courtney Solomon has produced here is a festering heap of bad storylines and poor acting.All you need to do is watch the extras on the DVD to see just how incompetent Mr Solomon is . A hardcore gamer himself , Courtney explains his vision for the movie . To produce a story that was appealing and satisfying for gamers and non-gamers alike . Sure he might get an E for effort and passion but as the writer and director of this tripe Courtney Solomon has failed miserably.Firstly lets look at the story . Now fantasy stories are generally among some of the richest in fiction . From the Lord of the Rings , to Anne McCaffrey 's work to D&D spin offs like Dragon Lance and the Forgotten Realms , fantasy books are always full of rich settings and compelling characters . So why did a novice screenwriter like Solomon decide to try his hand at writing the screenplay ? Surely an adaptation of Weis & Hickman 's Dragon Lance Chronicles , Douglas Niles Moonshae Trilogy or R.A. Salvatore 's Icewind Dale Trilogy would have offered great settings and characters that are already established . An adaptation of anyone of these series would also have guaranteed a flow on audience that were familiar with the novels but may have never actually played the Dungeons & Dragons game.Recent successes like Blade , X-Men and Spiderman have shown that comics and fantasy stories can be turned into great movies with the right script and cast . Failures like Gor , the Punisher and Captain America show just how bad these tales can be when you get the ingredients wrong . Solomon 's Dungeons and Dragons definitely falls into the later category . The script only serves to alienate both the general public and the existing D&D fanbase by throwing is into a confusing setting full of shallow characters.And the acting ! Good God ! The two stars with top billing , Thora Birch and Jeremy Irons , obviously do n't want to be there . Birch 's performance is stunningly bland and average while Irons over acts and stinks it up at every available opportunity . Justin Whalin is completely disposable , a store mannequin would have done a better job . Marlon Wayans is ludicrous in his comedic side role as Snails.Although some of the effects , like the dragon dogfight , are interesting they are not enough to save the movie . Some of the effects like the Beholders are completely superfluous and do nothing to advance the story or characters.Don ' t get me wrong I really tried to defend this movie to my friends before and after it 's release , both as a half decent flick and then as a fun piece of B-Grade Schlock like Gor or Hawk
 It 's puting the name of D&D ; in vain ! Has the director ever played D&D ; ? Seems like he has n't played one game ! Oh . . And a dragon getting killed by a gate ? Madness ! What the heck is wrong with them ! This movie sinks so low ... I wish I could have an option of -5 stars instead of 5 ... The lowest I could do was 1 . . Poor old me ... As for the rating - ***** - five stars . I want a redo !!!!!!!!!!! I want an actual fantasy movie!Warning!DO NOT BUY ! Buy Lord of the Rings instead ! DO NOT BUY !
 On the up side , the adventuring party -LRB- with the exception of Marlan Wayans -RRB- was well cast . Unfortunately , there was little character development -LRB- the better portions of which can only be seen as deleted scenes on the DVD -RRB- and having Marlan Wayans scream like a girl every 5 seconds distracted from what little there was . What 's worse , Jeremy Irons , normally a great actor , came across as having a `` what am I doing in this stupid movie '' attitude.Dungeons and Dragons fans will be disappointed as there are virtually no dungeons and far too many `` dragons . '' I use quotes because the `` dragons '' were small -LRB- in D&D scale -RRB- , stupid , firebreathing lizards , nothing more . We did n't hear a dragon so much as speak , let alone cast spells , when , if true to the genre , the dragons should have been far more powerful spellcasters than their human counterparts.The DVD had failings as well . The deleted scenes must be watched either with commentary drowning out the whole scene or without commentary altogether . A prime example of a good deleted scenes section is `` Unbreakable '' where the director sets up the scene with his commentary then lets the viewer watch it as it was shot . The effects were anything but special , as the deconstructing special effects section shows . All they do here is show what we 've all seen a hundred times over ; wireframe to crude model to finished product computer generated creature -LRB- dragon -RRB- effects . They do n't go into the spell effects at all , though I doubt it would have been any more interesting .
 First things first ... I am biased . I have played AD&D ; for over 20 years and have had to put up with the consternation of friends , family , and acquantances for the hobby that I love.With that aside , this movie is just plain awful . In fact , I feel really upset that my brother bought this for me considering the profits go to the producers who allowed this script to even get approved.You can read other reviews if you really want to know what the plot was . All you really need to know is that the plot is terrible , the acting is terrible , and the ending is terrible . To me , the plot was almost the same as Star Wars
 Dungeons & Dragons is one of the most dumbest and ridiculous movies I 've ever seen . It looks like a `` Lord Of The Rings/Harry Potter '' spoof . I have never played the video game Dungeons & Dragons before , but I think if I did I would make a better movie than the one I saw on DVD . The computer-generated special effects stink -LRB- do we need to see a revolving castle every five minutes ? -RRB- , and the acting is horrendous . The two main characters are sucked into a map and they return moments later . What were they doing during that time ? Also , Marlon Wayans -LRB- Snails -RRB- ca n't act to save his life , but when his character was killed halfway during the movie that was the only bright spot . And in case you are wondering , there are dragons in this movie , but they are just there in the movie with no special purpose . I wo n't give any more details about the plot , considering the plot is a disorganized mess . I was hoping D&D would be a good popcorn movie in some way , but this was a movie that I ended up throwing popcorn at . AVOID !
 This DVD has two things going for it . It has a huge dragon battle , I love dragons , at the end of the movie , and it has some really promising scenes it it . Unfortunatly , the SFX used for the dragons are n't up to par with fantasy movies like Dragonheart and all the good scenes were in the selection of stuff cut from the movie.Things go downhill from here . This movie is bad . The director obviously spent every last dime he had to create the CGI for the dragons . Things like good actors and script writers were forgotten until the last moment . The script looks like it was put together by a monkey with a typewriter . To make it `` better '' scenes were ripped out of star wars and stuck in were appropriate . Did anyone notice that the elven villige scene looks exactly like the Ewok villige scene in Return of the Jedi?The actors are mostly either , a -RRB- cardboard cut outs or b -RRB- overacting to the point of emberassment . Justin Whalin is the star of the show . All other characters are in the movie to either try to kill him , thus making them the bad guys , or to save him from the aformintioned bad guys till he has a chance to take them , the bad guys , out later . He is also the only actor allowed into any of the dungeons . This keeps all the other actors in there place , manly standing around doing nothing . If a DM ran this campaign , his players would walk out on him after about a half hour . You would never cater this much to a single player.I almost cried when I saw the deleted scenes on the DVD . As I mentioned earlier , these are the best scenes on the DVD . I can not help but wonder if these are the punchline in some cruel joke being played upon the fantasy and science fiction lovers of the world.If you have to see this , take my advise , rent it , mute the volume , and watch the first and last ten to fifteen minutes of the movie.O , yea , I just thought of another thing the movie has going for it . Snails bites it half way through the movie . This is the best scene in the movie . I actually stood up and cheered when I saw this in the theater . Not like there was anyone there to see me do this.I apologize profusly to all star wars fans by mentioning a star wars movie in connection to this peice of < edited > .
 `` Dungeons and Dragons '' was Overdone in Every Possible Way , Except in Excitement and Entertainment . Sets were Far Too Busy ; Effects were Far Too Computerised , -LRB- I do n't think there was a single shot in the film that did n't have something computerised in it -RRB- and the Acting ... My God , the Acting . I 'll need a whole Paragraph to express my feelings about the Acting.Firstly , `` Dungeons and Dragons '' does n't feature Actors ; It features `` Over Actors '' . Everyone , Absolutely Everyone in the film Overacts . From the Leads to the Extras , from the Shakespearian Trained Actors -LRB- Jeremy Irons , Bruce Payne -RRB- , to the Square Jawed Heroes -LRB- Justin Whalin , Thora Birch -RRB- , to the So Called Comic Relief -LRB- Marlon Wayans -RRB- . They all Chew the Scenery.The Special Effects simply look Fake , there is no easier way to put it . If we , the audience , are expected to Care about the characters , and what is going on , we have to believe -LRB- at least a little -RRB- that what is happening . . IS Happening . The Effects are a Constant reminder that we live in the age of Computer Graphics . Instead of thinking `` Dragons are Attacking that Man '' , I was thinking `` That Man is Standing in front of a Blue Screen on a Sound Stage '' . The Effects may look Cool here and there , but they never once look Real . If this same Special Effects company made `` Jurassic Park '' , it would have Flopped Big Time.The film Blatantly Steals some scenes , or elements from the Infinitely Superior `` Star Wars '' and `` Indiana Jones '' films -LRB- any Star Wars or Indy fan should Easily be able to pick out at least 5 such instances -RRB- in a pathetic attempt to leach off their Popularity . . It does n't work , not by a Long Shot . I suppose you ca n't blame them for trying , but we can blame them for going ahead with the film without tweaking it 's many flaws.Whoever gave this film the Green light , without Insisting on a few Dozen script rewrites , deserves to have this film on their Resumes . It will teach them to put a little more Effort in next time . `` Dungeons and Dragons '' could have been a Great film , If the people involved in bringing it to the screen put a little more Faith , Talent and -LRB- of course -RRB- Money into it .
 Basically I 'm a fan of B-Movie fantasy films as well as a long time DnD player . I can say that the movie by itself is really not that bad and I 'd easily say that its not the worst B-Grade fantasy film ever made . However as a DnD movie it blows . I 'll never understand the need of filmakers to make a film based on something with a strong fan base and then change everything that the fans love about the subject . I can fully understand the need to change some things . This is a movie and unlike some purists I understand it is a different medium and sometimes things just have to be different . However this film bore almost NO resemblance to DnD . Fortunately when the sequel -LRB- Wrath of the Dragon God -RRB- was made this was fixed.Basically a good movie just not a good dnd movie . If you can get over that fact go ahead and watch it for the somewhat ok B fantasy movie that it is .
 Good God as someone who used to play D&D ; I could n't get over how archtypical the bad guy mage -LRB- Lawful Evil , probably around 18th-level -RRB- and his big brawny retainer -LRB- Neutral Evil , probably around 15-th level fighter or Anti-Paladin -RRB- were.Although Jeremy Irons -LRB- Profion -RRB- is an excellent actor who I respect a lot , he did overplay his character in several scenes . Damodar was just awful . Blue lipstick ??? Justin Whalen was n't bad as Ridley , and Marlon Wayans was acceptable comic relief as Snails . Thora Birch should be shot for her terrible performance . My goodness was she TRYING to sound like a gradeschool Christmas pageant Mrs. Claus ? Whoever hired and paid her should never be in charge of casting another movie again.The visuals were decent . I thought the dragon at the beginning looked a tad fake , but the battles between the reds and golds at the end was fairly entertaining . I liked the ominous sense of worry that came over me when Profion summoned the reds . That part was very cool , and a definite highlight of the movie.I wanted to see more creatures , too . The Beholder was neat , and portrayed in a way I thought was accurate , as were the orcs in the bar scene.Although kind of fun , this sure had a lot of faults . If you 're bored and want to laugh at stuff that maybe the director did n't plan on , rent this .
 I wish there were 0 stars for this movie.Let me think if there 's anything positive to say about this movie : - Plot ... . Bad - Acting ... . Bad - Special FX . . Bad - Characters . . Bad ------------------- Summary ... . Really Bad -LRB- not an average -RRB- Just watch this movie so you can agree with me .
 This movie was rented at my house shortly after it came out on video . I was aware of the 80 's D and D game , and was eager to see what had been done to it on the big screen.Boy howdy , I sure am glad that it was rented , because paying for movie tickets would have been a huge rip-off ! it started out okay , and I could tell it was n't going to be a great movie . But not everything can be great , and lots of stuff that 's so-so or okay can still be very enjoyable.Not this . The writing and story were awful . Some of the lines were terrible , and the villain and his accomplice ... ugh ! The ending was really bad and cliched as well . I ca n't think of a single character I remotely liked . I suppose if I HAD to choose one , I 'd pick Damodar or Marina , but seriously , this movie is pretty bad .
 Everything about this film is 100 % , totally , super WRONG . The casting , the story , the effects and the writing are all -LSB- bleep -RSB- WRONG !!!!! The acting is stupid and chessy . The story make no sense even for a film called `` Dungeons & Dragons '' We also see very little dungeons and dragons . The setting looks like they got it on loan from A Kid in King Arthur 's Count . The ending is super confusing at best . Its like watching A WCW Pay-Per-View from 2000 -LRB- The same year this movie was made -RRB- I give this -LSB- bleep -RSB- a -LSB- bleep -RSB- 0 out of 10 .
 You are faced with an excess of very unrealistic-looking CGI . The whole of the Empress ' castle , not to mention the entire city , all of the dragons , most of the weapons , the fantastic landscapes , all look somewhat less beautiful and less real than the average Larry Elmore Dragon cover . You have 10 weeks and $ 10 million to try to make them better . What do you do?You miss , sorry , the THACO on this attack was 6 and you rolled a 4 . There is a screenplay before you , filled with gaping holes in the action -LRB- why are they suddenly in an empty forest at least twice ? why is the female magician unable to use magic except when it 's convenient ? why is our callow hero , Ridley , so special and the only one who can complete this quest , ad infinitum -RRB- and some of the worst dialogue you 've ever heard : Norda
 I thought this movie based on the game was n't satisfying and left much to be desired . Even the most grizzled D & D vet will have a hard time sitting throught the mediocrity of this picture . The animated Dragons of Autumn Twilight was considerably better .
 I 'm going to make this review short for you who do n't want to read a long one
 I 'll admit it , I 'm a Dungeons and Dragons fan , so I went to see how one would turn a game into a movie . It was worse than I ever could have dreamed . Horrible plot and bad acting was just the beginnning . I found nothing interesting about the characters at all . If it had n't been for the Wayans brother -LRB- I ca n't keep them all straight -RRB- I would have walked out of the film . When he got killed I almost got up and left . The plot was cheesy and had no real depth . There were also some scenes that were direct Star Wars and Indiana Jones ripoffs . The bar scene near the beginning had an uncanny resemblance to the Mos Eisley cantina scene . Also , when the characters are with the elves in their big trees , can we say Ewok village ? And the foray into the so-called dungeon to get the Rod of Red Dragon Control could have fit perfectly into an Indiana Jones scene . The only redeeming quality was the landscapes from the air views and the comic relief from the wayans brother . Do n't waste your time or money . This movie is terrible .
 This ranks as the very first movie I ever had to stop watching about halfway through due to violent lack of interest . I love the fantasy genre , even some of the lesser B-films -LRB- `` Hawk the Slayer '' being a favorite -RRB- , and was long ago a D&D ; junkie , but this one could simply not hold my interest whatsoever . Boring , boring , boring ... I wanted to like it , but it was n't really gelling with my concept of what a D&D ; film would be like . Heck , the old D&D ; cartoon was better than this , and not as goofy.I 've always felt that it was some sort of rush job , because the LOTR films were being made at that time and someone wanted to beat Peter Jackson to the goal line by releasing a mainstream fantasy film . But it makes absolutely NO SENSE how New Line could release this goblin filth , then shortly thereafter release the epic to end all epics The Lord of the Rings .
 I really tried to watch this movie from beginning to end . For the fun of it . Really ! I tried ! It 's bad . Bad , bad , bad ! Not `` laughably bad '' or `` so bad it was good '' . It 's BAD ! It does n't even inspire Mystery Science Theater 3000 jokes at 3 a.m. after drinking to much Mountain Dew . Borrow it if you must , but do n't waste a free rental on this one .
 Amazon.com reviewer Reijo Piippula said -- `` Defintely better than ` Lord of the Rings ' ! `` Okay , I know EVERYONE is entitled to their own opinion , but I 'm just curious if this person 's head is screwed on correctly ? I mean where do I start with this film?The acting is either wooden and stilted -LRB- even by usually good actors Thora Birch -RRB- or extremely over the top -LRB- Jeremy Irons , but really that 's not necassarily bad -RRB- , The dialogue is horrible , the storyline of two theifs trying to get rich is tired and boring , the cliches of the theifs and nobles and mages , man is it really boring and yeah , and the special effects are pretty much horrible as well , especially considering that they take up a lot of the film.The thing is , is that this film is n't even bad in a good way , its just plain bad . Normally I 'm quite generous on stars , and actually I wanted to give 1 , but felt bad , so there ya go 2 . I guess this film is worth seeing if you want a few laughs , but in all honesty if you want some REAL fantasy , with some realy brains & emotions , go see the LoTR movies , even if you hate them , their still infinitely better then this garbage . :p * enjoy * God Bless ~ Amy
 On a whim , I decided to pop this movie into my DVD player to see if it was any good . I saw this movie several months before Lord of the Rings came out so I was hoping for a decent Fantasy Adventure movie . I was wrong . A very -LSB- bad -RSB- story , they should have developed a better villain , a better story and adventure . The action sequences was n't really that good . The people who made this movie based on a very popular geeky RPG did really bad writing the story and had a better design . Had they used the Dungeons and Dragons Forgotten Realms setting , it could have been a good movie . Not many diversity with the villains also . It could have been real intersting if the party fought against orcs , beholders and even dragons . There has n't been much emphasis on elves which could have made the story more intersting . The movie had some interesting twists but it is a really bad movie . If you really want to see a good fantasy adventure , see Lord of the Rings . It has a better story , better action , better characters and J.R.R. Tolkien is the man . Do n't even bother for this horrible movie .
 Oh the humanity ! This absolutely pungent movie is so bad , I would rather eat the CD than watch it again . When it came out 2 years ago I wanted to see it , but friends said , `` Wait , and rent it . '' ... BR > If you have ever played a role-playing game , you must have cried as you watched this ` movie ' miss the mark on every attempt at humor , action , or , god forbid , a plot . Thieves who scream like little girls ; teamwork in the style of the Three Stooges ; and a plot that plays out like a bad 6th grade school play . . I just ca n't believe that Gary Gygax became so desperate , that he stood on the set as an active participant -LSB- an actor -RSB- and let this travesty become his namesake .
 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen , a huge disappointment . What was Jeremy Irons doing ???
 Other than Jeremy Irons ' over-the-top performance as an evil wizard and some fairly elaborate sets , this absurd and unimaginative movie has absolutely nothing to recommend it . Look , people , I was n't expecting much when I settled into my seat to see a movie based on a role-playing game popular among pre-teens , but this sort of thing can , and often does , have a certain air-headed charm . But this flick is just painful -- lame dialogue , undistinguished acting , and one of those connect-the-dots storylines that just plod on and on . Kids deserve better than movies like this . Come to think of it , so do I.
 This is close to the worst movie ever . Even the nerds who played this game that I used to religiously persecute back in High School would hate it . Did the producers of this film have balckmail on Thora Birch and Jeremy Irons that forced them to do this ?
 Seroiusly . I 'm not one of those dice/roll playing guys that has adventures in his parents basement , aka Lord Sinister 's Crypt of Mayhem . Definately not one of those , but after years of people playing the games and hearing all about it when they accidentaly killed each other on the news ... . I expected this to be a pretty good movie . ESPECIALY considering the whole point of the game is to CREATE STORIES . And this movie had none . I ca n't possibly say more than that .
 The movie is so visually stimulating it is worth seeing . The costumes and characters were great . The story was ok and I even enjoyed it even thought the plot has said to have been weak . The fight scenes were short -LRB- except for the end -RRB- but well done . What I really was disappointed in was character development . There was some , but not near enough for a game so bent on role playing . The movie also fell so very short of each character class abilities . The move had so much potential to really be great but instead fell short on directional effort . I just wish I could have been a consultant for the game 's sake . It sold each character short of potential . The main character being a thief I was so excited and anticipated some cool things , but the thieves in this movie could not even climb a wall . Magnum PI could pick a lock better instead of using a ring of skeleton keys . The main character and sidekick fell could have been extremely colorful but instead became dull . I also got tired of seeing the mages cast the same spell over and over . Any one who has an interest to see should definitely go , but do n't expect much more then a great graphics , costumes , and effects . I was very disappointed in the lack of story and character effort but I will definitely buy the movie .
 Okay ... . calm down ... yeah , I understand you 're a D&D fan ... yes , I had a 15th level paladin too , yeah , I blew my entire highschool years playing D&D ... I was hardcore , I played ADVANCED D&D , so I can empathize , really I can . Hey , I 'm doing you a favor of trying to talk you out of buying this movie . Watching the movie 's not gon na take some of the images of monsters and magic users out of your head and put them onto the screen ... . It 's gon na make you feel like an idiot for having sat thru 90 minutes of this dreck . Heck , it 's probably gon na make you feel like an idiot for having played D&D in the first place . Yeah , it 's THAT bad ! No kobolds , no hook horrors , just a few red dragons that look more brown than red and the heroes are two -5 level thieves , and the villain is a -3 level fighter with blue lipstick . Yeah , you heard me right . BLUE LIPSTICK . So I tell you again , put that credit card down . Get out of your chair . Now , turn off your computer , go grab those 8 sided dice and do n't even think of calling Gary Gygax . He 's just as ... about the movie as you are and is sick of the phone calls from like minded recovering D&D ers needing emotional support .
 Wow , was this movie bad or what?This had to easily have been one of the worst movies ever made . It is so bad that words really can not describe it.From the miscasted actors , in which they all were , to the ridiculous costumes , which looked like they were thrown together in 5 seconds , this movie just makes you cringe from scene to scene.This movie should officially be made the new lump of ` coal ' that you get if youre naughty for Christmas .
 First of all , I only saw the movie when it showed on tv . And am I glad . It 's so cheesy and completely unoriginal that I thought it was an actual tv show that just got made and was trying to pass itself off as a good movie ... I almost cried when I found out it WAS a movie.Where to start . The acting . I cringe at the acting . The characters were completely stereotypical that it hurt , I did n't even bother to know their names . You take one look at the character and almost immediately you know what their purpose in the movie is . It 's true
 In December , 2000 , two friends talked me into seeing what is probably one of the worst films that I have ever paid to watch in a theater
 Bad all the way around . Jeremy Irons as the villian seems embarassed as he should be . They decided to let him keep his regular hair so he looks like a business man from Wall Street . The main character does n't seem to have a `` class '' as is normal in D&D . He is sort of of a warrior , rogue , or something else . It 's an embarassment . Actually if the title was `` Evil Red Dragons '' or something I could have taken it better but for the actual D&D name to be attached to a bomb like this is quite irritating . With the name brand they had they could have launched a film franchise instead of slapping it on a throw away piece of trash like this .
 Good Lord ! I had no idea a fantasy film could be this bad ... Usually your run-of-the-mill fantasy film is average at its worst , but now this film has lowered the bar all the way to hell ... First off , with a pedigree as established as D&D , you 'd think that someone involved with this project would have taken it at least a little seriously ... But Nooooo ... We get this pedantic pile of smarmy ... This could have been a great warm-up to the Lord Of The Rings trilogy if it had been done right ... But it was n't , of course ... I could write on and on about how awful it really was but I 'll just make it as quick as possible ... Marlon Wayans , who is usually talented , seems to have had one huge brain-fart throughout this whole movie , making terrible jokes and one-liners that are 100 % cringe-worthy . The villains were semi-cool , but not enough to save the film ; there is also an attempt at a stirring climax involving swarms of dragons battling amongst our heroes and villains , but its execution ends up more silly than exciting . So , the main problems with this mess are that no one involved wanted to even try to take the source material seriously and also , the script and acting are both horrendous and below z-grade quality . Avoid this one like the proverbial plague unless you have a death wish .
 Dungeons and Dragons is the most popular role playing game in history . A game that has attracted teenagers , college students , and hobbyists alike to enter a world of knights , wizards , and dragons . All the fun of being someone else with amazing powers , having amazing adventures , and doing amazing things . Imagine belonging to a world where anyone can be a hero.Now imagine the sheer the delight of finding out that this game will be made into a full length motion picture . The thrill of seeing all the fantastic images come to life . And the hope that others will see just what makes the game so special to so many.With such anticipation brewing , imagine the sheer horror of the avid fans when they see the finished product . A movie so poorly done , that not only does the movie flop , it embarrases all the gamers that ever spent time playing this game.That is the real travesty of this movie . That those that have played and enjoyed the game have been mortified in front of the world by a dreadful piece of garbage.One star is FAR to kind .
 There are just so many ways this movie stinks . Bought it for my kids who had not seen it in the theater . They hated it and so did I . If you feel you have to see it , rent it ! Some good special effects make up for some of the awful story line , there are a few likable characters but for the most part I would have rather been having root canal !
 Ok I ripped off the title from MST3K but that 's where this loser of a movie truly belongs . As a seven year veteren of the real Dungeons & Dragons game I came into this movie with high expectations . Even if I did n't have high expectations this movie scored well below them . The direction was horribly done and , as a reslult , the actors all look lost without a map . Marlon Waynes gives the worst performance of them all and brough back horrible flashbacks to Jar-Jar Blinks . * shudder * Irons -LRB- an Academy Award winner -RRB- and Birch -LRB- who had an amazing performance in American Beauty -RRB- are wasted and Mclellan and Whalin both have potential but Walin had to be a cliche and Mclellan 's needs some voice work -LRB- her screeching is second only to Waynes in annoyance -RRB- . What truly drives this movie into the ground more than the horrible acting , mediocre special effects , and Waynes shrieking is its miserable script . It reminds of me of short stories I used to write back when I was 12 years old . Cliched lines litter this piece of trash like abandoned beer cans and used joints do at at a Dave Matthews concert . I would suggest watching this only if you are a fan of D&D and then only to show how NOT to run an adventure and to see how anything great can be butchered by nameless morons in hollywood . Everyone else should best stay away
 Stupid , stupid , stupid . Did I mention that this movie was stupid ? If you are under 12 you will probably like this movie if not then forget it ! Without a doubt this was one of the worst movies ever made -LRB- you can add Krull and Hercules to the list too -RRB- . The acting -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- was horrible and overplayed like I 've never seen . The two main bad guys -LRB- Profion and blue lips -RRB- were way over dramatic with every sentence . It was horrible to watch and hear . The two main heroes -LRB- thief 1 and thief sidekick -RRB- were no better . Why did they have to act so silly the entire time , giggling and screaming like two little girls everytime they encountered problems . I was actually relieved when the sidekick thief got killed . The story made little sense and left many questions unanswered . Why did blue lips have blue lips ? Why did blue lips take the mage-girl back to some castle somewhere instead of to Profion ? If the princess was not going to surrender her scepter , then why did they need the ` rod of seville ' or whatever it was called ? And what was that crap at the end ? Where did they go ? Why ? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Well , this movie borrows heavily from many , but many other movies . This is the main problem with filmmakers that love so much other movies and grew up believing heavily on those movies that then in their movies they make the same thing , ok they like the movie , maybe one or two scenes with some diferences , but nope . Dungeons and Dragons takes whole action sequences from other movies , mostly the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies . A terrible script , cheap effects , bad directing , the acting . The only good parts where these two , Thora Birch looking a bit like Queen-Amidala and Jeremy Irons providing comedy in the way he gave his lines . The rest should n't even go to acting school because that will be a waste of time . Well this movie is terrible but the thing that makes me feel the worse is that this movie that resulted a Box Office failure is getting a royal DVD treatment , a treatment which many of our favorite movies are n't receiving , you know which they are .
 Well , folks , here it is - the movie we 've all been waiting for . The only problem is , it 's NOT the movie we 've been waiting for . There must be some sort of mistake.All right , we 're all big D&D fans , are n't we ? That is , anyone that sits through this whole thing had better be one , or you 'll probably need a ` remove paralysis ' spell cast on you at the end of it . Anyone familiar with the franchise will know that the true power of D&D lies in the imagination , the development of characters , and plot - in that order of importance . Well , I suppose there is some sort of a plot mixed away in the screenplay , but it looks like someone cast ` blur ' on that element of the film . Characterization ? I suppose there was a hint of a romance between the hero and heroine -LRB- kissing and such , but nothing naughty -RRB- , and yeah - there was the comic relief guy - who happened to be impaled and tossed off a wall much to the greater amusement of the audience . Other than that , your villains were obviously villains and your good guys were obviously good guys . Very black and white , plain , and childishly simple . Imagination ? Naah.So we have a lot of dragons , I suppose , especially at the end . Boy was the firebreath flying in that part . Oddly enough , the city is still quite a city when they 're done with their fireball frenzy . We should look up those architects for terror-proof buildings . The world is a completely new one , and no , that is n't a good thing . I have heard or read about a million suggestions that they redeem the D&D license on the silver screen by making a movie adaptation of Icewind Dale . I heartily agree . Not only did this new world lack the development of Faerun , but everything you did see in it seemed no different.Onward to the D&D aspects of it . If they had changed the title to something else , say - ` Attack of the Killer Fire-breathers , ' you probably would n't be able to tell it was D&D . Okay , so the guy tells the girl that she 's just a ` low level mage . ' Cute , but that 's where the game ends and the follies begin . There 's some magic here and there that 's recognizable - the mages chucking their fireballs at the end , and the dimension door that ` low level mage ' is somehow able to cast even though it 's a 4th level spell , which requires ... okay , enough of that . Poor Snails just gets buried , no ` raise dead ' or ` resurrection ' for him . Then again , who wanted him back?I found myself actually cheering for the bad guys , which was unfortunate because they were all idiots . At least they were less stupid than the heroes , though . You get the feeling they 're evil , but only when they feel like it . Obviously , they are n't aware of the experience penalty a change of alignment incurs on their character . As for the confrontations between the good and evil , they are so cliche it is painful . The hero just has to give up the thing-that-ends-the-world for the life of his girlfriend , but then * gasp * the evildoer double-crosses him ! He lied ! Son of a - ! My , my , it looks like we 're going to need a sword duel to settle this.So , here is the debut of Dungeons & Dragons , that pinnacle of role playing games , now in movie format . If you have n't played the game before - or a computerized version of it - please do NOT think it 's like the movie ! No , it 's really much better than that , because even the dumbest dungeon master in history could think up a more enjoyable adventure ! For those of you that start shoveling popcorn the moment a special effect plays , maybe you 'll get plenty of reconstituted butter sauce down on this one . Little kids , feel free to check it out , but unless your parents -LRB- heaven forbid -RRB- let you watch a PG-13 movie , you 're probably going to have to wait until you come of age , and then you probably wo n't enjoy the movie anymore on account of your newfound measure of maturity . For those above age five , view at your own risk . It 's a good thing I made my saving throw , or this thing would have polymorphed me into a poached egg .
 OK , first things first true believers - The Curmudgeon is NOT a D&D ; fan . I 've nothing against it or anything -LRB- I do n't think it 's nerdy or whatever -RRB- , it 's just never been my bag . But I was VERY excited when I saw this movie was being released . Why?Simple - the Dungeons and Dragons cartoon , which was by far the coolest cartoon of the 1980 's . It smoked He-Man , Thundercats and any other contender and became one of THE best experiences of childhood . So while a movie based on the board game would have been cool , I was secretly hoping for a movie based on the cartoon . Come on - Hank and his flaming bow and arrow ? Sarcastic Eric and his shield -LRB- you 'd think the Dungeon Master would have thrown a SWORD in there too ? -RRB- , Bobby the Barbarian . . and let 's not forget the uber bad-ass - Vengar himself . Let 's face it folks - done right , it would have been AWESOME.But we did n't get that - we got , well . . who knows ? The plot is so incoherent and amateurish it could have been based on a game of Hungry , Hungry Hippo 's . And whilst great acting is never the prime goal in these sorts of movies , special mention MUST go to the utter lack of any conviction the actors here have in their performances , coming across as just stepping out of a Snow White pantomime.And then there 's Jeremy Irons . Bit of a superb actor is our Jeremy , and I 'm sure he thought at first he had signed up to a classy fantasy movie , thinking perhaps of Sir Alec Guiness in Star Wars . Then he read the script and saw the talentless monkeys he was working with and went full out into giving the worst performance of his entire career , not so much saying his lines as yelling them and spitting at the camera in an attempt to hide his embarrassment . Easily the best thing of the movie.The producers obviously thought it was going to do well judging by its laughably hopeful ambiguous ending . Not a chance in hell , guys . You had your chance and you blew it with this dragon turd of a film.Stick with the boxset of the cartoon , and see how fantasy really SHOULD be presented.The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
 After a dark and ominous opening narration , we see a great mage 's chamber , almost completely taken up by the standard Giant Twirling Machine -LRB- a la `` Dark Crystal '' -RRB- . Cut to a wild-eyed Profion -LRB- Irons -RRB- , who paces toward the camera and STARES . But wait ! he 's just staring at the machinery behind us . Lightning sparks , and the wheels spins faster
 Movie Summary
 Like many fans of the D&D ; game , I looked forward to the D&D ; movie with eager anticipation . Would it be based on Forgotten Realms ? Dragonlance ? Spelljammer maybe ? But no , the movie was set in an original world , apparently unrelated to the published settings the gamers are most familar with . `` That 's not so bad '' I thought , `` A lot of original campaigns are very imaginative and compelling . '' Unfortunately , this movie was neither.The low points of this movie have been repeated again and again by other reviewers , but I echo them as valid . The characterization was abominable . Birch 's empress was screechy and pouty , hardly giving the impression of a strong ruler with revolutionary ideas . Irons ' villian was embarrassingly hammy . The dwarf is so poorly characterized he does n't even seem to have a name , he is simply known as `` the dwarf . '' The worst perfomance , however , was handed in by Wayans . His cowardly , incompetent `` comic relef '' harkened back to the African-American stereotypes featured in movies from the 30 's and 40 's . All he needed to say was `` yassa '' or `` feets do n't fail me now . '' to complete the picture.The worst thing about this movie , however , was how the writers gave a token nod to the game without capturing any of its depth or details . Fans of the game are supposed to recognize the beholder in one scene which is employed as a watchdog -LRB- and an incompetent one at that -RRB- . An audience member who would recognize a beholder , however , would also realize how ridiculous it is for one to occupy that role ! Likewise the dragons are basically an effect on the screen . We are given no hint that dragons posses personalities , intelligence or any sense of granduer . The movie basically treats them as flying war machines.I could go on and on about the movies ' difficiencies , including the sloppy editing and the plot which perfectly fails to draw the viewers in , but that would be belaboring the point . Suffice it to say that this movie is best forgotten , except by those who are convinced that D&D ; is a tool of Satan . I advise them to show their flocks this movie , as it gives the venerable hobby a very bad name .
 I would n't have bothered to write this if not for the fact that the only other reviews seemed to be positive . I still ca n't believe what I see . Folks , this movie is bad . I mean , not just `` gee , that was sub-par '' bad , but the kind of bad where I actually found myself , days after watching it , letting my mind wander and consistently coming back to `` WOW , that was a really , really bad movie ! `` Ok . Now that I 've begun to express my opinion , how ` bout some reasons : Effects
 I have to say this is pretty much the worst movie ever made -LRB- that is , if anyone can even know that -RRB- . Like many modern stories , it presents us not with some kind of moral quagmire to work through , but rather a power struggle in good Marxist tradition between the pampered aristocratic mages and the economically-oppressed , yet innocent common folk -LRB- after all , if there is no objective morality , everything reduces to power -RRB- . Instead of a hero character - a noble person with a flaw - we get the typical modern anti-hero who is by trade a robber who becomes plagued by accidental noble deeds for no reason . At his side is the token black guy -LRB- who is harmless of course , a la `` Webster '' -RRB- serving as comic relief and who 's jokes are actually the only redeeming part of the movie . They 're artificially teamed up with the token love-interest in the form of a mage librarian girl or something for no reason . The dynamic between the three is taken right out of an episode of Blossom where giggly teenagers are flirt-fighting , and the girl ends up taking her place as window dressing.They 're chased -LRB- again , the ` chase ' factor is a necessity in the modern power-struggle story ; WHY they 're chased is merely incidental -RRB- by a guy with - I am not making this up - purple lipstick on . Honestly though , I 'd be freaked out if some magical sword-wielding metrosexual was slowly walking after me . And I do mean SLOW . For some reason our culture thinks there 's some correlation between a guy 's ` coolness ' and the speed he moves . Well , imagine how goofy it looks when he 's leaving in the middle of a battle scene or ` chasing ' someone who 's running when he 's only moving about 100yards/hour . I wo n't even go into the snakes ? put into his head it was so bizarre.On the other side we have a 12-year old Empress -LRB- resembling an older version of the Empress from Neverending Story with putty on her face -RRB- who really ` feels from the depths of her being ' that all should be equal for no reason . I can hear Monty Python now
 I 'm a big fan of the role playing game called Dungeons and Dragons . However , this pile of dung masquerading as a movie bears no resemblance to the game . Do not waste your time watching this atrocity . This movie is just plain bad , bad , bad !
 When I went to see this in the theater I expected to see the worst movie I 'd ever seen.I did.If you are considering renting this or whatever just for a laugh , do n't bother . I am readily entertained by virtually all movies , but this one did n't work at all . There is no joy in this movie whatsoever . Well , the villain was pretty hilarious on occasion , but not frequently enough to make this anywhere near bearable.Beware .
 I saw this as a teenager and it made me sick . I tried to watch it again on cable TV as an adult and it STILL sucks !
 It has been many years since I watched this travesty of a film , but even after thousands of competitors , I still find Dungeons & Dragons to be the worst film I have seen . As a big fan of the D&D game -LRB- I grew up playing it for years -RRB- I had high hopes for the movie . A budget of 35 Million dollars at the time was quite a lot of money , and Jeremy Irons is one of my favorite actors -LRB- for Irons at his best , try the original Brideshead Revisited miniseries -RRB- . It gives me no pleasure to pan the film , or Irons ' performance in it , but there is just no other way ... they just were both * terrible * . With cheezy special effects , ridiculous dialogue and acting that is scary bad , you wind up with one big mess . My favorite line from Irons as Profion was `` I 'm looking for my stone ... I want my stone ! '' You can imagine with dialogue like * that , * the actors did not have a chance . Avoid at all cost .
 Despite the fact that I think this film rates lower than an otyugh 's stool -LRB- D&D ; nerd reference there -RRB- , I have seen it more times than I care to remember . I saw it once on a date at the cinema -LRB- she liked it -RRB- , and a couple of times on video/dvd when I was trying to show just how horrible it was to friends . It is a film that gets worse with every viewing . There is always something new to be appalled by every time you watch it.Do not own this movie , it will infect other movies you own with its badness . Even milk will go off in close proximity to this drek . If -LRB- like me -RRB- you are a completist and have to see it `` just to see what they did '' , borrow it or hire it -LRB- but then complain that the disc would n't play on your machine so that you can exchange it for something else -RRB- . This movie commits the cardinal sin of being boring . It has a clunky script , questionable costume choices and as an adaptation of D&D ; , unforgivable . I know nothing about how to light a movie set , so when I notice that a scene has no atmosphere , there 's something wrong.The cast could or might be OK in other circumstances , but with rubbish lines and a bad director , are left to flounder . I do n't think I 've seen Thora Birch since . Jeremy Irons , rather than flounder , clearly went insane for the duration of this shoot . His performance is , ahhh ... colourful . Olivier 's Richard the Third on crack ? X 1000 ? The extras of this give a fairly good picture of why this film stinks . Yes , I watched them . The director 's mummy bought him the director 's chair , and he clearly should n't be trusted with sharp objects , let alone Jeremy Irons . Although the director professes a love of D&D ; , he clearly was never a dungeon master or ever read a fantasy book . And therein lies the problem with basing a film on D&D ; the game is based on any number of sources and worlds , so what do you choose?And where were the monsters ? D&D ; if its about anything , is about the monsters ! OK we had some 2nd drawer CGI dragons -LRB- they 're a given -RRB- , and a beholder very shyly ran across screen in one scene , but what about the rest ?! Where were the gnolls , bugbears , gelatinous cubes -LRB- OK , they are silly -RRB- , etc?See Lord of the Rings . Even see Uwe Boll 's In the Name of the King . It 's better than this unflushable horror .
 This is a bad movie . I will make no attempt to deny it . However I think that this is mostly due to one thing . Bad acting . Sure it borrows a lot from ` Star Wars ' and ` Raiders of the lost ark ' , but that does n't really matter , because those movies borrowed a lot from old serials , errol flynn movies and the like . If the performances had been better we could all sit back and have a fun ride . But for some reason Courtney Solomon has no comprehension of what a good perfomance looks or sounds like.The DVD has some great extras . The documentaries a commentary tracks all go along as though the film were good , which has sort of a bittersweet quality since we know it did n't turn out that way . If you can find a used copy of the DVD for a low price you might want to buy it for this reason alone.And , I must confess , this movie is sort of a guilty pleasure of mine . It 's bad , but it 's probably the most enjoyable bad movie I 've seen since ` Plan 9 From Outer Space ' . And strangely enough ... I want to see the sequel . For this reason and the DVD extras , I grant this DVD a second star .
 It 's quite incredible these people at Hollywood are still making this I-have-nothing-on-my-brain movies , since the story of this one it 's quite unbelieavably empty and full of mistakes.Imagine this
 I am proud to say that I play the RPG Dungeons and Dragons . When this movie was in production all the people I played D&D with were so excited about the movie . I even sorta dressed up when I went to see it the 1st -LRB- and last -RRB- time . This movie is a complete flop . The acting is poor and corny and the plot is lacking . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because of the special effects and scenery . No offence to the producers who obviously attempted to make a movie out of the great RPG classic , but I 've played campaigns with a better plot . Lot of things in the movie are n't explained -LRB- i.e. the whole mission given to them when they were teleported in the map -RRB- and it was obviously made for a sequel , but I do n't know how they are going to do that with the low box office sales of this one . Another downfall is that it has very little to do with the RPG , with the exceptions of the small camemo of a beholder , a hold-person spell -LRB- although it 's done with a rope -RRB- , and the occasional joke or comment about the classes of characters from the RPG -LRB- i.e. mage , theif , dwarf , elf , fighter , etc. -RRB- . Please if you have an interest in this , DON `` T WATCH THE MOVIE , PLAY THE RPG !!! Maybe someone will get a crtical hit on the producers .
 My brother saw this movie in the theater with high hopes , seeing that he 's a fan of the Dungeons and Dragons game , but came home disappointed . I just rented it yesterday-seeing that I had a free rental coupon - and saw it that night . From the very start you could tell that this movie is going to be-what 's the word ? - corny . They could of made it better if they improved on the acting and it could have been better if they lost the cheesiness of the movie and possibly loose the jokes/humor and instead made it serious . On the other hand , the scenery was good but I thought they could 've shown more of it . Unlike many of the viewers I am not familiar with the Dungeons and Dragons game , but I did hear someone say that the way they potrayed it was all wrong and is really a serious game rather than the childish -LRB- ? -RRB- humor of Snails ect . in the movie . In fact I did n't even know their was going to be a sequel until the end . I wonder how that will do ? Maybe they are working to improve it ?? But anyways , for those of you who did like the movie I do reccommend purchasing the DVD for the special features including deleted scences and an alternative ending .
 CONSENSUS of the 1st Dungeon & Dragons Movie : Critics say this movie has a cheap look and is badly directed . Despite the presence of talented actors , the performances are really bad , and additionally , some people are offended at Marlon Wayans ' character , calling it a racist throwback to black stereotypes . < http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/Dun...052/numbers.php > Here is a link for the proposed new D&D ; movie from Variety Magazine < http://www.icv2.com/articles/news/2791.html > With the release of Lord Of The Rings , we -LRB- D&D ; Fans -RRB- were FINALLY able to come out of the closet . It is a glowing moment for us after years of ridicule from co-workers ... family ... . peers ... . etc from the age of 12 . The Dungeon & Dragon 's movie released in 2000 only ADDED to that pain ! It 's racist character as pointed out in the link did not help matters.After watching LOTR with people unfamiliar with Wizards of The Coast products , I was able to broach the topic and get some of my friends interested in playing the D&D ; game.Now we are going to be LAUGHED at ONCE AGAIN with ANOTHER WRETCHED D&D ; movie ... somebody has got stop this movie from using the D&D ; name ... In case anyone has forgotten the revenue the 1st movie pulled in ... here is a link . . < http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/Dun...052/numbers.php > Pathetic ... . shocked it even made that much . The ONLY amusement it has given us as fans is it 's RIDICULE factor ... . and even that pales after a minute or so . I 'm baffled that a sequel is being made .
 My only question is
 This movie is nothing more than an almost unbeliavable ammount of damage made to the reputation of Role Playing Game . But it not comes as as surpise to me all , since I found out that Marlon Wayans would be `` starring '' it ... Hou , in the name of Earth , could Jeremey Irons accept to work in this turkey ? This is not only one of the worst epic movies ever , it is one of the worst movies , period !! Made without care , the costumes are a joke , well , I 'm out of word . Since I 'm an AD&D player , I really felt outraged after watching this piece of sh ... ! The game did n't deserve it , the players did n't deserve it , the public didn ` dt deserve it .
 I started playing Dungeons & Dragons back in the early 80 's . I have since graduated to what I consider more mature RPGs since then . Howeverer , I always thought it would be cool to do a movie based on the game . When I heard this was finally going to happen , I figured the writers would draw on the rich background of one of the games worlds , such as Dragonlance , Forgotten Realms , or Greyhawk , one of the places that truly has the flavor of the game.Instead , we get some generic , unmemorable fantasy land populated by two dimensional characters spitting out bad dialogue in cheap costumes with second rate special effects . It 's like somebody who had a bad idea of what the game is all about wrote this movie , and not a true enthusiast . Indeed , one must wonder if this movie had anything other than Dungeons & Dragons for a title if it would ever have made it to the screen . I ca n't say enough bad about this . I was truly disappointed , and almost fell asleep watching it . My 12 year old daughter enjoyed it , and maybe I would have to at that age . To me , watching this movie was like playing with a gaming group that I did n't like or that did n't have a real grasp of what the game was about . With so much wonderful material to draw on for such a film , I ca n't imagine what the director , producer and everybody else involved in the creative process was thinking . It 's just one more thing to make all us hardcore gamers look like dorks . Maybe one day Hollywood will make us a really good fantasy movie , but until then , we are stuck with the likes of this and other equally deplorable fare such as the Conan movies and other less memorable films .
 I ca n't believe this movie received an average of 3 in the reviews!The acting is horrible . The special effects were good.If I had paid to see this movie in a theatre , I would have walked out before it ended.Never before have I been tempted to do this .
 The movie was absolute garbage - THAT is a fact . The much-maligned Marlon Wayans was certainly not the worst actor in the film -- that honor is shared by Justin Whalin , Jeremy Irons and Thora Birch , the latter two looking very much like they stepped on to the wrong set one day and got stuck playing in this turkey . The effects are intrusive and cheap-looking . The makeup -LRB- especially the blue lipstick on the menacing henchman and the orange beard on the `` Drawf '' -RRB- is horrible . And the story is , at best , boring . What is good about it ? Not much . Zoe McLellan does a fair job as Marina and Tom Baker is fine as the Elven Elder.The DVD is an excellent product . The supplemental materials are fantastic and there is a pretty good selection of deleted scenes that make you think the director was n't so incompetent after all for cutting them . The biggest burr in the saddle is the two audio commentaries . The first with the director , Courtney Solomon and lead actor Justin Whalin is horrible . All they do is giggle like loons who seem to be getting a joke that no one else does . The second with the cinematographer instead of the lead actor is n't much better and tends to be a little dry . All in all the movie is a painful dud -- from a Movie fan and D&D player.Instead of making this boring tale as a Dungeons & Dragons film , they should have tapped into the many worlds TSR already has . Dragonlance or Forgotten Realms offer many opportunities for an excellent story.Instead we get this tiresome exercise and an embarrassment to fans of the Role-Playing game that spawned it .
 It 's hard to believe this is from New Line , the same studio that brought the sensual , incredible Lord of the Rings to tbe big screen . It lacks everything that LOTR has-believeable , sympathetic characters , passionate romance , menacing villains , and stirring battles . It 's hard to tell if `` Dungeons and Dragons '' were made as a parody , or if it were -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- taking itself seriously.Thora Birch is Savina , the drag queen-imitating Queen of Izmer . She wants everybody to be equal-magical and non-magical people alike . She 's like Dumbledore , in a way . The evil archmage Profion , a dastardly hammy Jeremy Irons -LRB- and the sole actor who seems to be having a rip-roaring fun time -RRB- takes away her royal scepter . He wants raw power . Of course , he believes magical people are superior to non-magical ones . He 's like Dumbledore 's boyfriend , Grindelward , in a way . Savina needs the Rod of Savrille to conqueror the bad guys & rule ; over the red dragons . Who will come to the rescue ? Two `` loveable '' `` comedy relief '' bandits , Ridley and Snails . The haplessly named Snails is a stereotypical Uncle Tom character . Ridley and Snails get in a bar fight , romance a dowdy librarian , encounter villains ... including Profion 's right hand man , Blue Lips . In the end , Ridley is `` The Chosen One . '' Snails sacrifices his life for equality , and Ridley is healed by Dr.Who , Tom Baker , in a lackluster Lothlorien lookalike . There 's a cheesy battle at the end as well . Snails ' friends dissolve into sand , or bubbles , or glitter -LRB- from the flop Mariah Carey movie of the same yr ? -RRB- , or Colombian White Lady ... huh?This could 've been a FUN , cheesy movie like `` Krull '' , which had some creative ideas and energy . Instead , it 's a drag . Like any heroic Quest , the viewer looongs for The End .
 It 's a cliche to say any particular movie is the worst ever made . I 'm sure worse films have actually been produced . I just cant think of them right now even after sitting here and trying for about 5 minutes . To put it in perspective , the recent made for Sci Fi Channel movie `` Mansquito '' was a masterpiece compared to Dungeons and Dragons the movie.Apparently some crackpot nobody guy wrote the screenplay and even directed this travesty of a film and was as much a genius at self-salesmanship as he an utter incompetent at filmcraft . The blunders inherent here range from the systemic to the minutely technical . In this one sense , at least , the film is consistent . The casting is awful , the acting atrocious , the writing is phenomenally bad . The sets and costumes rest uneasily in that wretched zone between camp and simply inept.And then there is the plot . Of course , the scale of the drama is truly grand , the writers were not afraid to embrace the tired cliche of every bad fantasy novel , of the unlikely band of heroes tasked to save the Universe and face the ULTIMATE MENACE . Yet the plot frequently stumbles down even this well worn path , as each scene seems more jarringly unlikely and hackneyed than the one before it , to the point that one quickly loses any sense that there is a plot at all.By contrast , even basic Dungeon-crawls can actually make for pretty interesting and dramatic stories . In fact , I think this is where a lot of D&D ; fans were really let down . Even if only due to the random element introduced by the dice , the twists and turns of a reasonably good rpg session can be far more nuanced and interesting than your typical fantasy movie or TV series.I think most people who have played an RPG at one time or another have thought of this , perhaps leading to the greatest hope that was dashed by this incredibly bad film
 This movie has no redeeming value at all . The acting was really terrible , especially coming from people who won oscars . The script does n't make any sense . I also have never seen such terrible special effects ! You get to see the fakest looking fantasy city ever . Do yourself a favor and watch the cinematics in the awesome PC game , Diablo 2 . They totally kick this movie 's arse and THAT is a fact .
 This movie did not live up to even my lowest expectations . The characters were lifeless , the plot lost my interest immediately , the computer graphics were so terrible and obviously fake that it ruined any scene where they were used , and the acting was HORRIBLE -LRB- Oh my God , I mean horrible does n't even begin to describe it -RRB- . Even Jeremy Irons overdid it with the soap opera drama that teetered on the comedic . The movie centerpiece `` rod '' looked like a toy picked up at at a local K-Mart complete with a flashing light -LRB- and probably even pulsating sound too -RRB- . I am so mortified that I came so close to buying it without renting it first . The only redeeming qualities were the costumes , the score , and the reason behind why it was made ... . to capture the fantastic worlds created by the game Dungeons and Dragons .
 And I thought Legend was a bad fantasy movie . I though things could n't get worse then Kull the Conqueror . I was wrong . Well , maybe D&D is n't as bad as Legend . But what really makes it reek is the producer had the rights and was assumedly developing the story for TEN YEARS , and this spasm inducing excuse for a movie is the result . Let us note that I am not biased at all towards D&D ; to the contrary , I rather enjoy role playing . But nothing could make me enjoy this . In one word , the single most painful experience in the entire movie is the script . It is bad . You could release it in Arabic and have Saddam Hussein begging for mercy in twenty minutes . Example
 This was without a doubt the worst attempt at making a film I have ever in my life witnessed .
 Ok , let me begin -LRB- by the way , sorry for my english , Im latin guy -RRB-
 I was highly mortified by the extremely horrifying display on my television set . If only i could go back in time and tell the 2 hour ago me not to watch this terrible excuse for a movie . While I was watching it I was thinking this movie 's extremely bad , at least that funny black guys in it though . Then half way threw the movie funny black guy died , as did my thoughts of the movie being just extremely bad , it was more like terribly retched .
 I used to play D&D when I was younger . I loved it . I dreamed of the day that they would make a D&D film . Imagine my disappointment when this load of garbage came out . I was stunned . Why would they make such an obviously rotten , stupid film like this ? Why ? They had so much material with which to work.Just look back at all the incredible scenarios that the makers of D&D put out over the years . Utterly brilliant stuff . So why did n't they just adapt one or more of these scenarios ? Why ? They totally blew a great opportunity . This film could have been as good if not better than `` Lord of the Rings '' if they had the right storyline.I weep for D&D .
 Having played Dungeons and Dragons for 20 years , I have to say that this is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . The only entertainment value is laughing at just how badly it was put together . Do n't wast your money ... a much better movie will be Lord of the Rings this winter .
 As a 20 year player of Dungeons and Dragons , I have to say that this movie is one of the worst ones I 've seen in my entire life . The only entertainment value in it is laughing at just how bad the acting , dialogue , and story is . ... wait for Lord of the Rings to come out this winter .
 The title of this review should actually have read `` Something in addition to good acting , a plot and some less-annoying special effects is missing in this movie '' , but that would have been too long . What 's really missing in this party of retards , which brings shame to the entire D&D franchise , is a high-level cleric that could have ended this unbelievably bad `` work of art '' with a `` Slay living '' spell 5 minutes into the movie . $ $ 35 million for this piece of crap ? What a waste . If it 's true that sequels are planned , I hope the producers take a look at the reviews on this page and do n't go -LSB- throwing -RSB- away more `` hard-earned '' money.But you guys in the US were lucky
 Thank god I never purchased this wretched movie . I turned it off after 15-20 minutes . My friend warned me but I insisted on wasting 20 minutes of my time the other night giving this movie a chance . Well my friend said I could keep it and use it for `` kindling '' in my new fireplace . He said he would have thrown it out but didnt think the movie was worth the effort in disposing of it in the trash ... the movie would have been responsible in wasting yet another 15-20 seconds of his time.I want to make sure this piece of % @ & * is destroyed so I do not curse anyone else from stumbling across it . Hopefully it will not smoke too much as it burns . I would have been FURIOUS if I had paid $ 8.50 to see this at the movies . As a fan of the D&D franchise ... I just have to reflect ... what the * & % $ were the people at TSR/Wizards thinking?The one thing that BAFFLES me even more is that there are rumours of a sequel ?!? I 'm not sure if it 's possible to make a movie worse than this one but give this director his honest chance in further destroying and ridiculing the D&D franchise .
 Not good . Not close to good . It 's like a bad high school play . My son enjoyed all but the monsters-in-the-ears so it has some value ... just not much .
 This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen and I do n't mean that in a good way.See , some movies , like `` Hobgoblins , '' `` Crab Men from Sirius Six '' and much of the Godzilla series , are absolutely terrible , but it is n't a problem . They know they 're bad , so they just busy themselves with making an interesting plot or maybe just some campy acting.D & D thinks it 's good . It 's overacted , poorly plotted , looks terrible and just does n't have a single redeeming scene .
 I am a long time D&D fan , and I would have to say that this is quite possibly , the worst movie ever made . Total garbage acting and a cast that doesnt even come close to fitting in . A good title would of been `` Boyz in the Dungeon '' , with Marlan Wayans flapping his stupid mouth the whole time . The only emotion I felt during the whole movie was Happiness , and that happened in 2 places , when Marlan Wayans dies and when the movie ended . . its just a shame they both didnt happen ALOT sooner ! .
 Perhaps I should mention that I collect B-movies , those really bad sci-fi flicks from the 50 's that are only still around because they 're so bad they 're funny . This movie is truly horrible . Of course I bought it on VHS.There is n't a single element of this movie that is in any way interesting , creative , or good . Remember Indiana Jones , when he makes his way through dangerous mazes to get the item of the day ? That 's here . Remember the bar scene in Star Wars ? That 's here . Remember that story you wrote in the fourth grade that starred you and your friends fighting monsters on another planet ? That 's probably better than this . The hero , his token black guy sidekick , a random attractive female , a dwarf , and an elf go off in search of ... well , that 's never made quite clear . That 's ironic , considering the fact that bland exposition seems to be the writer 's forte . The plot -LRB- what little there is of it -RRB- involves dragons , a political power struggle , and a cute little empress who thinks that discrimination is a bummer . The villain is evil because he shouts and bulges his eyes a lot and even does that annoying slow-clapping-thing . He really has no motivation ; all he has to do is push the empress off of one of the balconies of the CGI castle and claim the throne . Instead he calls on dragons ... or something ... and sends a guy with blue lipstick after the hero and his gang . The dialogue sounds like the writer took the scripts of several summer action movies , cut them up , and glued them back together , adding a bit of fantasy mumbo-jumbo and unpronouncable names here and there . Classic lines such as `` I would n't do that if I were you , '' `` You should n't have done that , '' `` At last ! , '' and , when the token black guy dies , `` Nooooo ! , '' are lurking at every turn . So is over-acting . Even the extras act as if walking down the street is the most important event of their lives.I could go on . But I 'll spare you . Spare yourselves . Do n't watch this horrible movie unless , like me , you are greatly amused by horrible movies .
 The movie is disappointing in all aspects . For those out there who follow the D&D universe this movie is a total let-down . I would even say that the only thing in common between AD&D and this movie is its title . The way I see it it 's not worth renting , let alone purchasing .
 Before I saw it in theatres I was very excited , however when the movie ended , I was miffed at how cheesy the whole movie was.It started out good
 there are worse movies , but only because they ar n't quite bad enough to laugh at . this one will make you laugh hard . and since we 've already estabished just how horrid this movie is , i 'm going to go the other direction and just tell you why the movie is so funny , you might just want to watch it . -LRB- only if you 've played D&D ; and are planning on getting wasted , of course . -RRB- basically it comes down to the actors and their characters . the two main characters are n't really bad actors , and the leading lady is pretty cute . but then you 've got a surly dwarf who never does anything , an elf who looks like hally berry strung out on crack -LRB- i 'm guessing after she sighned on for the film and found out just what she had gotten herself into , they had to pry her bottle of wild turkey out of her hands every take . -RRB- a princess who is apperantly the skipper to queen amildala 's barbie , and the roast of the toast , the bad guys . there are three of them , two main ones , and a side one , and i 'm convinced they had a contest to see who could over act the most . a contest which acadamy award winner jeremy irons won hands down . the side villain was very entertaining . i do n't know who played him but he looked like patrick stewart with scurvey . he was funny though . then you have damadar . imagine darth vader if he was trapped for several weeks in the rocky horror picture show . vader goes in , damadar comes out . and then there 's irons . the archmage with turrets syndrome . you know , it 's almost enough to make me want to watch it again , but i just do n't think i can get that drunk ...
 There is nothing I can say about this movie that has n't already been said.Yes it was a disgrace , yet I 've seen worse.It had promise yet left me wanting.I could guess what was going happen most of the time . Also most of the acting was alittle to much , as if they were trying to cover up something , yet that only made it all the more abovious.I have never played or read D&D , but this movie did have good parts -LRB- sorta -RRB- . Just not many.Also Am I the only one that noticed we do n't see what happens in the scroll.It 's driving me nuts.And ofcourse when they come back out the look at eachother as if they 'd made out or something.You can see it if you want , for it is n't to bad , but also not the greatest .
 I 'm not a RPG player . I 'm judging this movie only because I 'm a fan of epic , medieval and adventure movies , like LADYHAWE and BRAVEHEART , for example . So , I went to see this movie with the highest expectations , since I knew it was going to be based on the most famous RPG of them all . Guys , what a dissapointment , what a shock !! Third-rate acting , lousy costumes , cheap special effects . Sometimes , you even succumb to the temptation that this is a fun movie , so bad it is . One that will probably go `` cult '' with the passing of time . On the other hand , you simply think that this is another throwaway product made by Hollywood , aiming coldly at the innocent viewers who will pay for tickets to see an adptation from their beloved game . This is not fair game , gentlemen . As for Marlon Wayans , forget about him ...
 I am a die-hard fantasy fan , and while I enjoyed this somewhat , I was also able to find a number of mistakes in it . First , the good stuff . Justin Whalin and Marlon Wayans displayed relatively good acting -LRB- at least they were cast in the right parts -RRB- . The dragons were fun to watch . And the costumes were good . The downsides are that the plot was undeveloped . The characters could have been better . With the exception of a few parts , the dialogue was really bad , and as a budding writer myself , I know what I 'm saying . And Thora Birch . She looks her part , but after I listen to her say her lines -LRB- or speeches -RRB- , I begin to think that she must talk very quickly in real life and the director was trying to get her to slow down and inunciate . She was too obviously trying to speak clearer than normal , when in my mind an actor really should strive to at least sound like themself , unless they are faking an accent . Also , when she was n't yelling at the pace of a snail , she was talking quietly but sounding like she was whining . I like her work in other films , but there are better suited actresses for her part . Two and a half stars for this film . Rent before buying.Might be a disappointment for die hard fantasy fans , but not for die hard dragon fans :-RRB- Oh one more thing
 I am a die-hard fantasy fan , and while I enjoyed this somewhat , I was also able to find a number of mistakes in it . First , the good stuff . Justin Whalin and Marlon Wayans displayed relatively good acting -LRB- at least they were cast in the right parts -RRB- . The dragons were fun to watch . And the costumes were good . The downsides are that the plot was undeveloped . The characters could have been better . With the exception of a few parts , the dialogue was really bad , and as a budding writer myself , I know what I 'm saying . And Thora Birch . She looks her part , but after I listen to her say her lines -LRB- or speeches -RRB- , I begin to think that she must talk very quickly in real life and the director was trying to get her to slow down and inunciate . She was too obviously trying to speak clearer than normal , when in my mind an actor really should strive to at least sound like themself , unless they are faking an accent . Also , when she was n't yelling at the pace of a snail , she was talking quietly but sounding like she was whining . I like her work in other films , but there are better suited actresses for her part . Two and a half stars for this film . Rent before buying.Might be a disappointment for die hard fantasy fans , but not for die hard dragon fans : -RRB-
 While abysmal scripting , and bland direction make this a low grade `` Evil Overlord '' flick that lamely tries to copy better examples of the genre -LRB- like Star Wars and Flash Gordon , -RRB- the film has enough good points to merit a view . Those include some really nifty fantasy costume & production designs , pretty animated effects , good fight choreography , a decent musical score , and a wonderful comedy/drama turn by Bruce Payne -LRB- in blue lipstick ? -RRB- as the Evil Overlord 's chief minion , Damodar . The DVD version has LOTS of amusing extras , and it 's clearer , letterboxed image helps to make the film 's chief attraction , its visuals , shine .
 I could 've sworn I was watching an hour or so of out-takes or audition tapes . Well , if this is a movie , IT 'S TERRIBLE ! Do NOT soil your expensive Hi-Fi TV 's with this big pile of Marlon Wayans infected ... ! The acting is downright atrocious ... even Jeremy Irons gets a sigh of disgust from me . The special effects were FAR from believable , equivalent to a cut out from a cereal box being slid across the screen ! The plot was a bore , everything was predictable ... with traces from everyother movie in the fantasy genre ... including cheesy ripoffs from Star Wars ... do n't believe me ? Watch it , at your own risk ! Personally , I 'd rather watch Wing Commander -LRB- Yuck ! -RRB- 6 times back to back than watch this pathetic attempt to profit from the big screen using a popular name.Do what I did ... endure to the end of the movie and start taking names of who 's responsible for this waste of time ... action should be taken !
 `` Hey , let 's spend all the money on 2nd rate sfx '' - `` cool '' `` Uh , what about actors '' `` Hmm . Get some third raters . Pay 'em scale . So what if they ca n't act . '' `` What about a soundtrack ? '' `` We can only afford six notes . Use 'em over and over . `` That 's how I envision the production meeting . This movie was actually painful to watch . The soundtrack was the WORST I have ever heard . It was - literally - the same 2,4 , or 6 notes played over . And over . And over . And over again . God . It was the first time I wished the DVD had a `` no music '' option !!! Thankfully the * mute * button was at hand.The acting . What acting ? These were acting school dropouts . Make that actor wanna-bees that were expelled . Plot ? `` Who needs it '' - that 's what the producers thought . It was eye candy , and sour eye candy at that.Bottom line . It was the WORST fantasy movie I have ever seen . If there were negative stars , it would get all -5 . Save your money . Get a dental cleaning - it 's less painful .
 This film was disapointing on so many levels , the major flaw would have to be the poor acting , which was below par for a daily soap , to add to this shame seasoned actors like jeremy irons acted the worst delivering over dramatic lines that come off sappy . The only positive light I can put this film in is that of a mindless summer action movie , of course with it being D&D and all this , too is sad . Speaking of D&D , did the people that made this movie look at a rulebook ? I think not , blatant problems like a young apprentice mage being able to do high level spells and a main character that changes classes atleast 3 times during the movie must have been overlooked.Basically
 Yes I am a geek who has played the D&D game for over 20 years.This movie was just stupid . The plot was lame , the villians lacking , and the characters were horrible . Why did all the action center around the main character ? In a D&D game , all the players contribute to the success of the adventure . Over the years there have been great stories and novels , why come up with a movie that adds up to a young teens adventure ! The dragons were n't dragons as D&D goes , they were dumb beasts . And what 's up with the warrior wearing the pink lipstick ? And what the heck was stuffed into his head ? The writers should n't be allowed to write again , ever ! The director should n't be allowed back onto any set again ! And as far as movies go the acting was bad , the story was horrible , and all I would like would be the hour and half of my life back .
 I did not like this movie one bit . Actors are unconvincing , the storyline is extremely banal , bad costumes -LSB- you can tell they 're made for a movie , not a single ounce of realism -RSB- . It was n't worth the $ 5 I spent on it . There is loads of better fantasy movies out there , you 're probably better of not wasting your time with this one .
 Most of us seem to agree
 Horrible ! I 've been in therapy since seeing it ;--RRB- . I thought this looked like a cool picture with the trailer , but the trailer is the only thing good about it .
 If you watch the outtakes included in the DVD , at one point you can visibly see Jeremy Irons look completely disgusted with himself for agreeing to sign on to this film . That just about says it all .
 Terrible simply terrible !
 This movie is just horrible . Suffice it to say that the movie is a waste of time . I just wanted to point out the lack of any clerics in the movie . Even healing was done by some old elf using ` natural elven magic ' . Also note the reference to `` God '' and `` praying '' -LRB- in most D&D campaigns a player would have to specify which god and hope they picked the right one -RRB- . It seems like the studios were uptight about the polytheistic aspect of D&D , and eliminated one of the core player classes . Ya right . Lets just hope they dont to to Lord of the Rings what they did to this movie .
 This movie is simply put , one of the worst I 've ever seen . Irons , an otherwise good actor , is an overactor in this film . Thora Birch , who gave a great performance in American Beauty , is slow , almost as if she was reading while acting . Actually , everyone thought that Wayans was going to be in his worst , most unbearable performance of his life -LRB- aside from Scary Movie -RRB- , was the best one in this movie . He was funny , and somehow was the one that made this movie bearable until he dies later in the movie -LSB- sorry for the spoiler , but anyway , you 're better off watching this film when it gets to TV -RSB- . Zoe McLellan , a beautiful actress , does n't really shine in this movie -LRB- could 've been given a better script -RRB- . The acting in the movie is so bad that when Wayans dies , my friends and I all laughed after the ridiculous reaction from the movie 's hero.As for the story itself , it has a good main plot , telling the story of good vs evil in a way only fantasy movies can . People who have played the games before -LRB- I have played only the computer versions -RRB- will recognize various elements in the movie , from spells , monsters , and people to items and dragons . Those who complain about the movie not being accurate to the game should remember that if it had been so faithful to the game , they may have had ended up with a Super Mario Bros. movie or a Street Fighter.To summarize , please , do not buy this movie . For the morbidly curious , or if you do n't care that much about acting , rent it . Otherwise , wait for it to come to TV . Or maybe Hollywood will get it right next time -LRB- if there 's one -RRB- ...
 As a child i was a huge fan of the D&D cartoon series it simply rocked ! It was different and had enough fantasy creatures to make your head spin so when i heard they were making a movie i couldnt wait ! I went to the cinema and my hopes were simply shattered this is a awful awful and one more time for the hard core fans AWFUL movie ! What were they thinking they must have payed a small fortune to use the logo and name of such a populaur name as D&D and then they kill it ! Seriously unless for humour dont waste your time on this flick it was beyond dissapointing and shows how fantasy can go horribly wrong if it 's well thought out !
 Gim me a break . Rolling up characters for an actual D&D game would be a better use of time . The acting deserves an award , the kind given to the most promising high-school thespian in a small town . Lines are repeated and expressions are worn , but it 's not enough.Fortunately , this is an action flick . Acting is secondary . There are enough melee scenes for any pubescent lad to get his testosterone blazing . Plenty of choreographed fight scenes & clever effects . Stop action animation is better than we saw in 50 's B movies . But , an important point was overlooked -- everything in the movie is new . Clothes are clean , just off the costumers ' sewing machines.Let 's not forget the villain , Profien . Not at all convincing , more of a geek . Banal , not convincingly evil . This , then , is perhaps the most real part of the movie . True evil rarely wears horns & carries a pitchfork . On the other hand , if you see a bald guy with blue lips & an attitude ... Run!I would n't let a child less than 8 or 9 watch this movie , and nobody that young without an adult in the room . There are some intense scenes which a younger child could find disturbing . Unfortunately , most people old enough not to be disturbed will be old enough to be bored.Pretty much a two star movie all around . Personally , I wonder if somebody did n't use their DM notes as the basis for this script . -LRB- Your comments on this review are appreciated -- click on the `` about me '' link above & drop me some email . Thanks ! -RRB-
 a black skinned elf ? and she is supposed to be a surface elf too , not a drow ... gosh this movie sucked so much ! some parts were so silly and irrelevant with the actual thing that I felt like crying . do n't bother with this movie . ever .
 This is easily one of the worst movies ever made . Unlike `` Battlefield Earth , '' which was just bad , `` Dungeons and Dragons '' is hilariously bad . Best watched in the presence of friends or family members who can appreciate terrible movies , this will have you rolling in laughter.Nearly every scene in the movie is shamelessly ripped off from better movies such as the `` Star Wars '' and `` Indiana Jones '' series . Surprisingly , the pre-release buzz for this movie was quite good , but the inept directing and terrible acting destroyed any hope this movie may have had . It 's not like the cast does n't have talent . Justin Whalin is an Emmy winner , and Jeremy Irons is an Oscar winner . Ironically , those two end up chewing most of the scenery with their way-over-the-top acting -LRB- especially Irons -RRB- , but Marlon Wayans is quite possibly the most annoying token comedic sidekick in movie history . -LRB- And no , I did n't forget about Jar Jar Binks ! -RRB- It 's hard to believe this movie was ever made . It has Joel Silver as an executive producer , and it was shot in Prague with a $ 35 million budget . You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll have to explain to your friends why you actually spent money on a movie this bad . And a good time will be had by all .
 This movie is wonderful in its stupidity . My favorite part of the movie was when Snails died . Was I really supposed to have had feelings for that character other than simply being irritated ? He was like the annoying person that sits next to you on a four-hour plane ride . Also , did anyone else think it was strange that the dwarf was as tall as everyone else ? I actually also took the time to listen to the director 's commentary on the DVD . I could n't help but feel sorry for the director as he talked about the next two movies in his amazing Dungeons & Dragons trilogy he has planned . I ca n't believe New Line funded ONE of these . Let alone three of them ! That guy is retarded . I suggest you buy this DVD for someone as a gag gift for Christmas . However , I must warn you that buying this DVD , even as a joke , will only encourage more movies like this one to be made , so be careful .
 You know , it 's one thing to have movie that has bad special effects , and it 's even worse when the story is n't all that great either . A lot of talent went to waste , excluding Marlon Waynes , and so did the director 's career . The only thing that actually wants you to keep watching it , is the acting . Otherwise , dont waste your money on a cheap movie like this.Warning
 Perpetually mind-numbing , `` Dungeons & Dragons '' is a cinematic attempt to drop a steaming pile on D&D ; franchise nostalgia . Having very little to do with the games , it 's a wonder the producers did n't at least get charged with larceny for this pathetic mishmash of action , drama , comedy , and love story . How do I hate thee , let me count the ways ... First and foremost , the acting in this film is ludicrous . Thora Birch as Empress Savina is everything Natalie Portman 's character in Star Wars is n't . In other words , just the bad parts . Like boredom , incompetence , and naivety . Justin Whalin is Ridley Freeborn , the primary protagonist , and let 's just say there 's a reason he 's best known for his role in Child 's Play 3 . Marlon Wayans is his fellow thief named Snails , a cowardly character inserted for comedic support ; his presence and performance took black actors back a decade and serve as the reason he 's only permitted to do Scary Movie sequels . With how he helped ruin the GI Joe movie , I have to wonder if he hates a person from the 80s or the entire decade . Not surprisingly , the best performance is turned in by Jeremy Irons . All fire and brimstone , his screaming rage is convincingly directed at the opposing characters despite the probability of it actually being directed at his cast-mates . The special effects are more short bus special than anything . Video game CGI with cartoon dragons and painfully obvious green screen sword fights . I 'm talking choreography sub-par to Mighty Morphin Power Rangers garbage . Dragons that could have been done better when D&D ; originally was released.The screenplay . Ugh . Draws no viewer attention . Banality at its finest . If you 're surprised that a team of assorted D&D ; characters -LRB- i.e. elf , dwarf , thief , etc. -RRB- must align and go on a grand mission where they suffer minor defeats on the way towards awkward love interests , corny one-liners , amalgamation , and eventual victory , then turn your head to look at your flat-lined EKG.I 'm utterly convinced this movie was conceived , organized , and made by those who protested D&D ; at one time or another for some ridiculous connection to devils and Satanism .
 Take every cliche in the world of high fantasy , shove it in a blender with paper-doll characters and an incoherent plot , and add the most obnoxiously annoying sidekick who never said `` meesa '' and `` yousa . `` Yeah , this is one of THOSE movies , the movies that everyone says is one of the worst ever made , but you never quite believe it until you force yourself to sit through it . `` Dungeons and Dragons '' has more ham than a pig farm , ridiculously poor acting and more cliches than you can count -LRB- oh look , distracting the guards by throwing a rock ! -RRB- . The evil mage Profion -LRB- Jeremy Irons -RRB- wants to overthrow the pure-hearted Empress -LRB- Thora Birch -RRB- , and her only chance is to get the Rod of Savrille -LRB- it 's French ? -RRB- which controls red dragons . But the only scroll showing where the Rod is has fallen into the hands of a prissy young mage named Marina -LRB- -LRB- Zoe McLellan -RRB- and a couple of pathetic thieves , Ridley -LRB- Justin Whalin -RRB- and Snails -LRB- Marlon Wayans -RRB- . For some reason , they end up chasing after a mystical ruby that ... is somehow connected to the rod , although I must have missed that part . They 're also joined by a snooty elf in a metal cone bra and a sloppy dwarf , and being chased by Profion 's evil blue-lipped minion , and must find the Rod first otherwise magic/the world will be destroyed , blah blah blah.Pretty much every aspect of this movie seems as if it was dreamed up by a ten-year-old boy coming off an RPG bender , with a heavy dose of `` Star Wars '' as well . But no , it was director/producer Courtney Solomon , who apparently was trying to make this movie as over-the-top and ridiculous as possible . Even worse
 I would think with the name and hype of this movie they could have casted better actors or got a better director . Profion , an evil mage , seeks the power to control all of the dragons to take the kingdom od Izmer from the Empress Savina . The kingdom 's fate falls into the hands of two peasants . With this movie I think too much money was spent on developing the special effects and not enough time on the script writing . This movie did n't seem to have much substance to it . There was a comical quirk here and there and then mass special effects and that was about all . Maybe we should just keep Dungeons and Dragons a roleplaying game for good . I recommend you rent this movie first and then decide whether or not you want to buy it .
 Yeah , yeah , I know that 's ^ been used a million times before ... but it 's certainly follows the tone of the movie . Can you get more juvenile ? Just because the target audience is non-mainstream is NOT AN EXCUSE to pass off 107 minutes straight cliques older than the ` elven elder . ' If they had actually stopped and DEVELOPED any of these cliques they could have breathed some life into this thing . You know what ? I 've had more fun READING THE REVIEWS that watching D&D . Trouble is , you have to make your save vs BAD MOVIE before you 'll really enjoy taking potshots at it .
 I 've played the game as a hobby since 1975 , about a year after its first printing , and have come to cherish it . However , when I read that a movie was in the works , I shuddered ... Hollywood will ruin it , I just know it ! Today , I rented the film after work and suffered through . Why ca n't they get it into their heads that dazzling people with CGI effects does not carry the story . The writing , characters , direction and editing are what make a film for me . I 'm sure they were pitching at kids , but the bulk of the people who have played D&D are adults . I was hoping for something which could at least marginally live up to this fine game . There were so many sterotypes in that film , I do n't even know where to begin . Is there any originality in the collective minds of Hollywood anymore ? If I wanted Xena , Warrior Princess , I would have turned to the Sci-Fi channel . The lead character ca n't break that Jimmy Olsen style , his partner is such a bad actor to begin with that he does n't need to overdo the bumbling sidekick routine , the princess was too stiff , the bar was Star Wars pub revisited , and the exagerated cities , arms & armor , and costuming were outlandish . Keep it simple and create a story that will keep everyone 's interest . One great aspect of the game is that nothing is as it seems 100 % of the time . You need to have a little grey mixed into the black & white/good verses evil . I also noted on a movie news site that they are making a second film thanks to the success of the movie overseas in Europe , where I guess they enjoy this .
 I have to admit that my motivation for renting this movie was partially due to my old days playing the game , and partially to avoid a fight if I watched a `` good '' movie by myself . I knew going in that this would not be a stellar movie , but I at least hoped it would be good enough to captivate me for awhile.To be fair , I figured I would divide it out into sections.Good
 Boy I have to agree with the other reviews . This was pretty much a rip off of Star Wars -LRB- right down the the battle scene between IRons -LRB- aka Darth Varder -RRB- and the princess and other guy -LRB- aka Luke -RRB- -RRB- as well as many other movies . The acting was terrible . Can JEremy IRons overact any more ???? At least he could overact , the other ones could n't act at all . The Wayans kid was probably more annoying then Jar Jar Binks . Many other movies were better including Dragonslayer and Never Ending Story which this movie borrows from and of course Star Wars . The effects are mediocre but better than some low budget movies and that keeps it from getting 0/5 stars .
 I 'll make this short and to the point . It is blatantly obvious that NO ONE involved with this movie has ever played D&D or even read a decent fantasy novel . A complete waste of time , energy , and money , for everyone - including any audience unfortunate enough to have to see this garbage . Personally , I 'd rather watch water boil .
 You would see this movies picture right next to it . Watching this drek makes baby jesus cry ...
 Jeremy Irons -LRB- The Time Machine 2002 , Die Hard With A Vengance -RRB- plays the lead bad guy who with his evil sidekick , Bruce Payne -LRB- Passenger 57 , Highlander
 Dungeons & Dragons is such a poor film that it nearly set fantasy filmmaking back twenty years -- thankfully , Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings saved the field . As a long-time D&D ; gamer and fan of sci-fi and fantasy films alike , I went to this movie hoping for the best but expecting the worst . Needless to say , my expectations were not disappointed even if my hopes were dashed.First , there 's the acting -- or lack thereof . It really says something about a film when Tom Baker of Dr. Who fame delivers the best performance on screen . Jeremy Irons should have his Oscar revoked as his is by far the worst performance , with less-than-convincing sneers and bad guy leers . Justin Whalin is n't terrible , but the Wayans kid -- ick . People in the theater literally CHEERED when he was seemingly rid of and booed at his eventual return . Not a single character endeared himself or herself to the audience.Then there are the props ... for a Hollywood production , one would hope that magical staves , gems , etc. would look fairly realistic , but instead it 's clear they are all made of plastic.The film is not set in any recognizable D&D ; millieu despite the abundance of interesting settings . Nor does the magic used conform in any way to the spells familiar to gamers ; an apprentice mage casts some kind of dimension door spell left and right simply with her magic dust . The dragons , presumably the focus of the film , actually appear only anticlimatically , and the `` dungeons '' explored by the main character could be solved by a three year old or even a mildly retarded dog.The special effects are the lone grace of this film , as the dragons are done fairly well , and the magical spells are n't too poorly done , either.The DVD version 's special features , which include deleted scenes , are decent . The alternate ending in particular is of interest ; the director apparently thought it `` too depressing '' and mentions a third ending so terrible they even left it off the DVD , yet I think the alternate ending would have at least left audiences with something -- if not the groan the theatrical version did , then at least a somewhat shallower scowl.I 've yelled at a few films in my day in the theater , but this is the first film that the entire audience joined me . Please , do yourself a favor and check out all the other fantasy films available before viewing D&D. ; Maybe some day a decent adpation of Dragonlance will be available , but until then , relegate this flick to your `` bad movie night '' pile .
 Let 's see , what do I do now ? Do I go over the volumes and volumes of fantastic material that D&D has produced over the years and see if I can find a story to bring to the silver screen?Nah , too easy.I 'll write my own cool story , complete with bumbling thieves and very eeevvill villians , toss in some staples of D&D like dwarves and elves , maybe a monster or two , some hackneyed plot about how a righteous princess wants equality among the classes of Izmer and , while I 'm at it , destroy everything a D&D fan holds near and dear.Why ? This movie , if done right , could have been BETTER than Lord of the Rings . But , for reasons unknown we are stuck with this for the big budget D&D Hollywood production . The flaws with this movie are too numerous and painful to mention . I 'll just go over some of the main ones that show how the movie destroyed some basic tenets of D&D in one fell swoop.-Dragons are mindless lizards ? - Gold Dragon gets killed by a collapsing gate ? - A Beholder is reduced to being some sort of snoozing security guard ? - Blue Lips ? - Magic library not protected , not even by magic ? - Snails dies , whats the matter , no clerics ? - Thieves scream when doing `` a job '' and also wear stolen merchandise on their head-3 room `` maze '' has never been completed?There are plenty more , and I am not even mentioning the acting and plot , which are equally horrid . When watching this movie , I kept on wishing someone would cast an imprisonment spell on the entire party so I would no longer have to stare at them and wince at their antics , sadly , it never happened -LRB- man , even a maze spell would have sufficed ! -RRB- .
 Whoever the final authority on the story and script was has obviously never played the game . This movie is shameful . I work alongside Dave Arneson and it saddens me to see his highly imaginative creation -LRB- which I enjoyed in my youth -RRB- reduced to a predictable and formulaic plot , hammy acting -LRB- Courtney Solomon 's fault -RRB- , and dialogue filled with one cliche after another . Some of the worst scenes take place in the Thieves ' Guild where the Star Wars cantina scene and Raiders of the Lost Ark are blatantly ripped off.The computer graphics , costuming , and set design are all very well done . Unfortunately the movie is lit like a cheap television show -LRB- the supposedly dingy Thieves ' Guild has brighter lighting than some of the art studios I 've seen -RRB- . I felt robbed . Hollywood profiteers took something that could have easily been really cool and ruined it . Just as with Hollow Man it has once again been proven that all the eye-candy in the world ca n't save a -LSB- bad -RSB- story .
 Dungeon and Dragons . Well well well . The most popular role playing game so rich with material spawned this horrific chimera of a movie . Let 's face it , Dungeon and Dragons was loosely based on Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings . If they can made a decent movie out of Tolkien 's trilogy , there is no reason why they could not have made a good Dungeon and Dragons movie . And this movie is far from good . Perhaps it will be one of those movies which is so bad that it became good and will achieve cult status.Well , history will take care of THAT . But it can not change the fact that for all the hoopla and publicity surronding this movie , it was all ado about nothing.Let 's say that when this movie ended , I was pratically running out of the theater covering my face , ashamed of being seen watching this wreck.And how bad is this wreck ? The moment the movie started and you heard a voice over telling you what the movie is going to be about , you know you are in trouble.The first scene immediately set alarm bells in my head that this is going to be one stinker of a stinking cloud spell . When you see that the extras ca n't even turn a wheel convincingly ... uh oh . Jeremy Iron 's epileptic fits of overacting and Bruce Payne 's blue lipstick does n't exactly help things . Thora Birch who has proven herself a good actress all of a sudden seem to have forgotten how to act . Most of the cast were also saddled with really inane dialogues . The best example ... the debate in front of the mage council between Irons and Birch.The story itself need a lot to be desire . Considering the wealth of material and story plots already written in the various Dungeons and Dragons novel based on well established worlds like Faeraun and Greyhawk ... all we got is Empress Savina attempting to grant equal status to non mage citizens ??? Have Lolth the Spider Queen trying to take over the world and have the Empress sent a squadron of heros to oppose her ... ANYTHING!The only member of the cast who came off well was Zoe McClellan ... but even she have more than her fair share of bad moments.The special effects are adequate ... but when it came to the monsters ... such as the dragons and Profion 's imp , as well as the beholders ... I have seen computer games with more convincing details.Considering it is a low budget movie to begin with , I may sound too harsh . But nothing excuse bad acting and bad story telling.Ultimately , Dungeon and Dragons is really a movie that is marginally , if not superficially based on the game . We seen wizards , thieves , elves dwarves , fighters , rangers ... but no clerics . So Snails died ... big deal . In the game , a simple raise dead spell will bring you back in action . None here . Also , I do n't get the sense that this IS a Dungeon and Dragons movie.Perhaps it was n't . Believe me , I have ran adventures more interesting than this .
 This is a terrible movie . The acting was awful , especially Jeremy Irons , which surprised me , since everything else I have seen him in he has been good . Thora Birch absolutely ruined her role as the Princess.Whoever allowed this film to use the term Dungeons & Dragons obviously had no idea how bad the movie was going to be . It really does n't resemble anything to do with the popular RPG , except tarnish its name.I actually thought the special effects were quite good . I do n't know what other people were complaining about the dragons so much , they were n't that bad , it just seemed that way because they served no real purpose in the film . In fact , there were so many `` token '' fantasy elements in this it was laughable.Ultimately the film was ruined by bad , bad writing and mediocre direction . Some of the scenes did n't even make sense , and there were gaps in the plot/story a mile wide.What a shame and disappointment . When will people realise that a good fantasy story made into a good movie will actually be popular . A fantasy movie is no different from other genres , it needs good acting , a good story and believable characters . A pretty girl in a nice outfit does not a regal Empress make ! Please , someone out there do a decent fantasy movie . We have the technology for good special effects now . Let 's hope Lord of the Rings lives up to high expectations -LRB- I have more faith in this because of the excellent cast and excellent director -RRB- . * sigh *
 I suppose i could give this 2 stars , just because of the effort they put into it , but 2.5 overall stars is too much . As a long time player of the game i am appalled by how much they left out of the real game ; the classic spells , the classic monsters , just about all of it . My players dragged me to the theater , saying that their DM had to go . I tried so hard to weasel out -- I wish that i had.I have not seen the DVD , nor do i wish to , except for the deleted scenes , although i am sure they do nothing to salvage this waste of film . I really ca n't say anything more than has already been said . For having such unlimited potential , the story fell so short of coherent plotting , acting and special effects . And for goodness 's sake , you could almost see the actors laughing between takes ; it was all one big joke to them , just a paycheck.One thing i can look forward to though is LOTR , a story worthy of D&D any day and the basis for much of the game in the first place . Maybe in the future somebody who knows what they are doing can come up with a REAL D&D film .
 This film looked promising from some of the material I read before hand . However the reality was very different , I found the plot incredibly weak and with attendacy to miss out large sections . The casting and acting was poor with me actually wanting Thora Birch to die . From what has been done in other films the special effects were poor . I would not wish anyone to see this film , unfortunately it has to be seen to be believed
 As a dedicated fan of the dungeons and dragons game , TSR , and everything else associated with fantasy and the like , I feel my voice must be heard . To say the least , I was taken by complete surprise by the absoloute horridness of this picture . I think everyone who has read or played a product from TSR had some kind standards set in their minds and the way I see it , little of them were met . To address the positive respects of this film , excellent costuming , props , and settings . -LRB- Note
 Courtney Solomon , who is apparently an avid D&D player himself , makes an awful directorial debut . Personally I can not even comprehend how a true fan could make such a hash of a promising film idea . With book after book of excellent resource material to borrow from Solomon has instead written a story which has absolutely zero originality , creativity or appeal quite frankly . To summarise , good guys must recover an * artifact * so the bad guys ca n't use it to take over the world with their nasty scheme . If the plot is to be beaten for sheer tripeness it 's only by the dialogue . This movie really does contain some of the worst dialogue I have ever heard in a movie . It 's not even cliched , it 's just bad . For example when the evil Damodar catches goofy thief Marlon Wayans in the act of stealing a precious map he says `` Just like a thief ... always taking things that do n't belong to you . '' Well DUH !!!!! The cast itself is n't that bad . We all know that Jeremy Irons is a highly capable and talented actor , though he has nothing to work with here . Justin Whalin makes an able rogue and I believe he has the qualities to play a good lead role in a credible movie . Marlon Wayans serves to lighten the film and succeeds for the most part although this does create a slight problem . The film seems confused as to whether it wants to be a lighthearted adventure or serious fantasy film . For this reason the audience reaction is often not what it is supposed to be . One minute they expect us to laugh at the rather immature slapstick comedy and the next they want us to feel sad because a main character is killed . Just does n't work . The serious moments in the film just provoked a laughing reaction from the theatre audience when I saw it.I have read many other reviews for the film and am totally bemused by the few people who have applauded the special effect . Especially when you consider that this movie has been made 4 years after Starship Troopers and even 2 years on from Phantom Menace yet the effects take a huge leap backwards . Obviously the budget was limited because the CGI is comparable to that in movies made for television rather than the big screen.I am trying not to be TOO negative because I myself am a D&D fan and the movie was not a complete waste . If you are not a D&D player and watch expecting nothing you may enjoy this film , however I truly believe anyone who does have involvement with the hobby will be horribly horribly disappointed.Oh and if you see it check out the very strange ending . What an odd way to end a film . It 's the final proof that the director just does n't have a clue .
 This movie is definitely for kids or die hard D&D fans who are so blinded by their love of the game that they might actually like this film . For the rest of us , the movie is simply terrible . Not even Jeremy Irons , such a wonderful dynamic actor , portrayed a decent role in this film . This should have been a straight to video release . The story line is boring and the FX are merely so-so . Thank goodness I only spent $ 3.50 to see this movie because any more would have really enraged me . Finally , Wayans role in this film is merely ok as the comic relief . He fits in this movie like Dolly Parton 's breasts do in a trainer bra . If you must see it , wait for it on video or DVD .
 I do n't even have that much personal experience with pen-and-paper Dungeons-and-Dragons roleplaying ; I had a crummy gamemaster and after a while it just sorta lost my interest . But I went to the theater with the hopes that this would be a pretty cool movie . The previews all looked pretty good , after all , with lots of dragons flying through the sky and flythroughs of dungeons . I figured that even if it was a bad movie , it would be a bad movie in a good way , sorta like Mummy Returns managed to be.Well , not only was this movie bad , it was BAAAD . The special effects were not very good , at best ; yeah , they might have seemed pretty sweet , but if they were good , you would n't have said `` Ooh , look at the cool computer-generated dragons ! '' , you would have said `` Holy ... . Shoot , those dragons are cool ... those ARE CGI , right ? '' But putting aside the five-year-old computer animation , there was so much else that went wrong with that movie . The acting , for instance . It was ... really laughable . I mean , the main characters were good for a few laughs in the beginning , as they tried to play some humor off each other ... but as the film prograssed and the shallowness of the storyline became appearant , it just became annoying and worse.As for the storyline , I was n't expecting high literature when I walked into the theater . I would have settled for something fairly straightforward , in fact , as long as the special effects had been kickass -LRB- they were n't -RRB- and the acting had been passable -LRB- it was n't -RRB- . And that ending ... ! I do n't want to give it away , of course . the film would have been almost saved if the ending had n't been so ... bad.I mean , there 's really no other way to cut it . This film was bad . It 's certainly not worth the price of the DVD , though as it has n't been released quite yet , I ca n't comment on the DVD itself . This might be worth the price of a rental , if you really , REALLY , want to see the film . There are other fantasy films out there , though , that would probably offer a lot better entertainment value . Hopefully , and I 'm sure I 'm not the only one thinking this , the Lord of the Rings movie will be a far better faithful adaptation of a fantasy tradition than this was .
 This movie is neither creative nor thought-provoking , all because it 's not an original idea . It 's just this big copy of different fictional masterpieces that have come together to create a catastrophe ! They just mixed TV shows in together namely Crystal maze and Xena Warrior Princess . They really tried to copy Tomb Raider 's -LRB- the game -RRB- levels only insulting the artists that created the game with their pathetic attempt to make a great fantasy flick ! They tried to make such a great Star Wars kind-of-movie only to make a disaster of the cinema industry . They had would-be light saber fights and even this weird podrace . The costumes and the sets make this statement even more obvious!The make-up was horrible . The lighting was terrible and it ruined one of the only good things about this feature-the cinematography ! And what 's with the colours ? Most of the film was dull green , red , and orange in color -LRB- sets , costumes -RRB- ! The costumes were another thing that needed professional help . What happens when the costumes from `` Star Wars Episode I '' meet `` The Lost World '' ? A nuclear meltdown - a fiasco , also known as `` Dungeons and Dragons '' ! They could have made such a good movie because the title is pretty good . It sounds like something you 'd want to see but you realize that it 's really not something you 'd want to see , 4 minutes into the movie . Worst scenes were the ones with the main characters . In the DVD special feature option , the alternate ending the director decided not to use was a whole lot better and more realistic than the surreal so-called surprising ending he decided to use ! The deleted scenes in the DVD were the best scenes in the movie - some of them were actually okay -LRB- but not amusing enough to make me laugh -RRB- . I would call this a kiddy movie but I would just be insulting and embarrassing the kids around the world!I should n't forget the sound . The sound-editing was hopeless , i.e. it ca n't be fixed -LRB- it was that bad -RRB- . As for the score , the crew do n't know what musical sequence they are supposed to use . When someone dies this cheerful score starts in the background with fanfares and chimes!If you really want to know , the plot revolves around this empress that needs to use these scrolls so she can find this thing to control these fake red dragons but the bad guy also wants it . So her mentor 's librarian and two commoners help her find it in one of cinematic history 's most disappointing adventures ! Some war ! My sister 's fights with me last longer than that ! One of the best things about this movie was that it ended so quickly!Who wrote this ? The script-every line in the script was messed up . Either they computer did n't print the script out properly or the writers are just plain bad ! They 're untalented and ca n't distinguish between good and bad . But there was one thing I really liked and appreciated ! The font they used for the ending credits was fascinating!Now let 's look at the cast ! Jeremy Irons -LRB- Propion -RRB- - word of advice , stick to doing voices like Scar 's in `` The Lion King '' because this may be news to you but you ca n't act ! Thora Birch -LRB- The Empress -RRB- , I can barely hear your soft whispery voice but it really does n't matter because you really do n't have anything important to say . You try to dress like Queen Amidala but you will forever offend her . Your speeches are uninspiring , tedious , simple , and completely pointless ! You tried so hard to become the next Queen Amidala and I pity you , I really do . You acted so badly that I could n't even laugh at you ! Your speeches are so memorable - I 'll never forget how stupid and uncalled for they all were ! They were the exact opposite of Al Pacino 's speech at the end of `` Scent Of A Woman '' . As for you Zoe McLellan -LRB- Marina -RRB- , you need acting lessons like the rest of the cast . I have yet to spot a scene where you do n't have this traumatized and puzzled expression on your face ! But Kristin Wilson -LRB- Norda -RRB- is one person I feel really bad for . She was the only person that gave a reasonably good acting performance . Unfortunately for Wilson , the whole movie was stupid . As for the movie 's main character , Justin Whalin - you should really stick to TV shows because you do n't know how to act and your performance was laughable . At least Scary Movie 's Shorty -LRB- Marlon Wayans -RRB- did what he does best . Acts mad ! As for Bruce Payne -LRB- Damodar -RRB- , you 're a payne in the *** ! First question
 Seeing a film in the theater on Christmas Eve has been a tradition of mine since I was a kid . On Xmas Eve 2000 , my theater had n't yet gotten Cast Away or Crouching Tiger , but it did have my third choice , D&D. ; Well , I 've never been so intricately close to D&D ; that I would have been labeled a sinner in the 80s , but I have ALWAYS loved medieval fantasy , and many of the D&D ; stories and characters . So , I had the feeling going to the film that I would have a good old popcorn munching time with one of my favorite genres . No decent movies about medieval times had come out in a while , so what better than D&D ; to end the drought?Well , I left the theater laughing . Not at the movie , but at myself for having such high hopes . It had potential , I 'll say that . I chuckled at a joke or two , I liked some of feel , like magicians and thieves and whatnot . But in the end , it felt like a washed out , Lord of the Rings lite . And who would have known that LOTR would indeed come out a year later and absolutely blow everyone 's socks off?The main problem with D&D ; is its basic plot . Several characters band together to retrieve a magical item and defeat the wizard . Ok , sounds fair . But the characters are so wooden and stereotypical , I just did n't care . The thieves are rebels who believe in justice and equality . The wizards are old and power hungry . The dwarf likes beer and fights . The elves are delicate and mysterious . And that 's about the most we get to know anybody , although the main two characters -LRB- thieves -RRB- get more screen time and somewhat anachronistic dialogue . I admit I was surprised by a death halfway through , and surprised again at what happened / did n't happen with the dead at the end of the film . But outside of that , it 's pretty stock stuff . And do n't look for Jeremy Irons to save the film , he overacts here with the best of them . Although I did enjoy his last scene or two involving his magic and the dragon battle.I guess bottom line is that it 's worth a see if you 're a real D&D ; or fantasy fan , but other than that , it 's not that great , and if you 've seen Lord of the Rings by then you 've already seen better . Just too bland .
 I rented this movie out of curiosity . I stuck it in my PS2 , and watched the DVD . I laughed all the way through about how bad the movie is . The acting is very , very bad . I also noticed about halfway through the movie that the sort of `` evil '' theme sounded a lot like the imperial march -LRB- for those who do n't know , that 's basically the empire 's theme in Star Wars -RRB- . Just out of curiosity , I hummed the imperial march when the music started in the movie . The imperial march goes at the same speed , about the same key , and the beginning starts off in almost the exact same way . If you want to , rent this movie , but DO NOT BUY IT . Sorry D&D fans , but this really shames the name of Dungeons and Dragons .
 * Dungeons and Dragons -LRB- PG -RRB- what can I say ? I am dumbfounded . The Rolodex of famous films wasn &#65533; t just turning , it was WHIRLLING in my head as directors from Fritz Lang to Steven Spielberg were being raped and pillaged before my eyes . I kept saying the titles &#65533; Reversal of Fortune &#65533; and &#65533; Dead Ringers &#65533; in my head to remind myself that Jeremy Irons CAN act . And poor Thora Birch ! She made the acting in The Phantom Menace look like A Streetcar Named Desire . I will say that you know a film is ENJOYABLY bad when the plot surround three pairs of sexually ambiguous couples , all in relentless pursuit of something called &#65533; The Rod &#65533; .
 I had this film on my wish list before it came out . I was pretty excited that they were making a D&D film using more modern methods and such . Well , I almost walked out of this movie in the theater it was so bad . It was almost like it was made by a bunch of concerned parents worrying about their teen playing the game , than actually KNOWING what D&D is all about!This film is best forgotten ! Thank god for Lord of The Rings .
 What a waste of money ! Reading the backform and seeing some pictures and trailers of it ... you would think its quite a remarkable story and it turns out to be a dull one but one thing that is good with that is their special effects ... they did a good job there but for acting ... they really took it as acting ... not the thing when you act it does n't look like your acting but its real .
 This movie -LSB- was n't very good -RSB- . Being a Tolkien fan , I had high hopes for this one but was completely let down . The special effects are spectacular , but the movie is ruined by the cheesy acting and the really bad direction . I do n't know what a talented actor like Jeremy Irons was thinking when he took on this role . Verdict - stay away , not even worth seeing once .
 the eleven to thirteen year old crowd or others who have indiscriminate taste in film . I bought the dvd after seeing a trailer . Unfortunately I based my decision on a few clips of interesting looking costumes and the fact that Jeremy Irons stars ... I hope they payed him well , since he wo n't be in any hurry to add this one to his resume ! Unless one is addicted to the D&D game , give this film a miss .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I could n't stand it for more than 26 minutes , when I decided to turn off my DVD player and went to sleep . It was n't worst loosing any more time on waiting for the film to get better .
 I thoroughly enjoyed Dungeons and Dragons
 This is definately one of the worst movies I 've seen in years!If I had made the mistake of actually paying to see this movie in a theatre , I would be tempted to walk-out right in the middle of it.I have never been so tempted before ... Horrible acting , camera angles and not a very good story line.I want to sell ... no GIVE away the dvd I just bought but I 'm afraid that most people who have seen or heard about it will probably want to use it for a coaster ... Be warned .
 I guess most of the reviewers already wrote what I want to say ... I probably watched around 200 movies in my life time -LRB- I know it 's not much -RRB- , but this one is at the bottom ... well it may go underground.It 's worse than battlefield earth , it 's worse than any B type movie I 've seen , it ai n't just worth spending time watching it ... Especially at the time LOTR came out , it 's uncomparative ...
 If there was a zero star rating this movie would have gotten that . Well , okay , the Dragons looked pretty good , so I 'll be generous and give them 1/2 a star . This movie is everything that a good fantasy movie like Lord of the Rings is not . Most of the special effects pretty much stunk . The ` artifact ' looked like apiece of plastic on a stick . The deadly ` dungeon ' -LRB- see the name -RRB- had a pit trap which dropped the hero right in on the treasure ... Who in the world would do that ? Monty Haul ? The script was terrible and made very little sense , the acting was worse . Given that there were at least two good actors in this movie , the quality of acting was rather shockingly bad . In fact the only good thing I can think of about the movie is that it had Tom Baker -LRB- of Doctor Who fame -RRB- in a cameo . The plot was rather terrible . In fact the Heroes go to retrieve an artifact that could destroy the queen before the villans do . Upon reaching the resting place of the artifact , NO ONE ELSE COULD ENTER BUT THE HERO . Okay , call me crazy , but if nobody else can get in , JUST LEAVE THE DAMN THING INSIDE ! Instead they get it , it gets stolen and we have to endure anther 45 minutes of pain and suffering because of this.All in all it seemed like the makers of this movie decided to just toss in a little of everything , shake and hope they rolled a natural twenty . Sorry guys , you got a critcal miss on this one .
 Anyone rating this film probably works for the movie company , or has lost their marbles . It only gets one star from me because my girlfriend insisted we get it , and this howling error on her part gives me carte blanche rental choices for about the next decade.Bad dialogue , clumsily edited , atrocious acting , inconsistent motivations , no character development , colossal non-sequiturs , baffling ending and lead characters with all the pizazz of pork luncheon meat.Fantastic relief though when Marlon Wayan 's `` Snails '' is bumped off by the slaphead with the blue-lipstick - ah yes , Snails the thief - as much use as a glass hammer.Don ' t believe the reviewers who claim that the extra scenes `` explain everything '' - they just add to the horror.It was just fantastically bad - do n't buy it - for pity 's sake - save your money . I 'm going to stop now , because it just hurts too much to think about it .
 Of all of the potential D&D stories that could have been developed for a film , and there are numerous excellent books in both the Dragonlance and Forgotten Realms titles , why did they have to make this monstrosity ?!?!?! Why not an adaptation of something by Weiss and Hickman , or Salvatore?The effects range from basically good to outright cheesey , the plot is muddled and non-existent at times , and the acting generally so awful as to make you stare in wide-mouthed disbelief . And there are some talented actors in it . Jeremy Irons will regret this film for the rest of his life , I suspect.In the light of Lord of the Rings , which has raised the bar so high that nothing else compares , this film looks even stupider now than it did last December . Thank God that New Line had the Oscar-worthy LotR waiting in the wings with which to redeem itself.Give it a miss , unless you want a really good laugh , in which case go and rent it at Blockbuster and save some money .
 This film was sooooo bad , it was almost inadvertantly funny but then it was n't . By the end , my friends and I sat slackjawed , wondering if this horrific train wreck of a film was ever going to reach any sort of end . I 'm sure there are many more `` fanboy '' jokes about how Courtney Solomon -LRB- the director -RRB- used his powers to cast sleep , feeblemind , etc. on his audience . Dear God , why ? I am still baffled as to how Thora Birch , Jeremy Irons , anyone in the cast could have woken up , read this script , and thought `` You know , this will really help my career . '' Really , even the CGI looked embarrassed to be there .
 I ca n't believe this film was actually made ! I 've been playing D&D since 1986 , so I do understand and like the game ... but this movie has precious little to do with the game at all . The acting was terrible ... Justin Whalin and Marlon Wayans should bury their careers after this . Jeremy Irons was clearly in it for the money , and poor Thora Birch looked like a little girl playing dress-up in mommy 's evening gowns . The script was just plain stupid , not to mention disjointed and muddled . The direction was amateurish at best . The only good part of this eyesore was the special effects ... and they were n't exceptional at all , just adequate . When I saw it at the theater the audience clearly hated it . People were walking out , laughing at the big dramatic parts and sitting silently through the `` comedy '' bits . When Snails was killed people were cheering and applauding ; I have n't seen a character that stupid and obnoxious outside of Jar Jar Binks -LRB- and Marlon Wayans should be ashamed of himself for taking such a demeaning role -RRB- . It 's also sad that the game emphasizes teamwork , while the movie does not . The so-called `` labyrinth '' is just a series of rooms opening on to one another . The big dungeon at the end was a let down . The fights are almost all human vs. human ; some monsters from the game show up but they 're mostly window dressing , on view for a few seconds at most . -LRB- The one exception is the dragons , but even then they 're wasted . -RRB- If it had been less violent , it could have been a half decent children 's movie ... this flick has an overall juvenile feel to it , like a bad Saturday-morning TV show . I missed BATTLEFIELD EARTH , so this ranks as the worst movie of 2000 for me . Stupid from start to finish , a total offense to anyone with a brain .
 This was almost as bad as those nerdy guys out in the park acting out scenes from the game in their cheaply made costumes . Well , actually I 'd rather watch them than this movie . At least I can throw things at them . All I have to say for this movie is wow ... I would not want this put on my resume if I had any involvement in it .
 This may be the absolute worst movie I have ever seen ! Every movie has some redeeming value but in this I could find none . Seriously ... and I am a BIG fan of fantasy and D&D . I have been playing the game for over 12 years , which is why it saddens me all the more to see such a horrible rendition of a game I love so much . Now do n't get me wrong , I am very open minded and I am not like a D&D version of a Trekker . I did n't look for nor care to see accuracies in the movie adaptation of the game . I just wanted to see a good fantasy adventure movie ... The acting was bad , the directing was bad , the editing was bad , the story was illogical and generic , and EVEN the special effects were bad . Yes , the one thing you usually can count on in a movie these days , good SFX . But no ... Even the LIGHTING was bad in this movie . Sometimes you just had a hard time getting a good glimpse of things ... Now this just means that I will NEVER see a good D&D movie in my life ...
 When considering whether to buy this , buy it only for the special effects . I am a long time D&D player , RPG fan , etc. , and I am usually entertained by movies in general . but this was a terrible attempt to force the RPG style into a movie ... the result was a movie that had all the elements but lacked depth and a story . Go watch Willow instead , now thats a real fantasy movie ...
 I did n't have high expections of this but man , it was worse than I thought it would be ... much worse . The acting was so bad and so was the plot . The F/X were ok but that does n't make a movie . It seems to me the plot was developed around the effects . This movie is n't worth a free rental at Blockbuster .
 Just how sad can a movie based on a famous role playing game be ? Sitting through this shameful excuse for an adventure/fantasy film was so sad , my eyes watered as if I was cutting onions for two hours straight . Dungeons & Dragons was such an embarrassment in so many different areas , I should have kept a tally on how many times my cheeks blushed bright red ! The only enjoyment I endured while watching this eye sore came from my mouth as I endlessly commented put-down after put-down . Here 's a short list of cons I thought might help your decision of whether to watch or buy -LRB- or neither -RRB- ... please notice , not a single pro is too been seen :1 . -RRB- To Be Or Not To Be , It AI N'T
 I hate to say that this movie was a major disappointment . After all my years of growing up with Dungeons and Dragons and they throw this movie at me . Were the movie done right it could have been very magical , but it was utterly horrible . Lets examine some of the aspects that made this movie fail.Marlon Wayans as Snails was a very funny character that was just played all wrong within the movie . The fact that they killed off his character to gain some emotion from the audience did not work , because it was not believable . His battle scene with Damodar was horrible to look at and I actually laughed at the death scence.Justin Whalin as Ridley Freeborne was actually a good character to focus on the movie , but his part was written all wrong . And the fact that he basically saves the entire movie is just not believable . Were they trying to follow some aspects of D&D ? A Theif/Master Swordsman played by a human ? And then to wield a two-handed sword ? Not likely ... maybe a Half-Elf . . Zoe McLellan as Marina of Pretensa was frightfull to watch . She was way to overly dramatic throughtout the movie especially at the scene were she yells at Ridley telling him that the empress wishes to make everyone equal . Who is she trying to fool ? She is pretty , but no actress . You best bet for future work is the become a maxim covergirl.Lee Arenberg as Elwood -LRB- Dwarf Warrior -RRB- ... I am not even going to go there . His part in the movie had no meaning and no purpose.Thora Birch as Empress Savina was a bold move to spark interest in the movie seeing as she was part of the excellent movie , American Beauty . Thora 's being in the movie did not even help the least bit . And then there is the fact that she was barely written into the movie ... Jeremy Irons as Profion was one of the worst parts to play . He played his character as a mad , insane cry-baby that did not want to share its candy with the rest of the people . Do he seriously think he could ever rebound from his role in Lolita?Bruce Payne as Damodar was the greatest and funniest part of the movie ! Talk about someone flunking evil character 101 class , he could not even get it right . Be sure and give a good laugh at the scene where he tells one of this warriors not to mess up in capturing Ridley in a bar or they will suffer a fate worse than that was bestowed on him.I can not believe they tried to milk the D&D genre with this movie . I am glad it bombed because it was a movie that was rushed , and not worthy making . If they make a sequel , it better be 100x better than this ... that is all I have to say about it .
 This is such an awful movie I can scarcely even consider writing about it . The incredible overacting by Jeremy Irons made me cringe , and Bruce Payne 's performance is just pathetic and even incomprehensible at times ... ugh.And what 's with the effects where the camera zooms up and down the huge towers ? I almost puked the 3rd time they did that ... Awful , just plain awful , and I would n't even recommend it for a turkey shoot -LRB- you know , where you and your friends get together to watch a bad movie and rip it apart for fun ? -RRB- ... not ever .
 I bought this DVD as a gift . The case was in horrible condition ; it had stickers and tape all over it . I only paid a penny for it , so it was worth the price .
 Well , I think the title of my review about sums up the whole of the movie . The worst part about this is that I do play Dungeons & Dragons and have seen most of the attempts at making D&D movies . I had hoped there would be something good about this new one but I 'm prepared to believe it is the worst yet . The acting was completely juvinile -LRB- `` THE SKIES WILL RAIN WITH BLOOD HAHAHA !! '' -RRB- . The script was like something that had been written in the span of two days -LRB- `` You 're a low level mage ... '' -RRB- . And the whole concept was as frail as a skyscraper built with matchsticks . All I can say is , do n't waste your cash , heck , do n't even watch it if someone else rents it . You probably have much more meaningful things to do with two hours of your life . Like doing laundry or something ...
 You know what this movie is about so here is my opinion . Many people told me not to see this movie ; told me that it was a really bad movie . I 've been an avid role-player and fan of fantasy novels for almost 15 years . When Dungeons and Dragons was released in the theaters I never got a chance to see it . Recently , I noticed this movie in a friends DVD collection . Surely it was worth a free viewing ! My , my , my was I completely wrong . I sat down to watch this movie with low expectations . Usually , when I do this the movie turns out to be not so bad . This was one of those rare times when the movie winds up being worse than my already low expectations . The dialogue and the story are very poor . The acting is especially bad . Marlon Wayans and Justin Whalin had this `` cool dude , urban vibe '' that made me wonder if they had n't just stepped out of a Teen Comedy . Jeremy Irons is a fantastic actor but he overacted this part . The only redeeming performance and character is the dwarf . You must believe me when I say that I will always sit through a movie no matter how bad . However , I wanted to stop this movie many times after about the first 30 minutes . It 's really difficult to put into words what a terrible movie this was . It 's a shame that this money and opportunity was wasted on bad directing , writing , and acting . If you 're gon na make a fantasy movie , at least read the cream of the fantasy novel crop . I think the writers simply thumbed through the D&D Players Handbook to do their research . What a shame and what a waste of 2 hours from my life .
 This movie may be the worst movie that I have ever seen or owned . The special effects although not ground breaking may be the only reason to watch , and only those parts . The acting , story , filming all explain why this movie was out in theaters for maybe half a day . I would be very hard pressed to compare this movie to any other that I have ever seen , I do not think anyone else has seen fit to publish anything this bad . What were the producers thinking ... maybe tax credit ? DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE , wait till it comes out on TV that way you can change the channel . I only wish I could return it .
 Just a couple of comments from a mature fan of RAVENLOFT & FG.This movie was pitched at kids.None of the cast had ever heard of the AD&D game let alone played it!They should have let fans contribute somehow.Major disappointment , this film was massacred , save your money , buy the Baldur 's Gate 2 computer game and make your own adventures .
 If you like things midieval , fantastic , or ven the real D&D ; role playing game , you will be do disgustingly disappointed . I am not a harsh rater of any movies - however , there are always exceptions . This movie was AWFUL for a long list of reasons . It catered to the truly ignorant from the beginning . No one needs to be pointed out what a `` dungeon '' is ... palease . : : shaking head :
 You do n't know how disappointed I and my fellow D&D gamers were when we went to see this movie . :P My main problem was with the props . The armor and weapons looked like plastic throughout the entire thing ! Sure , there were spectacular effects , but they were all but forgotten in the light of the acting and those heinous props ! The maze-type scene kept my interest for about a minute , but it was just . . awful . Rent it , do n't bother to buy it unless you 're a huge fan of one of the actors and do n't watch anything but them ...
 I too am a avid fan of d & d , I just bought the new 3rd edition books . This movie struck me as cheaply made and the acting was not good . The props/gems in the movie looked like plastic . I was embaressed to drag my friends to see this in the theatre . Compare this to Conan The Barbarian which was probably the best fantasy movie ever made even though it was in the '80s .
 Maybe my age is beginning to show , but I just finished watching this movie about an hour ago , and it was pretty bad . Poor dialogue , too many characters with nothing to do , except to give token representation of non-humans , and non-interesting fight scences . Granted , the FX are really good , and watching that many dragons flying around is a wonder , but those are far and few between to compensate for the rest of the movie . My sister watched this when it first came out , and she 's not a fan of fantasy at all , but she thought it was `` okay '' . With that in mind , I was expecting a little more - but except for the literal dungeons and dragons in the movie , there was a minimal amount of D&D in the movie itself . > o '
 Now please do n't get me wrong ; I like sword and sorcery movies . Over the years I 've seen a lot of them ; most bad to awful , but every now and then there is a gem to be found . Unfortunately , this one is n't a gem , not even close.For a movie that is n't billed as a comedy , well the director really missed the boat . We start off with a couple of thieves -LRB- normal D&D stuff -RRB- , but for supposed thieves these two make more noise than any group of 2 year olds I can think of . Next we add in a mage who does n't really do magic and seems to spend most of her time getting rescued by the smarter of the two thieves . Next of course comes the dwarf , who really does n't seem very dwarven at all and spends most of his time picking things out of his beard . Finally , to complete our little party , we add an elven tracker whose character seems taken directly from Star Trek 's Mr Spock.To this inept group , add in very stilted dialogue , poor special effects , a run of the mill plot and finally and ending that makes no sense.Take all of this , stir briskly while muttering a few unintelligable words and poof ! You have one of the worst , most annoying movies it has ever been my misfortune to see.Save yourself some pain and suffering , not to mention -LSB- the money -RSB- . Give this one a miss !
 Just when you though it could n't get worse than ` Battlefield Earth ' ... Yes , this flick is as bad as you 've heard . As someone with only a passing interest in D&D , I dind ' t care what the purists had to say about it . But Christ , this flick was awful . Apparently , the director of this film , Courtney Solomon , has spent the last ten years of his life trying to get this film made . Since this film has been made by a guy who 's never actually made a movie before , you can have fun pointing out all the inexcusable continuity errors that probably would have been caught by a film student with a camcorder . This movie contains writing so bad that it forces normal people to curse God for allowing human communication to even exist . How did Jeremy Irons end up in this thing ? My god , he was TERRIBLE ! It 's astonishing to see a film in which every single actor manages to embarrass him or herself with such regularity . But worst of all , Dungeons & Dragons seems to have absolutely nothing t!o do with the game it 's based on . If `` Dungeons and Dragons '' is successful at anything , it 's in taking on the characteristics of the stereotypes that plague the fans . You know the image , awkward , overly earnest , not as clever as he thinks is , and extremely easy to ridicule . What an awful film ...
 As terrible as it is , I 'm astonished that this film was ever released in theaters . The visual effects and Thora Birch ... are about the only reasons to watch this film , and the fx are n't even anything special.I wish that Wizards Of The Coast would have demanded more creative input into this film and written a screenplay that at least contained accurate elements of the game . I would love to have seen a movie set in the Forgotten Realms , or especially the DRAGONLANCE characters brought to life . The story was the weakest component of this movie , even if you can forgive the bad acting and 4th grade level humor.New Line should not have wasted the Platinum Collection treatment like this .
 This movie was the most pretentiously feminist , convoluted , unresolved piece of junk that I have ever laid eyes on . Save yourself an hour and a half and do something more productive . Seriously .
 The Basketball Diaries starring Leonardo DiCaprio is a good film about drug abuse but this coming of age drama left me disappointed . DiCaprio is so talented but even his electric performance ca n't save this dribble . This is a movie you borrow or rent but not buy .
 it was not wrapped in bubble wrap . i will never order from you again . . the case was in very bad shape ... i am keeping it because i love the movie and wanted to watch it as soon as i got it ...
 This film came highly recommended but I personally was disappointed . It was n't all disappointing but I did n't experience it as deeply as I thought I would .
 The first mistake was setting this movie in the present rather than the 60 's . The juxtaposition of Carroll 's confined claustrophobic catholic world vs. the allure of the street and heroin isnt that shocking in the context of todays headlines . This could have been an interesting movie but instead it retreads predictable junkie themes , withdrawals and rehabilitation in an insincere and forced way .
 Check out the book . It will take you about an hour to read and has eveything the movie lacks - namely humor , drama , intelligence , a modicum of authenticity and entertainment value . Might make a good investment for the most rabid -LRB- and brain dead -RRB- Leo fans out there .
 I ca n't believe a movie so full of sex , drugs , and rock n ' roll can be so incredibly boring . Despite some fleeting moments of beautiful camera work and a good performance by Leonardo DiCaprio , this film has no redeeming qualities . DiCaprio is a pretty good actor but I was so sick of old Jim 's whining . When I remembered that he lived to write about it , I watched the rest of the movie in fast-forward . I could n't tolerate much more , but I wanted to make sure that I would n't miss anything . I did n't . If you want to see a truly entertaining movie about the horrors of heroin , skip The Basketball Diaries and check out Trainspotting . Now that 's a good picture with junkies you can really feel for .
 The performances in this film , particularly by Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Wahlberg are pretty good , but the film suffers from an unrefined script and mediocre direction . What in this film have we not seen before in other films ? Certainly not the good guy whose life is ruined by drugs . What about the tough-love mom ? Nope , seen that before . Redemption at the end ? That 's a given.I finished `` Basketball Diaries '' with no new insights into drugs , life , or death . Lorraine Bracco 's character as Jim 's mother is horribly underwritten , and whenever she does appear , she 's yelling or crying . Her character should have been fleshed out . And a basketball game during a rainy night after the funeral of one of Jim 's best friends is supposed to be poignant , but is not particularly emotional because the friend dies almost immediately after the film introduces him.The only reason to see this film is Leonardo DiCaprio 's acting . He is a good actor , but he ca n't save this film . ...
 If you want a movie to show that drugs are bad , this is it . Otherwise , it 's just not that great a movie . Yes , Leo does a good job of portraying someone who just about throws his life away , but the movie just did n't draw me in . I realize it 's a true story so there 's not a lot you can do with it , but there was n't a single character I cared about .
 Please do n't overrate this movie . It was so boring . Leo is a great actor yes , he was the only good thing in the movie . But the story was so sloppy and sleep-provoking . I ca n't believe Jim Carroll would let such a bad movie like this portray his life .
 This is by far the most disgustin video , i have ever seen . It sucks
 This movie portrays a number of teenage students who quit school and become criminals and drug addicts . That could be quite interesting . What ruins the movie is Leonardo DiCaprio 's performance in the lead part . He is quite annoying in all his movies but in this one , it goes to extremes . He is so overacting and after a while my brother and I started laughing when he cried and at his facial expressions . All the close up shots of his face do n't make things better . His character is supposed to be 16 , I believe . Leonardo DiCaprio was actually about 20 but looks like 14 . The only character I really cared about and felt sorry for was his mother -LRB- Lorraine Bracco -RRB- . The sequences that are supposed to show what is going on in Jim 's imagination could have been better made especially the one where he 's running though a field of flowers.Like I said , the lead performance makes the movie quite annoying to watch . It 's also a bit dull and it does n't have anything new to say . I guess those who enjoy watching DiCaprio 's overacting will find it very good , but if you do n't , stay away and do n't waste your money .
 This just ca n't be me alone ! I could not finish this disjointed , boring , bad acting mistake called a movie . I like Leo , but bought it for Mark Walberg . I either did n't recognized him or he did n't make the first half of this waste of film and my time . Skip this one . Watch Leo in `` Titanic '' or `` Blood Diamonds '' or Mark in `` Shooter '' or `` Planet of the Apes '' . These in my humble opinion are good films and should be seen . I would rather try to stomach a plate of brussel sprouts than start this film over .
 This is absolutely garbage . I ca n't believe that anybody would make such a movie . If it were possible I would give it zero stars . Actually , if it were possible , I would give it -100000 stars . If there were such a thing as negative infinity , I would give this movie negative infinity stars . This movie sucks !
 This book was outrageos . It had too much prifanity for us little kids to deal with . They should not be putting r rated books out on the streets just like that . They need to have beeps over the swears . Please take into consideration next time you write another one of your outrageous , gruesome , awful , profianity books just like that . You know something , This book just is falling off of the charts . This book I think has a rating of negative 500 ! I read this book to my little five year old boy thinking that it was just a simple book on a diary of a boys basketball life . Little did I know it was about drugs and naked people ! By the end of the story my kid was running round rooting for the ladie in the booth !!! Thank-you I am totally fimished . END
 Bad , bad , bad.Bad acting , bad writing , bad directing.I was sort of neutral about DiCaprio until I saw this steaming pile of bad acting . Consequently , since seeing this , I have n't voluntarily watched another DiCaprio performance.It was a huge mistake by the director -LRB- or the screen writer -RRB- to NOT set this in the era in which Jim Carroll grew up . Or if it was meant to be , it failed astoundingly with glaring anachronisms .
 Oh Leo . . why would you take this role ?? I guess I can justify it since it was his early days . I rented this movie on whim . I thought this movie was perhaps a fun look at life as a teenager . . boy was I ever wrong . It was not about diaries and there was very little basketball involved . I was hoping for an inspirational story about a boy who came out of a rough neighborhood , wins the state basketball tournament , gets the girl and receives a full scholarship to Harvard , while recording these life changing moments in his diary . However , none of those events happened . I guess next time I will read the back of the movie to save myself many months of nightmares and therapy .
 Jim Carroll is a basketball star . He and his gang of friends get into gang fights and steal things in their spare time . When Jim gets involved in drugs , his life slowly start to deteriorate . More and more problems arise as he continues to get fixated and goes to more horrific and depressing extremes in order to get his next fix . The film details his descent from basketball star to full-fledged junkie . Based on the diaries by writer Jim Carroll , the film was in the making for several years before finally being released to mixed reviews in the mid-90s . Being a big fan of the book , I watched this film . This is what I think of it.This film could have been great . Indeed , it is n't terrible . There is a lot to admire about this piece of work . For starters , Leonardo DiCaprio 's performance . He displays a strong range of talent reminiscent of James Dean . His performance is definitely very memorable and extremely realistic . The soundtrack to the film is also quite top-notch and truly lends itself to the angry tone of the film . I also appreciated much of the early scenes in the film and I found many of them to have a true sense of gritty realism as well as a type of ironic detachment that you really do n't see too often these days . Juliette Lewis , despite her role being very brief , does an excellent job as well and , had she gotten more to do , could have really been remembered for her role . The film also gets the look of the dank , dark , grimy streets of New York down pitch-perfect . You can really get a true feel for the atmosphere and the scum that pervades the life of Jim and of his friends . You really get a sense of the filmmaker almost being a witness to the type of depraved behavior depicted in the film.Unfortunately , the flaws outweigh the positives in this film . One of my biggest complaints has to do with the terrible decision to change the time of the story from the 80s to the mid-90s . If there were any time period this film should have been set in it should have been the 80s . The film 's soundtrack consists mostly of 80s music . The idea of 80s excess was a big part of the original book and almost lent itself to a kind of realism nearly on par with Less than Zero -LRB- the novel -RRB- in terms of it 's graphic depiction from a boy whose love of life and of writing was corrupted by drug addiction and peer pressure . Unfortunately , the shift from the 80s to the mid-90s not only destroys any chance of any of those themes being explored , but also turns the film into nothing more than a mid-90s cautionary drug tale . The problems with the film , unfortunately , do n't even end there . Mark Wahlberg and Ernie Hudson are known for some tremendous work in the past , but their performances in this film have to be some of their worst work ever ! Mark Wahlberg is painfully one-dimensional and he manages to not even be able to do THAT right ! His performance comes off completely too over-the-top and forced to the point where you cringe at his line delivery ! This was before Boogie Nights , so at least he has an excuse , but what was Ernie Hudson thinking ??? His character comes off as the stereotypical would-be hero who has been through it all and has made something of himself . It comes off completely fake and simply too cartoonish in nature . He was very miscast in the role and he is ultimately what takes the film down even further . My absolute worst complaint , however , has to do with one particular scene . While I can not say what goes on in this scene , I will say that the way the filmmakers depicted it was far too over-the-top and extreme in it 's nature . It 's one of the most notorious scenes in the film , so I 'm sure you 've heard of it , the infamous `` bathroom stall scene '' . Yeah , the way it is handled in the film is completely gratuitous and absolutely disgusting . It is the sole reason why I refuse to outright recommend this film . Many folks will likely attack me and say `` Oh , well that 's how it really happens '' or `` Oh , well you 've never experienced what that Jim guy experienced so you do n't know what you 're talking about '' . Well , perhaps that 's true . Perhaps I have never been a prostitute , nor have I been a drug addict . However , that does not make the scene less graphic and explicit than it needed to be . It 's an absolutely disgusting and far too grotesque scene that was completely uncalled for.As it stands , I can still appreciate the film because it does some things right . I did like the moments of humor and the little scenes that ring true about growing up and being admired by your peers . However , if you have read the book you will be seriously disappointed . The film was a bit too flawed for me to really enjoy or be intrigued by . It 's a well-made film in a lot of ways , but I can not recommend the film to fans of the book . If you are a fan of the book , you will hate this film . If you 've never read it , check it out . You might like it .
 First , I will say that the positive of this film is bringing about an almost forgotten issue . However , personally knowing Amerasians and being Filipino , I ca n't help but find A LOT of misinformation in the film.One
 As MST3k is sort of show within a show within a movie -LRB- within a short for this one -RRB- format , it is better to review the parts in order to grade the episode.The Movie
 Between Gene Wilder 's overacting -LRB- as usual -RRB- and Charles Grodin 's grating self that he is , this movie keeps getting worse to me every time I see it . Kelley LeBrocke is hot ... but even she ca n't save this awful movie . Gilda Radner was about the only interesting person in this film . Sorry she had to go so early .
 This mildly amusing story is dragged down by an un-funny Gene - he just ca n't pull this one out with his usual `` dumb act . '' This flick would be a big zero if it were n't for Kelli 's looks -LRB- ... -RRB-
 aaah , now this is a bad movie one can sink ones teeth into ! possibly the nadir of gene wilders occasionally illustrious career , not to mention gilda radner , charles grodin , and joseph bologna -LRB- well , no -- he made `` blame it on rio '' -RRB- . i would say its also the nadir of kelly le brocks career , but its probably the acme as well , so ill be kind . if the movie is remembered at all today , its for that stevie wonder song that i cant remember the name of ...
 Although the surfing and localism is quite incredible , the long pleas for trying to justify the Aussie `` thug life '' that these guys lived goes a bit overboard and actually bores the audience . A little further editing could have cut at least 30 min off this movie and had the same effect , without the boring narrations and interviews . Sometimes ignorance just ca n't be justified.Coverage of the `` murder in self defense '' is the most interesting part of the film . Worth a watch , but I would doubt that this is a film most could watch twice .
 A home movie record of a few forms presented at a gathering of tai chi teachers and students . No real explanations or narration . A visual record of to remember Master Jou .
 It 's true that van Beuren studios made animation history with some of these short features . There are some astonishingly sophisticated anime effects , great colouring , and so forth , in many of the shorts . They belong on any serious collector 's shelf . But ... . for this viewer anyway , the repeated doses of nasty racism really spoiled the experience . Some of these toons should have been excerpted in van Peebles ' great documentary `` Classified X '' -- as indicators of the spirit of their times , they are pretty darn depressing.While I 'm NOT in favour of bowdlerizing or other attempts to alter history , I think it 's weird that the jacket reviewers make no mention , apologetic or otherwise , of this offensive content . If these toons offended me , a white viewer , what would their impact be on , say , a Black parent who got them for the kids to watch ? Sheesh . At least the public deserves a prominent note of warning on the box .
 I read `` American Girl '' a long time ago -LRB- and very depressing it is -RRB- , and I thought this film would give me more background on Edie Sedgwick but I was wrong . It was basically little excerpts of the book -LRB- they even copy certain poses of her photos , like after the Chelsea fire -RRB- with some made-up stuff thrown in . Sort of a riches - to - rags theme.Edie -LRB- Sienna Miller -RRB- is all happy-happy and on her way to New York to become an artist . However she attends a a party as she is wont to do and is introduced to Andy Warhol -LRB- Guy Pearce -RRB- who turns her head and puts her in movies , supposedly promising to pay her , but he never pays her . She runs up thousands in bills -LRB- but it does n't show this -RRB- , always assuming her trust fund will never run out.She meets Bob Dylan or `` the musician '' and falls madly in love and they have a soulful connection -LRB- he throws his motorcycle in the water to prove it does n't mean anything to him -RRB- . The musician wants to take her away from all the madness that is Andy Warhol 's Factory , but Edie chooses Andy instead and later -LRB- supposedly -RRB- tells an interviewer it was the worst decision she ever made . Yeah , right . Bob Dylan was already married or engaged and he was not about to step in and solve all Edie 's problems . Who could ? She throws a big fit at Andy telling him he has turned her into this mess , but later says she made all her own choices . Make up your mind , Factory Girl Edie.Her mom -LRB- who never did anything about her father trying to molest her , or so she tells her lawyer when she is begging him for money to pay her rent , in a very phony-looking move -RRB- is portrayed as a proper society matron , but in American Girl she seemed like a frumpy fraidy cow.Sometimes Miller looks almost like Edie -LRB- the dimples help -RRB- ... but sometimes she looked and sounded like Ally Sheedy in St. Elmo 's Fire . -LRB- On the cover of the DVD , she looks like a blonde Katharine Ross . -RRB- Towards the end , she starts looking and sounding a LOT like Liza Minnelli - maybe it 's the desperation.If you do n't have it , do n't buy it . I thought it would be better , and explain more about how she ended up the way she did . But there were just a few little things thrown in here and there amongst the party/drug scene.Two Stars for Guy Pearce .
 Let me start by saying that I hated this movie . I thought it was empty and indulgent , but that does n't mean I could n't have rated it higher than just two stars . The film is about Andy Warhol muse Edie Sedgewick . I knew it got some mixed but mostly poor reviews , but that does n't mean a whole lot to me . However , I also heard that Bob Dylan was threatening with legal action over the idea that his likeness in the film -LRB- credited as `` the musician '' -RRB- was in any way accountable for Edie 's tragic death . Furthermore , Lou Reed , the lead singer of the Velvet Underground , was upset with the production altogether . He called the script `` foul '' and `` disgusting '' . He is n't too far off actually , but then again I did n't live within the real life story like Reed did , so what do I know ? It really made me wonder what Nico or Andy Warhol himself might have said had they been alive today.Factory Girl covers the young socialite 's period in her life as she rises amongst the ranks of Warhol 's underground film stars and then descends to drug addiction . Sienna Miller plays Edie and really ca n't be blamed . There are flashes of solid work here for Miller and I actually give her a lot of credit for sticking to it in such a bad movie . Guy Pearce does a decent , albeit superficial , imitation of Andy Warhol . The thing is , I never respected Warhol 's work that much anyway and his followers always came off as a bit too ostentatious to me . Besides , his movies truly are the epitome of trash . I suppose there is no way to not sound offensive in saying all of that but I mention it to demonstrate my perspective going into this film . If you like and are interested in this little subculture then I am sure you may like this movie more for that.It was directed by George Hickenlooper . He directed the very goodDogtowna decade ago but has since done some pretty obscure stuff . I really ca n't tell what he was aiming for here but it is far from a successful return to the mainstream . He did a movie a few years ago calledThe Man from Elysian Fieldswhich I actually loved very much even though it was not widely acclaimed . I do n't blame Hickenlooper here because this film 's flaws do not necessarily appear directorial in nature . It is a rushed production and it is very poorly written . The writing credits are all over the place so I 'm not sure who to blame there . Something definitely went wrong though and I 'm definitely not recommending Factory Girl .
 One of the most notorious self-destructs of the last century was Edie Sedgwick , a glamorous poor-little-rich-girl whose distant pixielike beauty made her Andy Warhol 's muse.Too bad her biopic `` Factory Girl '' is basically a piece of drivelling trash , with all the depth and artistic intelligence of a `` Biography '' episode , based on the director 's massive crush on his subject . And it does n't help that the supremely untalented Sienna Miller gives Edie all the life of a block of wood.Edie Sedgwick -LRB- Sienna Miller -RRB- was an American blueblood , with vast quantities of money and a bright future . But she encountered Andy Warhol -LRB- Guy Pearse -RRB- , the pop artist who turned the art/music world on its ear , and soon she was his `` muse , '' even starring in some of the brief films that Warhol directed . For a time , she was on top of the world.But soon Edie 's inner torment began to surface , as two men began a tug-o-war with her affections -- Warhol , and the handsome young folkie Bob Dylan ... . I mean , Quinn -LRB- Hayden Christensen -RRB- . And Edie 's lover ca n't stop her from descending into a personal hell , which ultimately destroyed her.They 've been trying to drum up notice for this film by sprinkling the rumor that Christensen and Miller really had sex for the cameras . Well , the rumors are actually more interesting than the movie itself -- despite Sedgwick 's life of sex , film , glamor and drugs , `` Factory Girl '' is dull as ditchwater.Basically , it 's a love letter from director George Hickenlooper to Edie , and his unwillingness to grasp that the ruination of her life ca n't be blamed on anyone.Though Sedgwick was already on drugs and pain when she met Warhol , here she 's a pitiful waif damsel who is being fought over by handsome Dylan and the evil queeny Warhol -- who , the movie not-so-subtlely suggests , ruined her life.The whole movie feels rushed . Hickenlooper tries to include every style and bit of trivia of the period , making it feel like a clumsy cram . And the messiness extends to the story -- a tangle of flashbacks , splicing , parties , trashy glitz , and characters that flit in and out without much consequence -- not to mention the `` interviews , '' which are apparently included because the plot is too incoherent . Oy.And the actors can not bring their legendary characters to life . Miller is a screeching , histrionic creature without glamour , range or poignancy , and definitely without Edie 's beauty . Christensen is choking on his role as a thinly-veiled Bob Dylan ... oops , I meant Quinn . Guy Pearse is the only bright spot , despite the flimsiness of his character.Instead of semi-accurately portraying Sedgwick 's life , `` Factory Girl '' is a blinkered love letter , a rewriting of history in which all Sedgwick 's problems were due to Warhol . A glitzy , glamless disaster .
 Sienna Miller as Edie Sedgwick is a good start for anyone unfamiliar with Edie 's life and history , but it really does n't even scratch the surface of Edie the rocker , the masochist , or the life artist . Her days at The Factory and with Warhol were so short compared to the rest of her life , that the film leads one to believe The Factory was all that it was . Where is Edie 's disturbing childhood ? Her days with Bartle Bull or at Cambridge ? Where is there any mention of Alan Ginsberg , Nico , Jim Morrison - or even filming Ciao Manhattan ? Not even a whisper of her last years in California and her eventual downfall ? Why ca n't the audience get a truly realistic insight into Edie 's drug addiction and descent other than the standardizied version shown in the film ? Unfortunately , this bio-pic lacks a lot of important details that could help iillustrate why Edie is still such an icon even 36 years after her death , and although Sienna looks the part , she fails to truly go severly deep into the disturbingly dark , reckless , yet playful Edie that we see in film clips and photo stills . A true Edie fan will miss the epic details and lovable eccentricities and vulnerabilities that Jean Stein 's book gives so much more insight to .
 First off , Sienna Miller gives it a college try but she 's too old for the part . For most of the arc of the story in this film , Edie 's supposed to be 19-25 . No way is Sienna believable as an ingenue at this point . She 's got her accent down but lacks the luminosity and charm of the singular Mz . Sedgwick . Instead , she comes off as annoying.Granted , to recreate Edie and the era in which she reigned would be an extremely tall order for any film maker . Unfortunately , their efforts fall far short here.Siouxie , Brooklyn
 Short and sweet , because others have said it perfectly already , this film 's grasp on Edie 's story is as shallow and misguided as the average first grade student 's understanding of the American Civil War . If you are hungry for Edie , turn to Jean Stein ` sEdie
 I got this DVD ... However , your package is AWFUL when shipping . The disc was jumped off the fixed button of the case . Its surface is full of scratched ... Your package shall be wrapped more bubble paper to prevent from shaking and outer pressure .
 Awful - awful piece about nutcase -LRB- and I mean nutcase -RRB- rich girl hanging out with the king of whack - jobs - Andy Warhol . It has NO plot . Just meanders along haphazardly from one vulgar scene to another . P.U. 20 minutes and it went back in the Netflix envelope and returned . Yaawwwnnn .
 Even if you know nothing about the real Edie Sedgwick , this film is a hokey , cornball embarrassment that is difficult to decide whether the writing or directing is worse . If you DO know anything about the real girl or the world she lived in , you 'll know this film had NOTHING to do with the real Edie , Andy , their relationship , her relationship with anyone , or anything truthful whatsoever ! Where Miller does her Cockney best to play the time bomb Edie , nearly everyone else in the cast has no idea what they 're doing.To wrap it up , they forgot the little scar on her nose which was crucial to her look and character having almost died in the accident which caused it , she never had an affair with Bob Dylan , and she did NOT get raped in Beauty number 2 ! Shame on Hickenlooper , Weinstein and nearly everyone involved .
 During the first hour I nodded off several times . It was just plain boring . I do not like a movie that tries to be artsy such as scenes where it changes to snowy black & white . All in all this was just a bad movie .
 This film was disappointing in every aspect . The film was loosely based on Edie 's life , a poor outline . I recommend the Jean Stein/George Plimpton book instead . The movie glosses over Edie 's troubled family and past and simply places all blame for her destruction on Warhol and the boyfriend who was supposed to be Dylan , -LRB- a really poor represenation of Dylan at that -RRB- . According to the Stein book , Edie 's grand love affair was with Bob Neuwirth . Seems the movie got the two Bobs mixed up . That Edie was naive and not already quite sophisticated at the time is also laughable . The movie flubs Edie relationship with Chuck Wein as well . I am not sure who that actor was trying to portray . A prep school boy ? That was not Chuck Wein , and it certainly was n't Edie either . The movie savages the Warhol movies Edie stars in . I suggest again , that anyone who is interested in the real Edie try to find a viewing because she is quite compelling , hypnotizing really . And apparently much of the credit for those movies went to the Chuck Wein/Edie collaboration . Sienna Miller 's resemblance to Edie is superficial . Her portrayal is somehow flat . She does n't have Edie 's fluttery ethereal Venus in Furs quality . Instead she comes off campy and mulish . The accent is botched . From what I can see Edie changed tones and accents , as fast as could change her facial expressions . Of course the stupid dialogue does n't help , either .
 The only thing I like about this movie is Sienna Miller and Val Kilmer acting out their roles . I think it 's a shame that we have a need to immortalize someone 's sad life and drug addiction .
 I have been a huge fan of Edie Sedgwick for the last fourteen years . I was very excited when I heard that a `` real '' studio was actually going to try to make a biopic about Edie . That excitement began to wane when reports that actual Factory cohorts thought the idea of the film itself was disgusting . Turns out that the old Factory crew was spot on . This movie could n't be further from Edie 's actual life.Having poured over Edie 's classic biography -LRB- Edie
 The movie dragged and although it was based on real people , the story was hardly captivating . The main character was also hard to relate to
 Why Biopics are So Bad : Problem One
 This film is a poor portrait of the genuine article.It seems very fake . Sienna Miller is lacking the sparkling and perfectly symmetrical beauty of Edie Sedgwick , bearing no resemblance except the make-up and hairdo , mimicking Edie Sedgwick very unflatteringly.I 'm waiting fro Warhol 's `` Kitchen '' and `` beauty '' starring the real Edie Sedgwick.I highly discourage the purchase of this bland film , lacking in all respects .
 This is a movie that is a bit tricky for me to review . If you ask
 The only positive for me is that I went into this with very low expectations . A little birdie told me not to buy it or even rent it ; instead , for the first time , I borrowed a DVD from the library . I got it today ; they said I can keep it for a week -- it 's going back tomorrow.I watched it by myself , because I just had a feeling I would be embarrassed for the actors if I watched it with someone else . And I was . Sienna Miller did the best she could , probably , with a weak script and Jimmy Fallon in a laughable supporting role . The Dylan character , Quinn , made me sink into my seat , cringing , and thankful that no one else was watching.It 's a kitschy imitation of a kitschy reality , and it uses every film-making cliche in the book . There was one Edie Sedgwick , there was one Andy Warhol , there is one Bob Dylan . These people are too iconic to be portrayed by second - and third-rate actors . It seemed like kids playing dress-up . Do yourself a favor and skip this film . If you 're interested in Edie , get the Jean Stein/George Plimpton `` verbal '' biography . If you 're interested in Edie only as a fashion/style icon , there are many books full of beautiful photos . This is just a cheap -- very cheap -- imitation .
 Factory Girl is a poorly executed , poorly acted film about poor little rich girl Edie Sedgwick . The socialite/drug addict who starred in Warhol films and made a celebrity splash is portrayed by Sienna Miller , who simply does not do justice to the tragic socialite . Factory Girl is a biographical film and as such is obligated to adhere to some semblance of `` what was '' or `` how it happened '' . In this film , it does neither.Edie Sedgwick 's rise to celebrity was due to her charism and waiflike charm that drew people to her . Miller acted as if she used Liza Minelli as her role model ! The film viewer is left confused as to why anyone would want Edie Sedgwick in their life -- she is portrayed as shallow , boring , and without an ounce of sexuality , despite the R rating for nudity.Overall , the film does n't add up . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Sienna Miller 's portrayal of 60 's icon Edie Sedgwick is an embarrassment . She portrays Edie as an empty-headed twit and her affected accent is ridiculous and cloying . While Edie Sedgwick without a doubt had deep emotional problems , she was also incredibly intelligent , well-educated and articulate . To portray her as a naive dip who does nothing but search for love is over-simplication at it 's worst . The real Edie was much more complex than that . The film is highly-fictionalized as well , which only adds to it 's annoyance factor . Reveiwers who praise the film and/or Miller 's performance have no concept of Sedgwick , Warhol or The Factory . This film is a complete and utter waste of time . Additionally , the `` real '' Edie documentary -LRB- also included on this DVD -RRB- is nothing but an extended version of the end credits of the film .
 I 'm not sure Edie Sedgwick ever was well known beyond the confines of the New York underground art scene . If someone is truly a celebrity you really do n't have to do your homework . It was said she was Andy Worhol 's muse . More like his pigeon . She would do anything to be in his scene & was sucessful in that , becoming for a time , the `` It '' girl . She financed his Factory movie studio & collection of syncophants & oddball neurotics . She was rich & when she was broke & addicted , Warhol simply discarded her . She was breathtakingly beautiful as is Sienna Miller the actress who portrayed her . But that is a rather common commodity . If Edie had talent as an actress , we 'll never know . Apparently she was the inspiration for the Warhol quote
 It really is mostly just Youtube clips of girl fight and bad dancing , but some of it 's just plan funny it 's so bad . Like a cheap horror movie can be . It 's a poor man girls gone wild , but with a name like hood rats what do you expect . It would have been a 3 star if they had actually shown some girls doing stuff , but not even so much as a topless girl .
 this is junk and nothing but a bunch of crack heads doing booty shakes . There is a guy in it claiming to get a lot and yet he has to pay a crack head to have sex with him in this flick . it is stupid and makes black kids from the hoods look like morons . BARELY ANY NUDITY
 Hoped for some insight about why things are the way they are ` in the hood ' . All you get is some smart-mouthed , obnoxious , needs-to-be-taken-down-a-notch kid who totally disrespects everyone he encounters . Especially women ; color does not matter . And what 's with the ` ni ** ah this and ni ** ah that ' ? Why must African Americans refer to themselves with this moniker knowing full well it 's derogatory connotation and explosive history ? I do not hear older African Americans using this foul word - because they lived it . It is a shameful word that should not be flung about as it is by young African Americans . These young people were not around when this word was used to describe Black America . This is one word that should definitely be put to bed . Wise-up young African Americans , you want respect ? Act respectful ... especially to each other .
 I watch aye documentary that blew mi mind . Total disrespect of aye race of people . Talking about going backward . Never new how badly Afro Americans needed guidance . The director of this movie should be brought tah the movie board and be reprimanded from making other junk and the particapents of violence should be arrested .
 everyone has to start somewhere ... this is a first for them ... i hope the next will be alittle better ... as long as u learn from your first mistakes ... ya feel me ...
 I am shocked and appalled that Amazon would charge for this piece of garbage . If there were a way to get my money back , I would demand a refund . This is not a documentary as stated in the `` product review '' This is a poorly edited collection of low resolution video , probably stolen from youtube . The video is not 53 minutes long , but 38 minutes and 15 minutes of trailers and promos for other products from this person . It was beyond a waste of time . It literally hurt to have to pay for this . I agree with the above reviewer . Shame on Amazon .
 Well like the viewer above me stated this was not a documentary as stated in the description . If I wanted to see the trash in this so called Movie I would of search YouTube for it . Amazon do yourself a favor a take this terrible garbage out of here , not asking for a refund but do n't let other people waste their money on this filth and if I could I would give it 0 stars !!!!
 THIS FILM IS NOT GOOD AT ALL I AM DISAPPOINTED WITH AMAZON SHOWING A FILM WITH LITTLE KIDS ON IT IN THIS KIND OF WAY !!
 Very bad if I wanted to see bad quality video I would had looked at you tube it was poorly made just some random junk mashed together wish I could get a refund very disappointed
 video picture was not very good you could n't see fights all that good over all I just did n't like it that much I see that daily in my hood lol
 Very stupid ... . do n't waste your money ... . I love me some hood rats but not even worth viewing , waste of time . DO N'T BUY !
 What a bunch of loosers potraying the black community as negative . I would not recommend this movie to anyone . A pawn movie is better than this .
 Had no idea what this movie was about and did not watch all of it . Proves that not just anyone with a camera can make a movie .
 the dvd wasnt long docomentery on bs fights waste of my money for 5 scenes of bull i want my money back another choice of movie thank you
 Having really loved the first boxed set and waited eagerly for the next season i was totally crushed at the direction the show took.I do n't want to get into spoilers but it is a radically different show.New cast addition Danny Quinn is very annoying and how they added him to the show was silly.Anyways i really hated most of it.RIP primeval .
 I loved the first two series but by the third series they had killed off the two central characters , Nick and Douglas , and introduced an extremely irritating new character to head the team and then the series was canceled . I have grown so fed up with series being terminated that I no longer bother to watch new series . It is just too infuriating to become interested and then to find that there is no resolution .
 This was a repeat of the series box so it was returned . i was dissapointed in the fact that the series was broken up the way it was as that was very confusing when trying to buy it .
 I 'm amazed anyone would believe this movie ... TOTAL HOLLYWOOD ... the props were very unreal ... Rent it -LRB- more than a dollar like I did at BB is a waste -RRB- Watch the part where he is uncovering the `` mummified '' body ... So so fake ... And a cross on the shroud ? WHY ?????? When he looks into the camera and says `` This is real ! '' is PRICELESS . LOLPretending to be actual uncut footage ... it 's more like the Blair Witch Project but it 's really very contrived . Clue after amazing clue is uncovered right before your very eyes ! Messages in no less than four ... count them ... Four bottles with maps and clues are discovered RIGHT ON CAMERA !!! So you KNOW IT CAN '' T BE A LIE , !! Bottles an inch or two below the surface planted by a priest in fear for his very life ... WHO ACTUALLY SIGNS THE PARCHMENTS!Why not just lead people to this earth shattering find ? What a joke ... worth a really good hard laugh though ... . Peace
 Sorry , but all I can suggest for the individuals in this `` documentary '' is a good series of beginning acting classes . This is such a laughable attempt at a hoax , it almost seems like a parody . Around every turn is some mysterious , deadly presence . Strangers approach the filmmaker with unheard-of historical finds they 've never revealed to anyone else . A researcher finds not one but FOUR hidden bottles with earth-shattering evidence , buried just ever so sliiiiightly beneath a handful of dirt in a cave or underneath a rock . Within the bottles are parchments that are clearly modern-day note paper in absolutely pristine condition , spelling out all the secrets of Christianity . These ancient documents and artifacts are handled with all the care of a child rummaging through a box of Cracker Jacks . Every time an important artifact is found , the camera suddenly and inexplicably begins to move erratically and goes in and out of focus , despite being perfectly steady and clear moments before . Interviews are conducted always at night , sometimes with eerie , low-level lighting like you see in old-time horror movies . The filmmaker speaks into the camera lens in a manner reminiscent of `` The Blair With Project '' . It 's too much . It would have made a hilarious parody , if only they 'd had the presence of mind to go in that direction . Instead , it 's a dishonest attempt to cash in on the hype created by The Da Vinci Code . Just pitiful.One especially hilarious image is the filmmaker in his seat on a train , reading `` Holy Blood , Holy Grail '' , with about a hundred different colored page markers , none labeled , covering just about every inch of the book.If you 're a fan of the unintentionally funny , you 'll probably get a few pretty good laughs out of this . Beyond that , you 'll be looking for your 4 bucks and two hours of your life back .
 I 'm fond of the notion that every conspiracy theory contains a grain of truth . Indeed , the Jesus story is thoroughly misrepresented . Herein lies the ultimate irony and grain of truth . A conspiracy within and about a conspiracy , Bloodline inadvertently bumps up painfully close to the ultimate truth about the `` real Jesus '' . Wake up literals and fundamentalists ! The story of Jesus was always a grand allegorical myth . Even Saint Paul himself never referred to Jesus as a flesh and blood person or anything more or less than a synthesis and distillation of the best of hundreds of years of pagan mythology . Granted , these stories woven together are rich with lessons and morals of great value . Nonetheless , overall orthodox fundamentalism has to be regarded as the most singularly damaging conspiracy humanity has ever known.One of the most overt and damaging anthropocentric literal-isms is that humans are the `` chosen ones '' , and are obligated to take dominion over the entirety of the natural world , consuming as much and as fast as possible . The perennial famous quote from the bible is illustrative
 Recently I watched the `` feature pseudo-documentary , '' including all bonus features , Bloodline . In a nutshell the documentary presents a series of interrelated claims like the existence of Jesus ' and Mary Magdalene 's offspring ; the protection of this bloodline by the 12th century , still existing and very powerful secret society the Priory of Sion -LRB- the real mover behind the Templars -RRB- ; and its coming out of hiding through its recent grand master Pierre Plantard . Central to the story is also the Roman Catholic priest , B&eacute;renger Sauni&egrave;re , who found around the turn of the 19th century evidence of the whole lineage hidden in his church in Rennes-le-Chateau . He became subsequently very rich and left curious clues of his knowledge for later generations to find . Burgess did interviews with self-declared representatives of the Priory , Gino Sandri and Nicolas Haywood , who were so kind to corroborate many of the astounding claims . Burgess was also to meet a British Lord to receive important additional information , but the chap suspiciously died a few days before the meeting would take place . Burgess then buddies up with a British treasure-hunter , Ben Hammot , and together , following Sauni&egrave;re 's clues left in little bottles , find very suggestive evidence in a tomb close to Rennes-le-Chateau with possibly Mary Magdalene 's remains . Hammot provides some footage of the inside of the tomb , though it 's not really clear when and where the footage was taken . It has a mummy draped in something resembling a Templar tunic . They take a hair sample and have it analyzed by a professional laboratory and present the results indicating a middle-eastern origin.Before giving my own interpretation , it looks that reviews of the film range between Paul Smith 's debunking two-liner and Rob Humanick 's enthusiastic assessment . Paul Smith described the documentary as an '' -LSB- a -RSB- ssortment of pseudo-historical claims , hoax treasure discoveries and motley crew of charlatans . Totally uncritical ` documentary ' giving the doubt to the extremely ludicrous . '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- Rob Humanick stated that '' -LSB- c -RSB- oncrete or not , however , the physical evidence of his -LSB- Jesus ' -RSB- bloodline as shown here is awesomely compelling , from interviews with individuals claiming intimate knowledge on the Priory of Sion -- the organization rumored to have long protected the secrets of Jesus ' life as covered up by the Catholic Church -- to an extended exploration of a French tomb that contains what may very well be the mummified remains of Mary Magdalene . '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- There seem to be at least three ways to deal with the whole Priory of Sion / Rennes-le-Chateau / Jesus ' bloodline issue : -LRB- continued on the Alpheus.org web site -RRB-
 The kind of `` documentary '' where almost every archaeological discovery happens at night because that 's the best time to dig up artifacts and prowl around in churches . Thank god the local drunk had keys . Spookiness helps with mystery solving apparently , just ask the Scooby Doo crew . With ridiculous clues to the supposed location of the tomb of Mary Magdalene found in what looks like modern bottles and written on new looking paper with bright red ink in grammatically incorrect French , this documentary tries to be both treasure hunt and mystery . Too bad much of the data they present as facts has been debunked many times over -LRB- The Priory Of Sion -RRB- or is just plain wrong . Other discoveries do n't really add up to much , though much is made of them . So ultimately this documentary comes off not as a voyage of discovery so much as a voyage of crap undertaken by a ship of con artists and as real as the Blair Witch Project . Too bad it 's not as entertaining .
 Ordered this product on Jan 21,2011 Still have n't received the order.Please contact seller and encourage him to ensure that the book is sent .
 What a joke this `` documentary '' is . Do not waste your time ; I consider the $ 4.99 I spent on the rental to be a complete waste of money . The topic is interesting to be sure ; a studied look at it could be fascinating , but this treatment is a disgrace.The `` evidence '' is all so absurd . The shadowy conversations and trumped up imminent danger is laughable . The maze weaved together - on significant issues - is constructed from bizarre measurements and almost comical findings.Again , the subject matter is of great interest to many people , but bogus treatments of it like this one will do nothing to advance the legitimacy of any such bloodline claims ; do n't waste your time .
 I received one of those auto-generated e-mails from Amazon today suggesting titles I might be interested in - at the top of the list was `` Bloodline '' . I find it strange that Amazon is continuing to sell this title after the recent public admission by Ben Hammott that the entire tomb story was a carefully contrived hoax . I already own a copy and saw the film during its brief theatrical run . There were many , many evidential flaws in the film , and these have been explained satisfactorily by Hammott 's confession . If anyone is still looking to purchase this title , they should be aware of the fact that many of the claims are fraudulent and much of the evidence faked . And that 's according to Mr. Hammott himself , as revealed in his recent `` mea culpa '' interview on co-producer Rene Barnett 's internet radio podcast , I would post a link but Amazon wo n't allow it .
 I thought that the basis of the movie was interesting , and personally think that Jesus and Mary Magdeline could have been married , but found parts of the movie a little too convenient and after reading that `` Ben '' made up the whole tomb thing I was not shocked . While watching it I thought that it was interesting that the guy who supposedly found all these parchments and baubles at Rennes le Chateaus name was B&eacute;renger Sauni&egrave;re , because I kept on thinking that Ben finding all these bottles and clues Sauniere `` left '' was a bunch of B.S.
 Ridulous if competent attempt to catch the coat-tails of Da Vinci Code . This is plainly a hoax , fairly well-acted by the lead , the putative filmmaker . He 's oh so skeptical - as evidenced by his repeated claims that he 's skeptical . He 's not a shameless exploiter of the stupid - no - he 's Open Minded . He 's a Maverick intellectual , no less . You do n't need a PhD to make great archaeological discoveries , he insists . This , of course is true . And also , there is no license for making movies ; any crackpot or fraudster can -LRB- and does -RRB- do it.Yes , true believers - Mary Magdalene is buried in France . The Man does n't want you to know . -LRB- The Man = the Catholic Church -RRB- But you , brave truth-seeker , will go boldly , where no hoax-ster has gone before ! Yes , into her very tomb . Of course , the Man will surely suppress these astounding discoveries . But you , noble Seeker of Truth , you now HAVE THE TRUTH on film.I kind of enjoyed the wild-eyed goofballs they had playing representatives for the fabled Priory of Sion . -LRB- People , just google this . This is well-established as a hoax . -RRB- Were they in on the joke ? Or did the movie makers troll through the underbelly of the lunatic world of conspiracy theorists , to find these people - dropping hints , looking knowingly , pretending to be afraid , or to be holding back on much more information . Hungry actors , or crazies ? You be the judge - IF you have what it takes to sit through this dreck . They did go after , and get a small amount of usable footage from real scholars - not that what those PhDs said supported the silly premise of the film.So if you really want to know if Jesus was married - seriously , you should look elsewhere . Ask any real historian , who is n't on the crackpot fringe . There is not a shred of credible evidence in this `` documentary '' for anything about ancient history , and abundant evidence of hoaxing . But if you enjoy stupid for stupid 's sake - this movie may go down well with a couple of beers , and a few friends who love Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
 Documentary style trying to capitalize on the success of `` The DaVinci Code '' . If you want to spend 2 hrs being bamboozled watching this guy walk around and close-ups of his face this DVD is for you .
 Man creates documentary about the bloodline of Jesus , with compelling evidence that Jesus did not die on the cross . It sounds like a great premise . Unfortunately , the evidence is not compelling and the attempt to make it more exciting comes across somewhat overblown , like the kabuki acting in Ran -LRB- Kurosawa 's kabuki version of King Lear - great film ; this is n't -RRB- . If you have read The Da Vinci code -LRB- or saw the Tom Hank 's cliff note version - another good film -RRB- , you have an inkling of what is going on . In this film , Bruce Burgess digs deep into the world of the Priory of Sion and the mystery of B&eacute;renger Sauni&egrave;re and Rennes-le-Chteau , the village where he was a priest . If you have read the source material Dan Brown used -LRB- Margaret Starbird 's books , or Holy Blood , Holy Grail -RRB- , you are right on track.Within the first few minutes , we are thrown into a faux thriller , with unseen baddies that are apparently out to hurt , maim or kill all of the participants in the film . I say unseen as we never get a glimpse of any of the bad guys , nor does anyone associated directly with the film die . There is one person who dies of a stroke , or cerebral hemorrhage , but there is no evidence this person could have given any information or was killed due to his association with this film.The film lost me within the first few segments . Rather than state allegedly or possibly , all of the theories , no matter how out there , are stated as facts . Characters known to have perpetuated fraud are presented as persecuted visionaries . It gets a bit annoying after you realize the entire film is going to be this sort of propaganda.Where it starts to get funny is when the narrator -LRB- Bruce Burgess -RRB- starts re-enacting bits as if they were filmed as the story unfolded . You know the bits are re-enacted as no low-budget documentarian would film every time he picked up the phone , just in case his producer was calling to tell him some guys -LRB- the invisible bad guys -RRB- were coming to get him so he should stay away from his hotel . It continues to get more and more sensation as the film goes on.After tooling around Paris and London , talking to a couple of `` Priory insiders '' -LRB- both of which appear to be a marbles short -RRB- , and speculating about a possible murder by stroke , the filmmaker and his French producer finally get to Rennes-le-Chteau . In Rennes-le-Chteau , they find a local artist who takes them down to a secret room that nobody has seen -LRB- except of course anyone who has asked , according to many Rennes sites -RRB- and start to unravel the mystery that leads to the tomb.During the last half , we find a secret box that contains a stone chalice -LRB- Indy fans will be thinking `` carpenter 's cup '' -RRB- a perfume annointing jar and a variety of ancient coins . These are found in the well known `` Cave of the Magdalene '' across the valley from Rennes-le-Chteau . They are very fortunate , indeed , that no Rennes explorers were smart enough to find this.Then , it gets better . Late at night , Ben Hammot takes them down a side road and has them stand guard while he goes to film -LRB- and desecrate -RRB- the tomb . Just like any other documentarian worth his salt , Bruce says `` sure , go film that all by yourself and I will stand guard . '' Okay , so he does n't actually say that , but the film in the movie is supposedly shot by Ben , all by his lonesome.The best part of the movie , for me , is when he talks to Robert Eisenman , a well known liberal bible scholar and archaelogist . Eisenman nicely hands Bruce Burgess his head on a platter , explaining why he should not be too excited
 Things did n't seem right int his movie , so , after some research I found out that indeed the main `` archeologist '' did fake everything , fake `` mummy '' including . He apologized , and explained , but still the movie is an elaborate fraud . But entertaining , in spite of lies . This is additional commentary to my review posted before . -LRB- today is August 24 -RRB- Why I got tempted to see it in the first place ? Some documentaries can be entertaining , informative , and so on . Not this one . The evidence looks fake . The bottles strangely just above the surface of not very compacted earth , rather soft -LRB- there were supposed to be there for circa hundred years ! -RRB- , look fresh , with no discoloration on the surface , rolls inside unroll easily without breakage , and do n't hold the shape strongly as would paper rolled for such long time , etc.no discoloration or foxing on the appear , fresh looking uniform ink , bottles easily opened . All looks fake.Than curious mistakes in Latin and French by a French priest ! Was the priest semi literate in his own language and Latin he supposed to know well ? This is funny ! And all this stories about danger , etc.Oh yeah , there is deadly conspiracy to keep the secret.The mummy itself is truly strange
 Loved this movie 's ` expert . ' Now I want to watch a documentary of a zoologist explaining everything there is to know about human teeth .
 Last night I wanted to watch a science show on the topic of evolution , so I put `` evolution '' into Netflix 's search bar . The first thing that came back was Incredible Creatures That Defy Evolution
 This represents yet more creationist fantasy . There is no science used to come to their conclusions as they already have their fairy tale answer . It amazes me the lengths creationists go to limit the way their supposedly `` all powerful '' god creates .
 The color and CGI 's are excellent in this film . The location shots are great , and the attempt to capture the late 1880 's successful . However , the female character is obnoxious and certainly un - becoming in attitude , language and appearance . While this might be the 90 's , and women should be able to handle strong lead characters , this woman , who was the financial backer of the expedition , was disgusting . There have been several major cinematic attempts at this story , but this version leaves a lot to be desired .
 This was a really dissapointing remake of the great adventure story by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . It did n't really seem to follow the original novel other than the names of the lead characters . The plot and scripting are incredibly weak , it seems the editors just stopped mid-movie and rolled the credits there . The CGI dinosaurs ' appearances were impressive but their animation was very stiff . In my opinion , not worth the $ 83 it costs .
 I am extremely disappointed in the product I received . This movie does not play no matter what computer or device I tried it in . It is unreadable disc . I will not purchase from this provider again .
 It didnt have enough deaths in the film and i still dont understand how they make 6 films that are so alike and they all stink like a pile of junk .
 Viewed :8 / 12Rate
 The first one -LSB- was not very good -RSB- , and from there on they some how got the idea to make sequel after sequel until it got so blown out of proportion that it makes you want to vomit . I swear this movie is terrible , slow , boring , and pointless.If it were n't for the fact that I am very liberal with the way I view movies I would never of have picked this up . Here is the basic idea , the children form the first are grown up . In the mean time the daughter of one of the origional children returns to find her birth mother . The birth Mother is played by Nancy Allen for a whole 15 20 minutes . Issac also returns to raise hell . There is a new prophecy , the first son and the first daughter of the origional children will mate and then he who walks behind the rows will be reborn . Yes it is that dumb sounding and that 's what they made ...
 Another cheap , violent and not very suspensful sequal to Children of the Corn . I found this very painful to look at and i was very bored . What a waste of money .
 It is astonishing that a weak film like the original `` Children of the Corn '' could be followed by so many dreadful sequels , the very worst of which is this one . In desperation , the producers decided to revive the character of Isaac . The former child actor John Franklin , still short -LRB- but MUCH older -RRB- turns in one of the lousiest performances in the annals of cinema , looking a great deal like a wizened old elf , and babbling the sort of silly lines which are typical of this sort of third-rate junk . This is a horrible film , not a horror film . It 's time to plow that cornfield under , and request government subsidies ; this `` corn '' is rotten !
 The first 5 are movies that I like , but do ` nt tell anyone . Tnis one is simply awful , terrible , cheap , and boring . It did n't even have background music ! Try again .
 Where to begin , I have no clue . A talentless pool of unknown actors assemble together and do their best to act their way to an undeserved paycheck . The script was juvenile and the acting was just as bad . It is only appropriate that bad acting be accompanied by bad dialogue , do n't ya think ? There was some unintended comic relief in this messy film . Guess what folks , Isaac returns and he is a midget with a whiney voice . I almost felt bad for Isaac for having been in a coma for so many years only to survive as a silly looking buffoon . I could n't help but laugh every time poor Isaac had something philisophical to mutter . Utter nonesense and not scary one bit . The whole movie is trash . Oh geez , why do is waste my time .
 This film is one of the worst i have ever seen becaus it destroyed the series the other films was fantastic but this one i dont think no TRASH AND BURN
 MAN , I HATE THIS ! I can not take this any more . Watch the original and that is it . The original needs no sequel at all . Every sequel to the original sucks .
 I rented this movie with expectations of a follow up to children of the corn 5 -LRB- which was a decent sequel -RRB- , only to find a stupid and pointless plot . CHildren of the corn 1-3 were good movies , then 4 spoiled everything . And 5 started to reconcile the series ... but 6 just squashed it down . Do n't bother with 6 , just hope that 7 will be a more of the 1-3 type of a movie . Children of the corn 7
 This was the stupidest movie ever !
 thiz iz the first COTC that i saw , and i didnt understand it and didnt like it . first , didnt know who Isaac was . There is nothing much to say about thiz film , itz just plain boring .
 One must pity poor John Franklin . Having failed to find his niche in motion pictures , he -LRB- in apparent desperation -RRB- returns to COTC as Isaac , who awakens from a 19-year-long coma . It is also apparent that the years have not been kind to John ; though he still has the stature of a child , his visage is is that of a middle-aged man . It is also clearly evident that his acting skills have not grown either , as he awkwardly spews out some of the silliest dialogue ever concocted for the screen . However , even a skilled actor would find it nearly impossible to do much with a script as dreadful as this . The greatest mystery here is how a talented actor like Stacy Keach could have allowed himself to become involved in a project as lousy as this one . However , his character -LRB- a drunken physician -RRB- is mercifully killed off fairly early ; after watching this junk , many viewers will find themselves strongly tempted to start drinking , as well . The rest of the supporting cast are a sorry lot , with the lack of talent glaringly evident at every turn . In short , this is one of those third-rate direct-to-video ... fests which the good people in Hollywood crank out in an effort to milk an established formula for a few more bucks , with no regard for quality.As a horror film , this one is a dismal failure ; however for those who enjoy `` bad '' movies , this is a classic . Ed Wood may be long gone , but this film proves that his spirit is still around . This film is so cheap and cheesy that it evokes memories of the glory days of Poverty Row , a pure Grade-Z bomb . The most frightening thing about this film is that anyone wasted the time and -LRB- very little -RRB- money to make it .
 I am a fan of the original Children of the Corn , and for the life of me I ca n't figure out how the five sequels could be so poor , for one , and for two , so poor , and yet have so many fans . I 'm dumbfounded . This movie is terrible ! I ca n't find the words to express how truly awful this movie is.It begins with a young girl , Hannah , who is traveling back to Gatlin to find her birth mother . -LRB- Incidentally , they have the location of Gatlin all wrong -- It 's not the original town . -RRB- On the way , her car breaks down and some old man , who has absolutely nothing to do with the movie , reads her some strange passage out of the Bible , then mysteriously disappears.She gets to Gatlin , and we find that Isaac did n't die like he , well , DID in the first one , but rather has simply been in a deep coma for the last twenty-odd years . Hannah 's mere touch awakens him , of course . And here 's Isaac , once again , to wreak havoc on the sleepy little town of Gatlin as he once did before . But wait . I 'm confused ! Isaac is an adult now ... Should n't he be sacrificed to He Who Walk Behind the Rows ? Is Isaac suddenly immune to what he taught ? Also , since when did the children in the original reproduce ? Is n't that supposed to be a great sin?Well , I wo n't give any spoilers , but I will warn you
 Well , looks like I 'm about done with this . The past two viewing tend to suggest that I 'd have been better off if I 'd stopped with 4 , but then I would just spent the remainder of my life wondering what might have been . Much like in 5 , I do n't know if their is anything too terribly grating or stunningly incompetent about the film as a whole , it 's just rather uneventful and fairly dull . As you may have surmised , Isaac is back , and he 's still a jerk . This is kinda fun , but John Franklin 's mere presence is n't worth too much , and he really does n't do much of anything . Another plus is that the film is occasionally slightly atmospheric . Only occasionally , and only very slightly , but it 's somethin' . Unfortunately , CotC 666 lacks the laugh out loud hilarity of the better portions of 2 and 3 , and the slightly intriguing plot and decent gore of 4 . So , we are n't left with much . The climax is passably involving , and amusingly nonsensical , but overall it 's a long journey to nowhere . That , and where 's the killing ? This film has only got a single sexy teen , rather than a pack of them , so we have very few preliminary killings . -LRB- Well , the protagonists in the CotC films usually were n't very sexy , but you get my meaning . -RRB- A few of those would 've spiced things up substantially , but this is all we got.I had an okay time watching this , but I really ca n't think of any reason why you ought to see it unless you have some bizarre compulsion to see all the CotC films . Not that I 'd know anything about that.Grade
 No other author in recent memory has had as much consistent success selling books as Stephen King . For roughly three decades the Maine writer churned out book after book , each one selling more and more copies . He 's a world unto himself , the lucky fellow ! He 's so successful that he could throw out his pens , put away his typewriters , bury his word processor six feet under , never write another word in his life , and STILL have enough money to wallpaper the Great Wall of China five times over . In many respects , it 's Stephen King 's world and the rest of us are just living in it . But , and this is a gigantic but , an enormous number of metaphysically bad films based on his novels threaten to put a serious dent in his legacy . We all know the good ones , the ones that not only scared audiences stiff but also helped propel King 's career to even greater heights . `` Carrie '' is probably the best example , followed by `` The Shawshank Redemption '' and `` The Dead Zone . '' These are wonderful , magical films that one can watch again and again without wearying of them . Then there are the rest
 Avoid this at all costs . This is one of the worst films ever made . Absolute , dreadful -LRB- ... -RRB- . For a slasher/horror flick their 's not much killing or gore ... untilt he very end . So you have to sit through an hour and a half of hilariously confusing monologues to get to the good stuff . The sotry does n't make sense and the acting is ridiculously over the top -LRB- this is Children of the Corn part 6 , not Schindler 's List -RRB- . Watch parts 2 , 3 , and 7 ... those are fun , gory , entertaining , well made -LRB- ok 3 and 7 's FX -LRB- ... -RRB- -RRB- flicks . Avoid this film like the plague .
 This is an unfortunate one . Children of the Corn 666
 Just when you thought they were through making those stupid , boring , pointless COTC movies , they throw this one at you ! The script is stupid and a waste of time . It really does not follow the whole COTC point . In part one , when they reached a certain age , they were supposed to die . And now , however many years later , Isaac returns , as an adult , and they think nothing of it ... All I can say that is good about this movie , is Isaac 's voice is not nearly as annoying as it was in the first one . . That would be the only good point to it . Bottom line
 Before I watched the film , I already had an excellent plotline going on . First , I rumored that Isaac would return yes , and then try to gether his once followers and basically realizes that He Who Walks Behind The Rows does not exist and his talk was nothing but a bunch of lies , and rebels against his own religion . And in the end he burns the corn down and in the background Of course , it did not go that way at all . The plotline was stupid , about a girl named Hannah who wishes to know the whereabouts of her mother and goes to Gatlin . The plotline did n't make sense , the clues to find her mom went nowhere and truely the writers were probably stumped themselves , even though the clues were going to the hole , she still found out about her mother . And by our future series , we know what was going to happen to Isaac . But the plot could 've been better , dont you agree ? the whole movie should be a remake . The Gore scenes were weak and the movie felt like a boring History lecture . The only `` good '' parts of the film was in the ending where they start to kill each other off . And what was up with that old man who had nothing to do with the movie ? Seriously , people , my thought on the movie was better then this mess . It was just a movie made to burn off money . Even Stephen King could 've shaken his head at this . It simply killed off and made a bad movie out of a wonderful King talent . Too bad that King never directed or wrote the screeplay . For all I know , he could 've spiced up the film or gave it a new meaning.The acting was alright and that alone sorta `` Saved '' the film , but honestly if this was a COTC film , where the hell were the children ? Sure , I saw this odd kid but that was it . The once followers are adults and He is a teenager . For starters , Gabriel is better then that potato that I saw in COTC 3 . I 'm not trying to flame someone off , but my opinion was that this movie wasnt worth a damn !
 It does n't cover `` euthanizing your neurotic mother at her own request . '' Much like `` horror movie '' does n't remotely apply to this film , nor does the synopsis found on the website of Indican Pictures , the distribution company . I can only assume this was edited into a film half its original size at some point after all the publicity materials regarding it were released . Either that , or its own publicists did n't actually watch it.Sadly , despite decent acting and high-end cinematography , I ca n't say I blame them , thanks to the endless , meandering , impenetrable script . -LRB- Which makes it all the more terrifying that judging from the storylines described in the film 's publicity materials , it was previously meant to be twice as long . -RRB-
 I have an extended meditation here , but the bottom line is this
 Watching this movie is like being invited to join the worst sort of low life 's consorting over a dog fight in some garage on the wrong side of town ... not entertaining ... not enlightening ... just a chance to see fraud in action.Wait to watch it until you find it in the rubbish bin it was n't worth .01 and shippoing .
 Useless documentary . The Synopsis says that this dvd is a look into the life and works of Pollock?It is simply untrue . Instead it is all about some old womam who may or may not have bought a Pollock painting . Who cares ? Avoid.A total waste of time and money.Who the # $ & % Is Jackson Pollock ? -LRB- Documentary -RRB-
 I was excited to rent this DVD , but the first 10 minutes were so blatantly manipulative that I was insulted and turned it off . The audience members -LRB- obviously paid actors -RRB- were a bit much with vigorously shaking their heads , nodding , laughing in order to reinforce with Dr. Cloud was saying . Unfortunately I felt like I was being manipulated into agreeing with Dr. Cloud , and it was off-putting . I 'm disappointed .
 Well I like the many people who loved the movie `` The Secret '' decided to buy this film to find out if there was more useful information that would compliment what was taught in `` The Secret '' . But again like many other people was sadly disappointed . I did n't mind too much the cheesy production but really disliked the fake reactions by the audience who seemed to appear brainwashed at times . The whole point of `` The Secret '' was n't about spirituality but about `` The Secret '' that has been used for ages by the most successful people on the planet . Not just rich people but people like Morris Goodman and Cathy Goodman who used `` The Secret '' for healing themselves . I know alot of people who come from a Christian background felt weird about the section about money . And some felt it needed some spiritual stuff to feel less guilty about using the law of attraction for material things . Well my recommendation to those people is either read more about New Thought -LRB- which is the movement responsible for the propagation of the law of attraction and mind science -RRB- or go to a New Thought church . New Thought churches not only teach the law of attraction which is only a small part of their teachings but also teaches practical spirituality minus the dogma which I find refreshing . Which is why after watching `` The Secret '' and wanting to know more about the people who started the New Thought Movement in the early 1900 's led me to find Unity Church which is part of the New Thought Movement . There I found what I have been looking for my whole life when it comes to spirituality . There I learned about how to better my life and that of the planet minus the you 're a sinner/fire and brimstone talk which is prevalent in most Christian churches . Just positive reinforcement and love which is all we ever want . And God is love what better thing to have ?
 This is a weak attempt to put God and Religion into the wildly popular ` The Secret ' movie . The original was a stand-alone movie that worked fine on it 's own for people who may be spiritual , but are n't interested in religion and all of it 's judgements . This is a low budget movie , especially when compared with the original . I 'm not sure how they were not sued by the makers of ` The Secret , '' but it really is n't comparable anyway .
 I just finished watching this `` The Secret Things of God '' on DVD and `` The Secret '' DVD back to back . I am fairly dissapointed in this DVD , `` The Secret Things of God '' because it really felt like at times it was trying to compete with `` The Secret '' and at times it felt like some people on the DVD were belittling `` The Secret '' , even Henry Cloud . Even the DVD cover is somewhat similiar to `` The Secret 's '' cover in the lettering . I do n't think that it should have tried to compete or put down `` The Secret '' in any way even if they were trying to add `` God '' into it from a Biblical scriptural interpretation of thier own . I believe that `` God '' is more than we can know at this point and to anthropomorphise God is to make God less than what God is.Henry Cloud suggests that `` The Secret '' is `` supernatural '' or `` superstitous '' which if you know anything about quantum physics then you know this not to be true of `` The Secret '' principals . You can read about some of Lynne McTaggerts research in `` The Field '' and `` Living the Field '' and also read what Fred Alan Wolf Ph.D have to say as well as William Tiller and others.It looks like lots of people gave the book version 5 stars and that is one of the reasons why I wanted to see this DVD in the first place.I also heard the radio commercial for it and it peaked my interest in it . So I rented the DVD . I really hope that the book is really worth 5 stars . Some of the reasons that I gave this DVD only 2 stars is because , first off , the audience made me feel like they were trying to sell me something like on a cheesy infomercial with some of the audience noding their heads or body jestures or over emoted manerisms and smiles . That is a real turn off for me , maybe not for some , but for me ! I think it would have been better off not having audience members on camera doing these reactions that seemed artificial and overdone in some.Then to make referneces and suggestions to `` The Secret '' as if everything was all about money and non-important issues only , was deceiving . I found that `` The Secret '' has some highly usefull meaning for other issues , as well as money , like the case where the woman had breast cancer and made a full recovery without chemotherapy or radiation and the man who survived a plane crash who the DR 's said he would always be on a ventilator and never breath on his own or walk.I am fairly sure that there was no mention about tithing as I recall on this `` The Secret Things of God '' , which I think is important when we want to recieve , we also need to give , whether monitarily or in service to others or the planet . I really think that is a missing link in manifesting what you want in your life . I do n't recall `` The Secret '' mentioning tithing either , so that is something that I would add to both movies . Also `` The Secret things of God '' needed to pay a lot more attention to gratitude . There was very little of that as I recall in the movie version , maybe in the book version perhaps ? I do n't know . `` The Secret '' mentions gratitude quite a bit . I think that `` The Secret '' gave more principals for me that are usable . When I was overcoming severe illness about 9 years ago , someone from a Church gave me instructions on how to change things in my life and they do n't resemble much of what this DVD has to offer , sorry to say . Looking back the principals I was given match more closely to what I would later watch on `` The Secret '' DVD . I nearly died and was in a desparate place in my life those many years ago . I have seen things manifest for myself and my family that would seem unbelievable but now that I know the principals of manifestating , I realize how things changed for the better and this does n't leave out God at all . It includes God as my love and devotion for God is strong ! I believe this is how God works and using the principals of `` The Secret '' aligns yourself with how God works.The power of visualizing is huge and not unimportant as it seems Henry Cloud would suggest . Read about Bruce Jenner and how he won the Olympics ! He visualized himself for 4 years with the Gold medal ! There are many others like this ! `` The Secret '' offers many inspirational testimonials and I am really glad to own this on DVD `` The Secret '' for my home DVD library . I have both editions . There is an extended version of `` The Secret '' as well.If you rely on this DVD alone `` The Secret Things of God '' , and missout on `` The Secret '' , you will really miss some of the basic principals of what I think God intends for us all ! I am not saying do not watch this DVD , but I am glad that I only rented it and did n't buy it . It felt more like counseling more than providing anything else on this subject , and it really did n't fulfill what I have experienced in what God has helped me manifest . I would recommend the book `` Write it Down , Make it Happen '' as well . There is so much more out there on this subject and I would look into them as well . Also reading material on Quantum Physics will help fill in some blanks into what seems `` supernatural '' but really is n't . I hope the book `` The Secret Things of God '' is better than the DVD with all of the 5 star ratings it received . The DVD does n't inspire me to read the book though . I wished I could have given this movie a five stars , but I could n't . I was very excited to find it in my mail box , I thought I was going to want my husband to watch it , but I am now ready to return it already.I was also put off by Christina Ferari talking about her daughter comparing her to how Linda Blair 's head spun around on the movie `` The Exorcist '' , at the mention of God . I wonder if Christina attracted her daughters behavior perhaps by constant worry , as worry is an attractor as well for exactly what you do n't want sometimes . Plus if you try to force someone especially children into `` Christianity '' or some form of `` Faith '' you usually turn them away from it . That is what happened to my husband as his father is a Minister . Sounds like Christina 's daughter is doing very well now and I am glad to hear that.Overall , only 2 stars for this movie .
 After I read other people 's review , I decided to borrow the DVD from our local library.I totally agree with the other reviewers about the artificial and contrived responses from the `` audience '' . Having already adjusted my expectation about the audience in the DVD , I was still so distracted . The response from the audience was not just completely staged but ridiculous . Why did the producer think that this was necessary when Dr. Henry Cloud 's content and delivery was good enough to make the intended impact?With that being said , I have no intention of showing this at our small group . Maybe I can just do the audio track only . And given that I do like the content , I think that the book should be very good.Here is the notes I took from watching the DVD : Trust * is the key to other secrets * is to be open to the possibility of God * is a muscle that needs to be used * is a synonym to FaithThe secret things of God are in these four areas of our lives
 This movie is not recommended . I had to drink beer in order to get through it . Again , I would not recommend this movie !
 I watched it once on cd . I like the story , but after that , the cd got corrupted , so I could n't continue watching it . So I downloaded it for a cheaper price .
 I wanted to really like this documentary , but I did n't , and even felt a bit uncomfortable at times . I felt that some events they were using to show God 's love & faith , were a bit of a stretch . I 'm not saying that I doubt God 's love by any means , and I 'm not saying I do n't have faith , because I do . But ... some of the examples used I did not think were strong enough to reach a `` faithless '' audience . I know the producer -LRB- s -RRB- meant well , but this was not as good as I thought it would be . I appreciated the honesty in the filming though , -LRB- like when they were at a witch festival & not getting immediate results with passers-by -RRB- . I have to say that I have seen better `` documentaries '' of this sort on Christian cable networks . I can appreciate this effort though & do n't think it is a total fail . I encourage you to watch it & make your own opinion .
 This film documents the religious zeitgeist of a particular perspective and the travels to different parts of the country and world to attempt to find some sort of religious unity . Obviously the content of this film will appeal to a certain population , largely those who share a similar mindset as the film 's creators , I was rather unimpressed . The format was easily digested , but entirely too self-assured of some profundity of an underlying message of religious unity between cultures . To me , this ended up coming across as an acrimonious thinly veiled judgment of anyone who was n't a bible-thumping proselytizer and it left a bad taste in my mouth .
 Eighty-eight consecutive 5-star reviews!Come on people , not even a nudge from your God-given critical thinking faculties ? Not even a minor production , cinematography or narrative flaw?Be honest , you all live in the same compound , right ?
 Watched trailer on YouTube and looked this movie up under foreign films , which gives no real description of the movie . The trailer did make me curious to find out more , but there should be a big cross on the cover for Christian movie .
 It tries to be funny - it is n't ! It tries to be gory - it 's not!As a fan of the last film this was incredibly disappointing . I wish I could `` unwatch '' it , it 's THAT bad -LRB- and FYI it 's only an hour and 10 mins . long -RRB- . I do n't mind campy if it 's done well but ... I could go on and on , you get the idea .
 Absolutely terrible !!! The acting was so bad . More for teenager getting their first glimpse of breast . Plenty of fake breast and sex scenes but other than that it 's made for ignorant folks .
 Lacking the serousness and realism the first one had . Too many female cliches ' that the real world just does n't tolerate . For example
 This is by far the worst movie I have ever watched . it is not scary at all and deceptively perverted . It is so twisted that it is disguising . My hopes are that no underage children will watch this because it will mess up their brain and contribute to our already dysfunctional American society . Do people even think before they make such a movie ? I would be extremely embarrassed to even act in it . Outraging !
 They really should let us give movies zero stars , if there ever was a movie deserving o a zero rating it would be this craptacular movie . Was this suppose to be a parody or a sequel ??? A good movie for horny teenage boys who want to see Boobs , boobs , and more boobs !!!
 I would agree with another reviewer here -- I paid $ 1.20 to rent and I was robbed . Dont waste your time with this piece of crap.I liked the first Piranha 3D . It was fun , gory and not to be taken seriously . This one . . well , it 's another example of when Hollywood no-talents -LRB- writers , directors , producers I 'm talking to YOU -RRB- need a paycheck there is no level to which they will not sink to . Somebody related to somebody else who is friends with so and so has a few bucks . Let 's make a SEQUEL !!! Stupid `` jokes '' . Dumb scenes wasting the few B list actors present . Decent production values but anyone with a computer can do that nowadays . Lots of crappy rock music and scenes of topless chicks . Late in movie crowd in pool attacked by piranha but far far less than the pandemonium that occurred in the first movie attack scenes.Absolute , total , pitiful , boring , mindless , uninspired dreck . I suggest sending your nasal pickings to the writers courtesy of the film studio attached to this horrible , unwatchable thing .
 I bought this to use on my new 3D tv -- the 3D effects were good . However , the story line leaves a lot to be desired . I would not recommend this movie it is a poor sequel to Piranha .
 I basically bought it for the nudity and there was n't nearly enough to make it worth buying or renting . SUCKED !!
 I would give the movie a no star . I WOULD NOT RENT THIS MOVIE unless boobs and stupidity is your cup of tea .
 i did n't expect this film to be better than Aja 's Piranha , but this lackluster follow up should kill off the toothy fish for good . Setting the big final scene is a waterpark was a big mistake , as all people had to do was get out of the pool . Director Gulager did n't even try to do anything interesting with the moment , except to throw a bunch of body parts in the water . Uninspired on all counts , not even a good time waster on a rainy Saturday .
 Try as I might , I could n't find a 3DD showing of this film , but did find it locally in just plain old 3D -LRB- which by the way , stinks -RRB- . The movie is a sequel to the fun Piranha 3D from 2010 which I thoroughly enjoyed . It was n't Oscar worthy but it was acted well , had some scary moments , plenty of over-the-toplessness and was pretty funny . Not to be confused with filet mignon , it was still a darn good cheeseburger .3 DD opens with grad student Maddy -LRB- Danielle Panabaker , `` The Crazies '' -RRB- arguing with her now widowed step-father -LRB- David Koechner , who seemingly tries to play his role dramatically -RRB- about the future of their inherited water park . Mandy , a 49 % owner wants it to continue to be family friendly . Chet -LRB- Koechner -RRB- has the great idea to make it an adult strip club located within the water park . Chet wins the battle.The film is set in the progressive state of Arizona so we are easily convinced that it was no problem getting approval for families with young kids to come in the same gates as horny voyeurs . Not to worry however as there is a fence that apparently separates the family friendly environment from full frontal nudity and pole dancing . The 48 '' rule applies . That 's how tall you must be to see over the fence and the pre-adolescent boys take advantage . Those boys also have an advantage over the audience however as director John Gulager only lingers a couple nano-seconds when it comes to bare skin before moving on to the next shot . Hey , the movie 's only 82 minutes . Got ta hurry.But , this is a movie about deadly fish right ? This particular water park would seem to be isolated from the now abandon lake nearby where all the piranha did their dirty work . Thanks to good old Chet who had sunk a deep water well near the park -LRB- where 's that regulation Arizona ? -RRB- , the still viable fish eggs have their chance to hatch ... and of course they do -LRB- thanks to Gary Busey -RRB- . The well gives the quick growing meat eaters direct entry to the fresh water pools.Piranha 3DD also teaches us a lesson about anatomy . I did n't know that a small fish could enter a woman 's naughty parts -LRB- in this case , nubile virgin Katrina Bowden -RRB- , then grow a bit with nothing more than the woman having a stomach ache . But wait . Shelby the virgin -LRB- Bowden -RRB- decides that it must be time for her to abandon her `` V '' status with her boyfriend . He of course is game but gets a climax he was n't expecting ! I know this all sounds fun but it actually is very boring and uneven . 3DD is missing all those things its predecessor had going for it .
 I regret paying 5 dollars on this movie ... Does not worth it ... Not good as action , horror or even porn movie .
 There is a great movie to be made about terror at a Water Park , but this is surely not it .
 An absolute waste of time , rather stupid . The pervious Piranha movie far better in comparison . Do n't buy it . Save your money guys .
 After having thoroughly enjoyed the campy , over the top goodness of the first movie -LRB- Piranha 3D -RRB- I had high hopes for the sequel . Piranha 3DD lacked the humor , story , and acting that made the first one a gem . I feel fortunate that I did n't pay good money to see this in the theater .
 when they show a woman with a pair of dd s n in a polka dot satin bikini should say this is a xxx movie or a xxx parody movie so dont waist ur time n money on this product
 I enjoyed the first . It was dumb , senseless fun . This feels like a straight to DVD sequel so I guess it makes sense that it was released worldwide video on demand instead of theaters . The scenes all feel rushed . You will notice several editing mistakes between scenes and none of them ever have a chance to take hold . The trailer really did show the best parts of the movie . I really did give this one a chance in hopes for another ridiculous gory hour and a half but it did n't do it for me . It is n't one of those so bad it 's good movies either . It 's just bad . Leaves you feeling nothing , frankly . Usually when watching horror movies like this you leave laughing or shaking your head at the craziness . The characters had no clever lines nor interesting subplots . The main character being the piranhas did n't even have much time to shine . Most of the shots were of a shadowy school of them in a muddy lake . Zero tension.Oh well . Watch it if you do n't believe me.I would however wait for the HD or 3D version though . This streams in 480p . I assume they released VOD instead of theaters because someone released it would tank on the big screen . So good call there . At least this way people will pay out of sheer curiousity.This could have been great !
 You know going into a movie like this it wo n't be Oscar-caliber , but you at least expect a Hollywood production . This was barely that . Danielle Panabaker is smoking hot , and an enjoyable actress , but this film is 50,000 ft beneath her ! I loved the remake of Friday the 13th , so I figured this sequel would be up to her standards . Nope . It was terrible , and like so many Hollywood films these days , it could have been SO MUCH MORE !
 Most horrible 3d , bluray sequel I have purchased . Definitely not worth it even if it was free ... Horrible in every aspect ...
 As my title said `` horrible '' Ving Rhames and Christopher Lloyd returns in minor roles the only part I liked is when Rhames has the shotgun legs and when I first thought Gary Busey would have a big part but no -LRB- SPOILER !!! he is eaten at the very begining -RRB- this is a definite insult to the franchise .
 what is there to say the first one was pretty good this one is disasterous all this movie is is the utmost cheesiest worst acting softcore film ever
 ... to make up stories about how the actors were forced to be in this bilge.I figure for Hass and Gary Busey , it 's probably a community service sentence.Someone obviously has some naked pictures of Danielle Panabaker she does n't want getting out.Christopher Lloyd has not been playing a mad scientist ... he really must be mad.David Koechner 's unemployment checks must have run out.Not sure about the rest , but if someone told me waterboards were involved , I 'd believe it.The firstPiranhawas a full-on blast . Scary enough , but also entertaining and funny . The Richard Dreyfus cameo was classic , and the nude swimming scene , while out of place in a campy horror movie , was gorgeous . It managed to have a great sense of fun , but also a dedication to professional story-telling . Dubby-dees here replaces all that with crass and uninventive nudity , too much severed penis -LRB- the one in the first movie had just the right amount of screen time -RRB- , mirthless humor , shopworn tropes ... I mean , no wonder this one never had a theatrical release . It barely deserves a DVD or streaming release.And what makes that a damned shame is that the premise has actual potential , and the actors -LRB- excluding Hasselhoff who is to acting what this reviewer is to Roger Ebert -RRB- are all quite capable , and the movie had a big enough budget to pull off something diverting . This was a paycheck , period . And no greater proof of that need exist than the `` outtakes '' that follow the movie . When people are really having fun with something , sincere , uninhibited high jinks ensue . The outtakes from DD are just as canned and cliched and pointless as the movie itself was.I rented it for $ 1.20 . I was robbed .
 I watched the first movie and it was okay . This second movie was n't even okay , it felt like a B movie . The storyline connected with the first movie and did more than I expected.The characters they had did n't matter to me because there was no character development . You just know which one is which , and they do n't go any further then that . Cop , amusement park Owner , amusement park Owner ' daughter , amusement park Worker , and so on.This movie did not do so good because instead of doing what a good movie does with storyline , character development , movie direction , etc - this movie just throws a whole lot of BIG BOOBS at the viewers . That 's what a B movie would do as well . All they do is have a lot of boobs shots and this movie is no different at it.The special effects were as good as the first one . But , they did not use that much and the Piranha did not even show up as many times as the first.People that really liked the first and how it was done would HATE this one . People that just want to see big boobs would love this . I do not recommend this movie as a buy and only a rent .
 I 'm actually in shock that anyone gave this movie a thumbs up . It is a complete disapointment to the recent remake . From start to finish each scene -LRB- especially the finale -RRB- is a constant good set up that just leaves you expecting more . Time after time it is just a complete let down . This movie will surely go down as the movie that could have been . You would have more fun buying a piranha puppet and going to a local pool to scare small children . If you really must see this movie I seriously suggest waiting till it hits cable or maybe get it through netflix or other prepaid service , cause In my opinion you 'll be sorry if you spend your money on it .
 I rented this movie because the first one was mildly amusing though . No where as good as the original . However , this one was a complete waste of money and I regret renting it because I will never get that hour an a half of my life back . I would compare this movie to a cheap porn except without the sex . The acting was that bad .
 JUST AWFUL ! It 's a grade Z movie , the 3D content is only marginal . and even the pretty girls ca n't save this one .
 The 3D disc would not play , error message
 This film , if I can even call it a film , is so ... completely stupid . I planned on buying it , just for the 3D and just to add it to the collection . As if you could n't already tell from the title that this would be stupid . But , I felt why not give it try and paying $ 5 thanks to Walmart for miss marking it , seemed like I had nothing to really lose.They tried to be funny , was n't funny . They tried to make it scary , it was n't . The saddest part is you would think from the title that there would naked girls running all over the place . To be honest there were , but there was more in the first than this . And this is coming from a gay man , a movie with DD in the title you would expect something more ... DD.The acting , was worst than anything I have ever seen . I would have turned off the movie during that part when the cop from the first was fighting with that ugly guy that was driving the party boat from the first . Then ... `` Bring me my legs '' ... he has shotguns for legs , that seem to have unlimited ammo.I always thought , that if there were to be a sequel to the first that they would some what follow the sequel to the original . Flying Piranhas , sure it would be kind of stupid , but nothing like this.I would say , Redbox this movie if you have to see this . Unless you can get it below $ 10 for 3D , $ 5 for just blu ray ... $ 1 for DVD . I would n't buy it .
 The 3D disco is w/out subtitular , a parte que la pel&iacute;cula es lo peor que he visto , es una comedia mala
 Do n't even think about buying this . Quite ossibly one of the worst creations mankind has ever been able to make .
 Piranha 3DD is a spectacular failure on almost all accounts . The director who 's credentials include all the Feast movies ca n't maintain one good scene to save his life , every scene is an underwhelming void of entertainment . I do n't even know where to start with this turd , but seriously , how do you f *** up Piranha 's in a water park ? That 's like the easiest formula for cheap entertainment.-The Story
 Parody requires intelligence and a reason for it 's existence that enhances the original parodied source . Outside of boobs -LRB- for those few on Earth to not know them if they saw them -RRB- this movie was so bad -LRB- script , acting , filming , CGI -RRB- that it set a near personal record for fast forwarding so I could still retain important time for living e.g. digging a hole in the ground to immediately fill it back up .
 Speaking as a fan of writer/director/producer Alexandre Aja , it is n't surprising to be one of the few who stand up for the `` Piranha '' remake . It was more or less as campy as everyone expected and the storyline was ridiculous , but the cast was pretty decent . The special effects were the crown jewel though . While the 3D effects were weak and the computer generated stuff was n't so great , the practical effects were top notch . The gore was so good and it made a cheesy remake just a little bit better than it should have been . `` Feast '' director John Gulager replaces Aja for `` Piranha DD , '' -LRB- the movie drops the 3 from its title on the regular Blu-ray and DVD -RRB- the production budget is about a fifth of what it was for the remake , and the cast is mostly filled with unfamiliar faces and washed up stars . Judging by the title and tag line alone , everything is doubled for the sequel . But as you can probably imagine everything goes even more downhill in comparison to the remake , as well . The campiness is magnified 100 % and the sequel takes no shame in showcasing nothing but large , fake breasts . All obvious statements that should n't be considered bad if utilized properly , but `` Piranha DD '' does n't exactly blend them together to make a worthwhile concoction.The 3D effects are atrocious ; just bulky and blobby CG that looks like it was sloppily thrown together in minutes . The special effects in general take a huge nose dive from `` Piranha . '' The water park sequence tries to recreate the beach mayhem from the remake relocated at a water park and it just fails horribly . The ratio of practical effects to computer generated ones in `` Piranha DD '' is probably somewhere around 25/75 and it just feels cheap because of it.When the piranhas are n't CG , the fish props look way too big . They 're watermelon sized on land , but are small enough to swim up someone 's genitalia in the water ? In the meantime , the fish are pulling off completely impossible feats like breaking through grates , sheets of metal , and the concrete walls of pools . The result is something that is neither terrifying nor entertaining and is more along the lines of a movie seen on SyFy except without the boundaries of being restricted to cable.If the horrible fish were n't enough , the people are even worse . It 's sad when the most enjoyable character in a movie is David Hasselhoff portraying a more exaggerated version of himself . Garey Busey shows up long enough to get farted on by a dead cow . Paul Scheer , Ving Rhames , and Christopher Lloyd return from the remake . Lloyd is the only one who makes himself useful . Meanwhile , Rhames does his best Cherry Darling impression and Scheer just kind of complains about everything.David Koechner is probably the most enjoyable of the new faces and that 's mostly due to him playing his role way more seriously than he should . This is probably the least ridiculous and over the top that he 's ever been . As for the younger parts of the cast , they 're nothing but bait with lines . When they 're not jumping in puke for no reason at all , humping pool jets , or being completely incapable of properly running off of a dock , they 're having some of the worst sex to ever be featured in a horror movie . What transpires between Josh -LRB- Jean-Luc Bilodeau -RRB- and Shelby -LRB- Katrina Bowden -RRB- is so utterly asinine ; especially Shelby 's last line . The sex scene in the van is n't much better . `` Piranha DD '' is listed as having an 83-minute runtime , but it 's more like 70 and is still difficult to swallow given its short length . You could at least find a few things to compliment in the remake . With `` Piranha DD , '' it essentially has nothing to make viewing this feature worthwhile . The cast is awful , the screenplay is unbearable , and the special effects are laughable . Even the ending makes it seem like everyone who made this hates its core audience . `` Here 's this crap ending . Yeah , the movie bombed and everyone hated it but we 're going to make another one anyway ! `` You know what you 're getting with `` Piranha DD . '' It does not offer anything that you would n't discover at face value or by watching the trailer . You know it 's going to be nothing but naked women and gore . But when the gore does n't deliver and nudity is all you have to fall back on , then you might as well just watch porn since you know you 'll at least walk away from that with a spring in your step . `` Piranha DD '' will have you wanting to throw in `` Jaws '' just to wash off its stench and get the last remaining bloodthirsty and carnivorous fish out of your brain.Special features include Commentary with Director John Gulager , Producer Joel Soisson , and Co-Writer Marcus Dunstan , three Deleted Scenes , The Story Behind the DD -LRB- just shy of 8 minutes in length -RRB- , The Hofftastic World of David Hasselhoff -LRB- around 2 minutes -RRB- , Busey 's Bloopers -LRB- also 2 minutes -RRB- , Wet and Wild with David Koechner -LRB- about a minute and a half -RRB- , and `` A Lesson with John McEnroe '' - A Dimension Short Film -LRB- about 4 minutes -RRB- . `` Piranha DD '' is now available as a single disc DVD and three disc combo -LRB- Blu-Ray 3D , Blu-ray , DVD + digital copy -RRB- . It 's rated R for sequences of strong bloody horror violence and gore , graphic nudity , sexual content , language , and some drug use . The movie is presented in widescreen with a 1.78:1 aspect ratio with 5.1 DTSHD-MA -LRB- Blu-ray -RRB- and Dolby Digital 5.1 -LRB- DVD -RRB- sound . Subtitles are available in both English and Spanish .
 The first Piranha was a good movie ... cheesey but entertaining . Piranha DD was a way for the producers , etc to show as many boobs as they could and attempt to make the movie both scary and sexy at the same time ... in my opinion they failed ! And what is with the children getting killed ?! How tasteless and tacky do you have to be to put into a movie a little girl being run over by a golf cart and ending a movie with a young boy getting his head eaten off ? Just like all the reality shows , Hollywood will do anything to make a buck .
 2010 's Piranha 3D was a shockingly entertaining remake that was enjoyable trash on every single level . With the wonderfully Piranha 3DD , we 've got a somewhat entertaining , yet pretty awful sequel . This time around , a year after the events of the first film , an Arizona water park -LRB- run by a delightfully depraved David Koechner -RRB- gets overrun with the titular fish beasts . That 's pretty much it in a nutshell , luckily the crew of actors involved -LRB- including Danielle Panabaker , Katrina Bowden , Matt Bush , and the returning Ving Rhames and Christopher Lloyd -RRB- throw themselves into the proceedings with reckless abandon . David Hasselhoff provides some hilarious moments as himself , which in itself becomes a joke that just goes on for way too long , all of which is captured by director John Gulager -LRB- Feast -RRB- who comes off with some solid moments that are sadly overshadowed by too many cheap scare tactics and some truly awful CGI and green screen effects . All in all , Piranha 3DD is n't the worst piece of trash you 'll come across , but it is n't nearly as enjoyable as the first film .
 I knew going into it that it was a mindless gore movie , but with that in mind , this did n't deliver , or at least what it did was over the top ridiculous . The story was choppy , the gore minimal and pretty much consisted of the last 15 minutes . they totally ripped off Teeth at one part . All in all , a total bust compared to the first Piranha . The only thing that has any redeeming value are the hot girls , but even then it does n't do much . NOT WORTH IT.Terrible . I 'd rate this a `` Instant stream '' or a `` torrent '' . Dont waste a lot of money on it .
 I enjoyed the first movie ... well other then the bad CGI fish . For the most part it was fun . This movie however just lacked EVERYTHING the first movie was fun for . Except for the fact the fish actually looked sorta decent in this one.Piranha 3DD is about the same batch of Piranha 's that struck in the last movie . Except these can eat through things and are apparently attracted to the smell of chlorine . Because of this and the greedy actions of one man they end up getting into the water supply at a local water park . The water park is run by Maddy and her stepfather , Chet . Maddy is only back for summer vacation and discovers he 's changed her family 's water park into an adult pool party . Well , partly at least . He 's hired a ton of babes for lifeguards . And he 's opened an adult 's only area of the park where people can drink , be nude and just get wet and wild . Due to this `` Adult Pool '' area of the water park , I fully expected most of the movie to take place in that area as they actually could have done a lot with it . Tons of sex , tons of nudity and comedy , but they did n't go that route . In fact , there was about 7 minutes of that area and the rest was all regular swimmers at the main pool.While the production values and concept were n't that bad , I was looking for more of the same formula that the first movie brought - Great gore , a little comedy and nudity . I did n't feel this movie really delivered on what I was expecting , and I wo n't bother watching it again .
 A very strange movie , it claims to be a comedy but it has the patchwork feel of something made by a committee who could n't agree on anything . Some of the scenes are shot and edited like a frenzied music video ; some scenes are dead slow with few edits looking like castoffs they did n't know how to fit in . Either they did n't know what they wanted to achieve in the first place , or the filmmakers were so inept that this was the best they could come up with . It 's scattershot to say the least ; with humor ranging from lame to massive displays of appallingly bad taste -LRB- the decapitation of a child for laughs -RRB- . Most of it just felt sleazy and desperate , the work of puerile minds . Things only got worse once David Hasselhoff showed up and just would n't go away -LRB- I thought he 'd never leave -RRB- . As a Jaws spoof , this was a subpar retread offering nothing new . As a sequel to Piranha 3D , it failed on every level . If they were hoping to start a franchise , they definitely picked the wrong team to helm the second in what looks like a very short series.There 's no way I 'd ever want to watch this movie again ; not a keeper .
 and away from this movie . Unless you like terrible horror movies . I knew what I was getting into with movie but still had to give it a chance . the first film was also ridiculous but was fun and had some decent moments . This was nothing more then beautiful very well endowed women bouncing around , If you were to combine any after midnight cinemax movie with a syfy channel original you have piranha 3dd . There were not even that many scenes with the piranhas.I am giving this 2 stars only because of the very fun/funny performance of Mr David Hasselhoff , if the hoff ever made a movie with Bruce Cambell I would be the first to watch.overall a subpar B movie that tries to get by on T&A ; and ultimately comes up short
 What a disappointment . Actually , I did n't think Aja 's Piranha held a candle to Joe Dante 's original , anyway . However , it was at least a visceral , gory blast with lots of great eye candy . In this more-of-the-same sequel , there is less of everything . Less fun , less gore , less tongue-in-cheek comedy , less professionalism on the parts of the writer and director . What you get in this sequel is a bunch of pointless cameos , cartoonish direction , too-goofy comedy and less creative gore . Not to mention some less-than-inspired acting . It 's no wonder this only got dumped into a handful of theaters before ending up on disc . However , if you 're looking for mindless fun on the level of a SyFy channel movie -LRB- with a bigger budget -RRB- , then you 'll probably enjoy this undemanding junk . Not too bad for a beer-drinking time-killer . You be the judge .
 I grew up watching the original tv flintstones and series was better . This movie cartoon is so dumb I forced myself to finish watching it . DVD was cheap so it does ` nt matter .
 Hey Kevin E. Miller , you may answer Bernard Kuszak and my question . Why did they pull this movie back off the shelves ? Maybe someone important also did n't like what Warner Brothers did and there might be an argument going on about it . Kevin , I have a VHS copy of `` The Man Called Flintstone '' that show Wilma Flintstone in the Columbia Picture 's Logo so you are right . Because of that simple little change somebody on the top probably complain . I am only speculating here so do not quote me . Whatever the reason is I will be happy when WB or Columbia Pictures release this film on DVD . I gave this one star for the same reason Bernard gave it a two stars .
 This was released pretty much after the 6th and final season closed . The movie was pretty much where the families Flintstone and Rubble go on a European Vacation , and end up getting into trouble with enemy spies , and other hi-jinks . The movie itself is very boring , and the songs used were terrible ; especially the one `` When I Grow Up '' ; the one where Pebbles sings . For a half hour show it was classic , but they stretched things too far when they released a almost 90 minute movie . Stick with the series from 1960-1966 ; anything else will be cheap , and horrible .
 Warner Brothers has run into many legal snags in getting this movie to DVD home video .1 -RRB- There are many songs in the movie that Warner does not own the rights to . When the movie was released to theaters it was a Columbia Picture and ColGems was their music rights division .2 -RRB- Apparently Hanna Barbera did not own all rights to this movie and their first movie `` HEY THERE IT 'S YOGI BEAR '' , they were partnered with Columbia Pictures . When Turner Entertainment bought Hanna Barbera they did not get clear rights to these Hanna Barbera Movies . Therefore when Turner sold his library to Warner Brothers , Warner did n't get clear rights to these Hanna Barbera Movies .3 -RRB- Yes , the DVDs were produced -LRB- without the Wilma Flintstone Columbia Logo -RRB- and withdrawn .4 -RRB- Warner will not give out any more information to be posted on the web , but the legal issues do not stop here .5 -RRB- The legal problems are so bad that YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SEE `` THE MAN CALLED FLINTSTONE '' ON TELEVISION EITHER!Keep those old VHS tapes & Laserdiscs in good shape , that is all you will have for some time until some agreements are reached .
 Nothing makes me madder except the idiots on the road that do n't know where they are going or how they 're getting there . But what the heck is going on when they say that they 're going to release a movie way back in October of 2004 and then keep pushing it back to the point of not releasing it at all until they decide . I mean what could they possibly be using as an excuse for holding it back . I just do n't understand why it is so difficult to take the old movies that are truly great and classics and even if they are n't , and put them on a disc to sell . I mean all the information can be uploaded to a computer to just download it or print it onto a disc whenever they want . There is no worry about having to keep the film in a special room or even need to reproduce it a certain way in order to preserve it . Once you have it onto the computer it stays in the same wonderful format you put it in when you first decided to install it to the computer . They should be able to download every movie ever made and download it to a computer -LRB- it may have to be a big computer , but what the hell it will bring you lots of profits -RRB- and then reproduce the movie to a disc whenever anyone needs it . This way you 'll be able to produce even just one disc if that 's all that is being requested , and not cost you any special money to have to mass produce it just to make a buck.Am I the only one that can see this possibility .
 These women may be competent and interesting , but you 'll never know it from watching this . They play at being California girls giggling and mugging for the camera . They come off as incompetent ditzes . They go out on the road , confuse and manipulate some genuine old dudes , buy some random junk they are more interested in for what it looks like than for what it was , throw out some half formed ideas on how to transform it , dump everything on an already -LRB- after one episode -RRB- long-suffering third partner who is expected to turn it into something sellable . He 's the real hero of the show . Plus one star for Alan.Mike and Frank -LRB- American Pickers -RRB- are the real thing . These girls come off as annoying poseurs .
 Between Gene Wilder 's overacting -LRB- as usual -RRB- and Charles Grodin 's grating self that he is , this movie keeps getting worse to me every time I see it . Kelley LeBrocke is hot ... but even she ca n't save this awful movie . Gilda Radner was about the only interesting person in this film . Sorry she had to go so early .
 This mildly amusing story is dragged down by an un-funny Gene - he just ca n't pull this one out with his usual `` dumb act . '' This flick would be a big zero if it were n't for Kelli 's looks -LRB- ... -RRB-
 aaah , now this is a bad movie one can sink ones teeth into ! possibly the nadir of gene wilders occasionally illustrious career , not to mention gilda radner , charles grodin , and joseph bologna -LRB- well , no -- he made `` blame it on rio '' -RRB- . i would say its also the nadir of kelly le brocks career , but its probably the acme as well , so ill be kind . if the movie is remembered at all today , its for that stevie wonder song that i cant remember the name of ...
 We rented this so my daughter who is 3 could watch this . Scooby is hardly in it . Fred is n't BLONDE !!!!! The chick that plays Daphne may be young but with red hair she looks to be almost 30 and not a teenager like the rest of the cast . Everyone of the characters starts to have a romance . Fred and Daphne are making out in like the first 10 minutes . Then they discuss whether or not they are together . Shaggys pining for Velma gets old fast . They also do a little barbershop song and it screams cheese . Glad we rented this instead of buying it . Not at all like the original live animation Scooby Doo . Very Very Very Disappointed .
 This Scooby Doo Movie has a poorly developed story , awful dialogue , and wooden acting that you see in most of the modern made-for-kids TV movies . It has nothing in common with the animated series and lacks a since of style and entertainment .
 The thing I remember most fondly about the original series as a child was that it was a perfect blend of creepy locations , spooky music , scary ghosts and comic relief provided by Scooby and Shaggy ... and in the end , all the scary monsters turned out to be just some guy in a mask trying to cover up a criminal activity . Sure , it was a predictable formula , but it was done well enough . Plus , it was relatively harmless.This movie retains almost nothing from the 1968 series except for the characters and the scary monster , which is actually a monster . That 's my biggest gripe with the story
 Scooby is MIA in this movie . I did like the first movie with this cast and I even chuckled here and there , but Scooby is essential since the main title is SCOOBY DOO!I do n't know , Daphne seemed too old for her part and with a little bump on the tummy . I think she might be pregnat in those parts . Am I right ?
 im a hudge scooby fan !!! but let me tell you , this movie is borring !! Scooby di n't appear in most of the movie !!! only in small parts !! when the gang is exploring scooby is not with them !! until the end of the movie !! . This is not to be call Scooby-Doo !!! the mystery beggins was a greate movie but this one !!!! HORRIBLE !!!!!!!! .
 I realize it is a kid 's movie and I bought it for our 7 year old daughter . She loves Scooby Doo and had to have the new movie . Normally I see her busting a gut over Scooby , which she did with the Scooby-Doo/Scooby-Doo 2
 Stuck in the computer waiting to be composited into the scenes . This of course costs money and as the ` Lake Monster ' , which yes -LRB- sigh -RRB- is real -LRB- again -RRB- , contained the most detail and special FX , it obviously detracted from the script department 's budget too . ` The Mystery Begins ' was n't too bad . In a generic and forgettable kids movie with licensed character pasted on top kind of way . Think Garfield . Sure the acting was a bit off , the score lifted straight from a 90 's B movie , the ghosts were real - because its easier to blame everything on the supernatural - and it felt nothing at all like the cartoon upon which it was ` based ' . But I made some allowances , realising that the Scooby-Doo license will be abused from time to time.This movie , however - wow ! Is it a tax write-off ? The horrible main plot is about Fred and Daphne and their dating experiences . Shaggy leads a musical number to declare his love for Velma . Scooby-Doo , as mentioned is absent in most scenes due to the rendering costs , and Velma - well , -LRB- Spoiler ? -RRB- - has turned into a Witch 's Ghost . Yes , you read correctly!It really is a new low for the Scooby-Doo brand . Do yourself a favour and pick upScooby-Doo , Where Are You !
 Much like The Mystery Begins the cast is all wrong . The actor who plays Shaggy never gets the voice right and Fred has dark hair . Daphne just does not have the right spunk that Sarah Michelle Gellar gave to the role and Velma is flat . Too bad .
 We love Scooby-Doo ... But this was horrible . The acting was really bad . Freddie was a brunette ... what 's up with that ? ... Freddie has always been a blond . All the costuming looked horrible including Shaggy 's hair . I give this a one star because there was nothing lower . I would suggest renting it before purchasing it .
 . . Please , Please bring back the Actors from 1 & 2 - Although I thought 1 was a little scary for younger ones - They were sooooooo much more entertaining ... much like scooby doo cartoons.This was so hard to watch - like snoozeville man.I will be much more carefull if there is another release before I buy .
 first off i thought this would be a great new movie boy was i wrong . first i would talk about the characters fred , daphen , velma , shaggy and scooby doofred sucked and what is up with the black hair fred hair is blonde.daphen sucked as well first off she did n't even act like her character suppose to.shaggy sucked as well what is with the hair ? velma was the only one who stuck to her character beside scooby doo . scooby doo they making him look lighter in ever movie it seem to me . for my opinion this was the worst scooby doo movie ever why are they tring to change a great thing when they got it stick to the original themewhy bring them dating come on it a kid show so stick to what everyone loves.i like it when these character played the partsmatthew lillard as shaggymindy cohn as velmathat just my thoughts ...
 never make three this was the worst did not like it at all . would not recomend it unless you got kids the story like stunk .
 This could n't even keep the attention of my seven year old ! Stick with the original cartoons if you want to watch Scooby-Doo
 I 'm sorry , but no one but the kid playing Shaggy looked , dressed or sounded like they should . -LRB- Not to mention , he was the only one who did n't come across like he was acting in a low-budget , made-for-Nickelodeon TV series . -RRB- -LRB- They were also not WRITTEN properly . -RRB- My sons , who ADORE Scooby Doo , kept asking , `` Who are those people with Shaggy and Scooby ? '' And , when someone would say the names , they 'd be like , `` Nu-uh , that 's not Daphne ! '' or `` That 's not Fred ! '' And , why bother hooking Fred and Daphne up and Shaggy/Velma up just to break them up ? That 's ... that 's just MEAN to the fans .
 The movie is a failure ! Actors are the same like from the previous movie and I do n't like them . They do n't fit with their fake looks and their acting . The CGI -LRB- animated -RRB- dog is bad , and humor is low . If I was in the movie , I 'd never show my face in the public and never would go by the same name as in the credits . That was 1 hour and 22 minutes of a true waste of time . I doubt the money they earned from the previous movie was actually spend on the making of this movie . But the good part is that frog mutants at least looked O.K. and much better than the dog . I had no idea the movie would be so bad . It is not interesting and I consider it as a fail , because it delivers none of the good things from the cartoons .
 This Scooby-Doo was very bad . Not at all like the first one , very weird . Velma and Scooby were not in it very much . It had to much romance . It was very random . I do not suggest buying it .
 First , let me say two things . First we LOVE Scooby Doo . Second , I love this cast and we own Scooby Doo the Mystery Begins . I had my doubts about Freddie and Shaggy not looking like the cartoon version but we loved the first movie they made . The first one also bucked the Scooby Doo formula and had real ghosts but over all was great , we loved it . This one is unfortunately a train wreck love story . The main reason for this is they totally take out the mystery , it gets very little play time as they break the golden rule of Scooby Doo , there is not the subtle flirting there is dating between Freddie and Daphne ; Shaggy is head over heals for Velma . So you are left with Scooby Doo minus Scooby Doo and a mystery ... you are left with a boring and annoying love story . Really too bad as I love the cast . I hope they wake up and get back to the Scooby Doo formula and make a third one . If I want a teenage romance , I certainly wo n't turn to the Scooby gang . All three of my kids and both adults in our family were really , really bummed as we own everything -LRB- really -RRB- else that is Scooby . We will skip this one and hope you will to . Hope this helps !
 This is one of those even-less-than-low low budget films of the late seventies . It 's just your typical sorority house boob-fest with a lot of unknown actresses and actors . The only familiar actor I 've seen in this film was Danny Bonaduce -LRB- from The Partridge Family -RRB- . Lots of topless nudity , adding hope to all that atrocious bad acting from every character . But still , I 'd never miss a cheesy , campy , ditzy girls-gone-wild eye-candy film to kill some time on my weekends while having a few beers.It 's up there -LRB- well , maybe down there -RRB- with Pom Pom Girls , The Van , and the such for typical low budget politically incorrect `` babe fests '' .
 I bought this video expecting lots of topless scenes and slapstick comedy . I got very little of either . I first read about this movie in Maxim 's best `` B '' movies and it said it had topless skydiving , sunbathing , etc. . There is a topless skydiver but she is in the air and the camera is on the ground so you ca n't see anything . I am fan of those movies from the good ol' 70s with big racks , but this is garbage . The scene where Danny Bonaduche -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- cant get it up is an instant classic of how not to act . Topless football game is very short and not worth the money .
 You may saw it on USA Up All Night . Same movie unedited without the dub scenes . Very poor quality video but you would expect from a movie from 1979 .
 There are two reasons one might be interested in this movie
 I never got this product . I recieved an e-mail that mentioned , the product was returned to the whare-house , and my money was re-funded
 In former days , that is to say once upon a time , when we first got cable this movie would air late at night over and over again . It speaks to a time when the point was to come up with a plausible reason for women to expose their breasts . This film overcomes that particular obstacle by putting the women in college sororities who then take each other on . Consequently there is the deep and meaningful message that we should all be more accepting of each other , and especially of women with large breasts.In other words , this is not a date movie . This is not really a movie for people who have a realistic chance of going out on a date . This is not a great film , but for this particular genre it is certainly fun and if you are sober you will get quite a few laughs and not all of them at the expense of Danny Bonaduce . It has a warm spot in my heart because this was the film that introduced me to the skin flick genere on late night HBO . Not that I can see me telling the grandkids about it someday.Yes , I remember seeing this movie on `` Up All Night '' and watched simply to see what they would do with the film 's climax , the strip-touch-football game . You have to wonder about the thinking behind the fact that they shot the final scenes twice , once with tops and once withouts . Who would have thought there was some genius thinking about making this film available to network television?Now , this film is available in a widescreen edition . The mind boggles . Is this a great country or what ?
 i was curious about this film so i checked it out.and it was very Main-Stream . none of the shock jock stuff.a few things here & there but overall Howard played it way to safe & Conservative .
 The final third of this movie is pretty funny . The first two thirds is , at best , uneven . The history of Stearns ' rise is , , in and of itself , interesting given that he has , good or bad , changed radio . I rented the movie based on reviews in Amazon.com -- I just did not see it the way most others did .
 Paramount is famous for this . Overpriced DVD 's . They like to charge you over twenty dollars for a bare-bones DVD . No extras , nothing . Almost all of their DVD 's are like this . I have been thinking about buying Wayne 's World on DVD , but when I saw it 's whopping price and no extras , I decided to stick with my VHS copy . You 'd be highly advised to do the same with this movie .
 I bought this at the request of a friend , knowing I was n't fond of Mr. Stern . What I did n't expect was the friend asking me to please watch it with him . So , I did . It 's typical self indulgent , I 'll be a bad boy if I want to , nyah nyah Howard Stern stuff . If that 's your thing , then you 'll probably like it . Since it 's NOT my thing ... well , you get the picture .
 some really funny moments are in this movie for example see the scene with the puppets which is in about the first half hour of the movie.i cant see why this movie won so many awards.some people could like it because of lots of unnecesary nudity
 Howard Stern `` was '' radio in the 80 's and 90 's and disputably desevred his self-given title of King of All Media . Sterns humor style -LRB- deadpan and cynical delivery -RRB- and his excellent writing staff/supporting cast made his show truly a phenomanom in it 's heyday . Personally , I loved the show for more than a decade hearing him first locally in Washington , D.C then in syndication from New York . Stern truly did introduce a lot of great humor to the airwaves and transitioned from record-spinner/joketeller to unique humorist . That said , I 've come to realize that it 's perfectly possible to like the `` Howard Stern Show '' and NOT like Howard Stern.The events since this film was released has dated this autobiography . The film is a semi-love story about Howards committment to now ex-wife Alison regardless of his irreverent on-air life of fart jokes and lesbian stripper guests . The film also celebrates Stern 's battles against censorship , a fight he surrendered from when he moved to satellite radio , all the while hyping his `` little guy against big censorship '' rap that is obviously flat now that listeners must pay and Stern himself never spent a day in court fighting for his rights as a broadcaster . Lenny Bruce was a bloated dope fiend in the end , but he had the balls to fight censorship while Stern has only played the `` role '' of a free speech warrior.Without these faults , `` Private Parts '' still wo n't satisfy many hardcore fans because of the sweet natured romantic tone between Howard and Alison as well as the diluted nature of the shows humor . Maybe this film was intended as a crossover to audiences unfamilar with Stern.True fans will be much happier with bootlegs of `` Butt Bongo Fiesta '' or the New Years Special that Stern put out.Stern belongs BEHIND a microphone with Fred Norris , Robin , Jackie Martling and Gary nearby . Stick to what you did so well , Howard .
 One of the great films of the 90s brings what all Stern fans know already - that he 's a great person , humanitarian and funny as hell - into the general public 's eye . That said , stick with the HBO or USA showings or buy it on VHS . The DVD has nothing else to offer - no extras -LRB- and this movie could have TONS of extras -RRB- . ...
 This guy ca n't write books , has a garbage mouth on TV , radio he is nothing but rude , and now a movie that is worse than all the rest -LSB- well almost all the rest -RSB- . He better hope he does n't lose his cult following , otherwise he 'd be out of business , what can he do ... the movie 's a sham . He should learn how to do something positive , instead of self glorification .
 this is a real awful and boring movie which i would not recommend to people with good tastes at all.watch black hawk down instead .
 I decided to watch this movie because my wife as well as my best friend from college are both Stern fans , and have often told me how I fail to understand him as he truly is . Well . after watching this bilge , I can honestly say I truly understand Howard . He is a dorky loser who learned early on that developing a potty mouth would get him attention . He married a woman who was way too good for him -LRB- something she apparently finally realized -RRB- and dragged her through the mud till she got sick of it and dumped his sorry carcass . He persists to this day saying purile clap trap that only appeals to children in adult bodies , not to adults . The most laughable part of this whole sorry tragedy is the praise he receives for `` having the courage to speak his mind . '' Well , when your mind consists of half a dozen curse words and a neurotic need for attention , it does n't take long for it to speak all it has to say . This movie is pathetic schlock for losers .
 Howard stern is a truly lousy actor which is aptly demonstated in this lousy flick.Anyone who likes him is a total wimp.Avoid this at all costs.For a good movie I would suggest you to watch the upcoming flick MUNICH directed by Steven Speilberg instead .
 Revenge western starring Raquel Welch as the title character , victim of a vicious assault by outlaws led by Ernest Borgnine . All credibilty goes out the window five minutes into the movie when it becomes clear the bad guys are comic relief villains . The `` rape '' sequence , meant to set up the story plays like a rejected scene from an old sitcom , thus the viewer is not given the opportunity to have any emotional involement with Hannie.For those of you who are still interested , Robert Culp mentors Welch so she can get revenge ; and Christopher Lee shows up in yet another movie which wastes his talents . Pretty routine stuff , but at least its better than Welch 's MYRA BRECKINRIDGE . -LRB- Is it possible for movies to get any WORSE than that ? -RRB- Welch should have just shot the varmits at the start and mosied off into the sunset . Does n't evoke fond memories of THE WILD BUNCH or Leone 's DOLLARS trilogy .
 To put it nicely , Hannie Caulder is an homage masquerading as a western . It offers nothing new and a lot old . Below its thin veneer of a plot -LRB- Raquel Welch 's quest for revenge against the men who brutally raped her -RRB- you 'll easily see several rip-offs of prior westerns . The Mexican soliders chasing the outlaws is obviously from Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , and the three-against-twenty gunfight with Hannie , Thomas , and Bailey is reminicent of that in Magnificent Seven . Throw in the mysterious , man-in-black -LRB- a.k.a. , The Man With No Name from the Sergio Leone spaghetti westerns -RRB- and you have a hollow story that relies on the usual shoot 'em - up plot devices . The only difference -- and it 's a noticable one in Raquel Welch -- is that a woman wears the ten-gallon hat and six-shooter . Too bad she could n't inject a fresh , feminine perspective on violence instead of offering the same old macho mimicry .
 These film companies are getting cheaper and cheaper . Blu-Ray and no subtitles OR sound . Very bloody , the crappy red blood that does n't look like real blood . A goood cast wasted on a crappy predictable movie . I sure could have done without this one . I 'm going to have to start reading the bottom revues first , the ones where the truth lies .
 I saw this classic many years ago . but after seen it again . I was not too impressed . I give it an o.k.
 I was having trouble finding a copy of this classic movie anywhere . I was eccited to see a copy on DVD Unfortunatley the word &#34; COPY &#34; is correct . It was a copy . The quality is good and the Menu looks good but the disc was definetly a copy . The case was also a copy . I am glad to have this in my collection nonetheless but was upset it was not original .
 The Last of the Finest , 1990 filmWe see plainclothes policemen watching a suspected illegal operation at a meat market . Their call for backup goes unanswered . The crooks start a fire to destroy the evidence -LRB- drug smuggling -RRB- . These police are criticized for their actions . There is a meeting of businessmen , two discuss a transfer of goods . The police checked those ashes , paper money was burned . Is Frank in trouble ? His group is suspended because of the shooting . Can they plant a spy with Reece ? The men play football at a family picnic . Later Lt. Frank gets a late night phone call and goes there with his friends . They find two bodies , their informant and a girl . One pursues a fleeing man . They find another body . Lt. Frank Daly gets the blame . Will he resign ? Who will follow his example?They raise cash by crashing into a house . They buy equipment from a fence ! What will they do next ? They watch a suspect and follow him . There is a speech about `` freedom fighters '' in South America . This group has press passes to attend and photograph this meeting . They find a man who can read lips . They learn about Noringer , who has an impressive resum&eacute; . They see Army trucks entering Noringer 's shipyard . They enter the warehouse and see drug smuggling and gun running operations ! There are powerful and important people behind this operation . They gather bundles of $ 100 bills . They find an unusual place to hide it . `` They know its us ! '' A man invades Linda 's home and threatens her . Can they find a safe place ? `` They told us . '' What will they do with that money ? Who was the last man to see Tommy?Frank talks to Captain Torres about Tommy . This Captain will do anything to stop Communists . Frank wants a meeting with Noringer at Canyon Park . -LSB- Would they talk freely in front of the children ? -RSB- They prepare for the meeting at this baseball park . `` Take care of yourself . '' Noringer arrives in a helicopter with his bodyguards . `` Where 's the money ? '' There is a double-cross with a lot of shooting . There is an explosion as the police cars arrive . Another explosion to finalize the action . `` You should 've kept the money '' says one policeman . There is a sort of happy ending . A White House politician speaks nice slogans -LRB- to show his hypocrisy -RRB- . This is an average action movie and morality play that was inspired by the Reagan-Bush scandals of drug smuggling and gun running in Central America . A better story would have made a better movie . The actual location for this operation was not Los Angeles but Arkansas . You can assume that Governor was involved in some way . Terry Reed 's book `` Compromised '' has the uncensored details . Reagan 's Attorney-General was forced to resign after they found unlaundered drug money in his personal checking account ! The man responsible was later bumped off . Does anybody believe this policy was stopped ? Afghanistan is a main source of opium and heroin . The British fought two wars in the 1880s to try to gain control of this lucrative trade . The Russians invaded Afghanistan in 1980 to break up the big landed estates that raised opium . Who is profiting from this drug trade today ? Joe Domanick 's `` To Protect and Serve '' must have inspired parts of this story about Los Angeles .
 Dudes a bum , he just mooches off people . Dumb movie and waste of money . I hate you craigslist joe . s
 Towards the end of the film , the film maker and lead subject breaks down and cries when his mom asks him what the takeaway from his month on the road was . He said , `` I 'm just so inspired . '' That 's great , and you 'd hope a journey like this would be inspiring , and for Joe it was . But the movie itself is far less inspiring . The concept is a good one , spend a month depending on Craig 's List for everything . The movie starts off in Joe 's office where he 's sorting through scripts from CAA , so it 's clear he started in the biz at some point watching others make great concept films . The best of course of the genre is Supersize me.Craig 's list Joe lacks a lot of what makes other entries in this genre good
 i thought it would be more real . however , when he tells people he is making a documentary , clearly some people just do him the favor imho to be on the movie . i think thats how he landed a bunch of the rooms that he did . i could be wrong . but i doubt see lots of plugs throughout the movie . i was disappointed .
 Revenge western starring Raquel Welch as the title character , victim of a vicious assault by outlaws led by Ernest Borgnine . All credibilty goes out the window five minutes into the movie when it becomes clear the bad guys are comic relief villains . The `` rape '' sequence , meant to set up the story plays like a rejected scene from an old sitcom , thus the viewer is not given the opportunity to have any emotional involement with Hannie.For those of you who are still interested , Robert Culp mentors Welch so she can get revenge ; and Christopher Lee shows up in yet another movie which wastes his talents . Pretty routine stuff , but at least its better than Welch 's MYRA BRECKINRIDGE . -LRB- Is it possible for movies to get any WORSE than that ? -RRB- Welch should have just shot the varmits at the start and mosied off into the sunset . Does n't evoke fond memories of THE WILD BUNCH or Leone 's DOLLARS trilogy .
 To put it nicely , Hannie Caulder is an homage masquerading as a western . It offers nothing new and a lot old . Below its thin veneer of a plot -LRB- Raquel Welch 's quest for revenge against the men who brutally raped her -RRB- you 'll easily see several rip-offs of prior westerns . The Mexican soliders chasing the outlaws is obviously from Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , and the three-against-twenty gunfight with Hannie , Thomas , and Bailey is reminicent of that in Magnificent Seven . Throw in the mysterious , man-in-black -LRB- a.k.a. , The Man With No Name from the Sergio Leone spaghetti westerns -RRB- and you have a hollow story that relies on the usual shoot 'em - up plot devices . The only difference -- and it 's a noticable one in Raquel Welch -- is that a woman wears the ten-gallon hat and six-shooter . Too bad she could n't inject a fresh , feminine perspective on violence instead of offering the same old macho mimicry .
 These film companies are getting cheaper and cheaper . Blu-Ray and no subtitles OR sound . Very bloody , the crappy red blood that does n't look like real blood . A goood cast wasted on a crappy predictable movie . I sure could have done without this one . I 'm going to have to start reading the bottom revues first , the ones where the truth lies .
 I saw this classic many years ago . but after seen it again . I was not too impressed . I give it an o.k.
 This is the kind of movie that you watch and get a bit drawn into , all the while thinking , this is pretty good because you are not expecting much having never heard of it . You might even finish the movie thinking , `` yeah , that was n't bad . '' But I would say it is also the kind of movie that given a 1/2 hour to digest what you just saw , you will likely come to the conclusion that , in fact , it was pretty bad.The movie is overdone , from start to finish . I like Sean Bean but he has a tendency to overact and overact he does ; but I can overlook that since , somehow , he is still interesting to watch . The visuals surrounding what it may have felt like during a plague was pretty good ; but there really was n't anything particularly good about the story and the ending , which some describe as a surprise , seemed pretty predictable to me.Overall , it 's not a waste of time to watch the movie but it is definately not a movie I would ever watch again .
 The good : The backdrop of the movie is , in fact , the black death . A grim time in Europe when disease , fear , violence and religious intolerance were the order of the day.Most of the movie is done with high production values and has some striking and complex characters . There are some pretty intense scenes and a couple fights that are very well done . We do see some very good moral struggles.The bad : There are a few scenes shot from cameras attached to the actors like in The Blair Witch Project . They look jerky and out of place . They do take the time to show the horrors of the times . However , it seemed like they had two different effects teams that did not know about each other.In spite of a great set up ... it all fizzles out with a less than satisfactory ending.The misled : If you are expecting necromancers and zombies -LRB- like it says on the cover -RRB- ... there are not any . No , really . There are NOT any.Sean Bean 's character -LRB- displayed so very prominently on the cover -RRB- is NOT the main character.This movie had the potential to deliver a whole heck of a lot more than it did . The last 15 minutes should be trashed and re-written .
 I 'll say up front two things about BLACK DEATH . The first is that it is a well made film , photographed well , acted well , directed well . The second is that it falls into a category of film I 've tired of
 This movie has its fair share of swash-buckling action , but who knew the writers and directors would deviate completely from the movie 's title and from the trailer ?? I mean , could this movie have been any more anti-Christian ?? I guess that 's the price Christianity pays for being the world 's more dominant religion . This movie is VERY loosely based on fact , and more based on witches , wizards , evil , and oh yeah , the plague . But the plague is the last thing on your mind here as a few warriors with the help of a young monk who is really trying to search for his lost love try to find the `` root cause '' of the pestilence , which at that time was strongly believed to be the workings of witches and witchcraft . Magic and witchcraft was the science back then , and nowhere was there a scientist to tell them that it was probably the rats and dreary conditions Europe lived in all along.Instead , this movie wants the viewer to focus on the `` evils '' of Christianity and perhaps religion in general , and how Christians have killed more people in the name of `` God '' than anything else . This is a very dark movie with none other than a divisive message for the viewer to take with him . Seeing as this film is a European production , I 'm not surprised on its content . Europe separates itself from religion more and more as each day goes by . A movie like this would not probably fly that well in the States . In all honesty , there have been many instances since the dawn of civilization where people have killed and died in the name of some higher power or another . Why does Christianity take most of the blame ? I wonder if they 'll ever make a movie on how Islam has killed ten times as many people just in the last 100 years ... Bet it 'll be a cold day in hell before we see a movie like that .
 ** REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILER *** I like a good slasher movie , the more gore the better . I like suspense and drama too . This movie tried to combine them all - and actually did a fairly decent job . It could of been a solid 3 star beauty in the rough . HOWEVER , I 'm getting a little miffed at movies that have an anti-hero ending simply to make it more artsy or make the director feel like there 's some kind of deep meaning . Some life changing moment in film.That 's fine and dandy if your owning a 5 star file -LRB- for instance Cold Mountain - kills the hero and still ends up being a fine movie -RRB- . Or your solid Trauma type movies like `` Hobo with a shotgun '' - ending MAKES that movie a solid 3 star gore fest.If your a decent little 3 star movie and your going for that 4th star by killing your hero , just do n't do it . It pisses me off . Anyway that 's my rant . Thanks for reading .
 ... it 's a much better , more suspenseful , and compelling tale . Black Death does n't have that `` grab you and keep you enthralled '' storytelling , and is poorly woven together , although in a few scenes there are delicious bits of irony that keep this movie from being a total waste of time . Save your money - you 'll be glad you did .
 Asking why this movie was terrible is like asking why Germany lost World War II
 Nothing to see here folks , move along . Everyone associated with this turd should repent . If I could but give zero stars , my lord.I see that 0 of 7 people found my review helpful . I bet at least 6 of those 7 come back and say I was right ; I already told you all you need to know . This turd is cooked .
 I really wanted to like this movie but it got off on the wrong foot when I soon realized that the `` Black Death '' title was VERY deceiving . This movie is NOT about the Black Death . Yes , it is set in 1348 when the plague was getting going but the plague itself is just a backdrop . The real story here is about the Church and how it used its power to force people into line using savage mercenaries who would murder you without remorse to `` save you '' . So it is a movie about the excesses of `` religion '' and `` control '' more than anything else.The acting is not bad , the story ok , and overall I would rate this 3 stars but I had to take one star off for having a title that is just blatant false advertising . A better title would have been `` In The Name of God '' or something like that.I would not buy this movie -LRB- but it was ok as a rental -RRB- . If you were waiting for the first good movie dealing with the Black Death which killed 1/3 of all Europeans in the mid 14th century , then you 'll just have to keep waiting ...
 preview looked interesting and it was living up to being a decent film until the end . The end is rushed to completion leaving the rest of a decent movie to suffer .
 The Black Plague is sweeping across Europe . No one knows where it comes from or how it spreads , only that it leaves rampant death and destruction in its wake . Fearing for her life and hoping to escape `` God 's wrath , '' beautiful Averill -LRB- Kimberley Nixon -RRB- chooses to leave a town that has only recently fallen prey to the illness . The man she loves , a novice at the local monastery , refuses to go with her but she tells him she will wait for him for five days at their former meeting place in case he changes his mind . Young Osmund -LRB- Eddie Redmayne -RRB- is torn between his love for her and his devotion to Christ , and sees an opportunity to reconsider when a group of men arrive at the monastery on a mission from the bishop . Rumor has it a village in the wilds has not yet been touched by illness and is guarded over by a necromancer.Ulric -LRB- Sean Bean -RRB- has been dispatched to find the witch or warlock and execute them . But in the woodland between the city and the village lie many perils and at the far end , rampant paganism and other evils await them . The script is surprisingly solid for a B-movie and certainly has enough creepiness and horror to make this an unusual period drama . It has a great cast and decent costuming and design , but it 's also unpleasant at times to watch -- not merely for its cruelties but also its rather harsh view of Christianity . Neither Christians nor atheists nor pagans are cast in a very good light , because it all boils down to an entwined series of events built around revenge . Osmund seems the most faithful but in a twist is revealed to have forsaken his compassion for pursuing the slaughter of innocents in God 's name . Without revealing too much , in the village they encounter a woman professing to be -LRB- or faking it -RRB- a necromancer and the villiagers offer them life if they renounce their faith in God . -LRB- Of course , they do n't intend to keep their promise . -RRB- The villiagers believe that killing Christians will keep them safe from the plague.Numerous times , the plague is referenced as God 's judgment on all people . Ulric takes his role seriously as a man who kills in the Church 's name , and they tote along a torture machine . Supernatural elements are present -- Osmund is haunted by visions of someone he loved haunting him , drenched in blood and full of accusations ; it appears that a woman has been resurrected from the dead -LRB- later , it is said it was a trick , but the audience is never quite sure -RRB- . The R-rating is well deserved for moments of explicit violence and intense thematic elements . The scenes in which the men are killed one by one and asked to renounce God are hard to watch . And the script is quite clever in constantly keeping us guessing as we try and figure out who the bad guys are here -- is it Ulric ? the witch ? the villiagers ? Osmund ? The ambiguous nature of the story leaves it open to interpretation but at the end of the day it 's the lack of inclusion of any sort of moral governing force that leaves a bitter taste . It 's a very dark , rather sick , and depressing look into an interesting and horrible time in European history .
 Let me start by saying that this movie starts off very well and in fact is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time , until the end . The ending of this movie simply destroys the whole story . The end has nothing to do with the rest of the movie . If they were trying to give it some twist , well they succeeded ... unfortunately , the twist seem to make the writer of the story seem bitter towards anything spiritual and ruins what could have been a great picture . Further , the ending has one knight totally change and become a different character , at least in his persona . Then they have the monk change to a crazed sadistic killer . I chatted with others who felt the same way after watching this movie and they all agreed , the ending does not match the rest of the movie . My wife pointed out that it almost appear that a different writer wrote the ending . I guess there was a anti-Christian slant to this all the way through if you look at the movie from the end backwards . Anyway , what starts off as one of the best movies with very realistic battle scenes and no cheesy over the top hollywood music , ends up being some sort of atheistic cry baby movie ... . Too bad as the acting was good , the scenery was pretty and the costumes realitic ...
 Quality actors in a very poor movie . Not much of a plot and the story goes nowhere . I enjoy a good sword fight , but gore for gore 's sake leaves me flat . I liked the premise of `` is she a witch or is n't she ? '' and how she plays with the mind of the monk . However , the ending of the movie just seems tacked on and is pointless . Visually , I hoped for better as well . The camera angles are pedestrian , rarely leaving eye level , and the heavy use of hand-held shots made me want to turn the movie off . Do n't waste your time on this one .
 I wish that I could explain in more depth - what is so much lacking in this film - but - all that I can say is that this film totally lacks plot and even moreso lacks character development . This film toally lacks a sense of urgancy and fails to develop a character with whom the audience can identify . If you like a dark film - -LRB- literally -RRB- - that is - a film - so dark that it is difficult to see what is happening - regardless of whether-or-not what is happening is meaningful - - - this is a film for you . However - if you are looking for a fantasy film that challenges you or proves to be a most rewarding viewing experience on some rainy weekend afternoon - please look elsewhere .
 I just finished watching this film and it was quite a strange ride . This movie takes advantage of your emotions and is completely hopeless . Actually what it tries to do is produce a doubt in God -LRB- seriously -RRB- and the spiritual world . Gloom runs rampant in the film and the purpose it seems is to try and get the audience to hope only to dash them to the ground in the next scene . It was very uncomfortable to sit through and the ending was nothing but a shot at Christianity and religion in general . Really I can not see what point exactly the director was trying to get across . Is it
 A depressing little slasher-film with an underdeveloped philosophical question fortunately dressed-up with finebritish actors obviously earning their money .
 Well I was fooled into buying this piece of anti-Chritian garbage ; I may try and get a refund ... it 's muddled point of view was pointless but its agenda was clear -- to smear all religion as evil and irrational , one and the same - paralleling witchcraft and Christianity during the Dark Ages ... Obviously the director has used his talent , and I will admit he is a talented storyteller , for either misguided purposes or to deliberately distort and smear Judeao-Christian religion by generalizing `` all '' religion and religious belief by utilizing the period of the Dark Ages as the defining characteristic of `` all '' religios belief ; superstitious , ignorance and violence actally came as a result of corrupt intitutions concealing the Bible from the masses and distorting its teachings to accomplish worldly goals of power and wealth.The actors are very talented as is the director -- but in my opinion the content was garbage - biased subjective garbagedont waste your money
 This is a gory , depressing , bloody movie where almost all the stars die and one who lives turns into an insane paranoid soldier killing innocent women he imagines because of his sick vengeful , deluded anger . I ca n't say anything good about it . The one reason why we saw it is because , in previews , it talked about people in this one village being brought back from the dead and we like supernatural themes . But actually there is no supernatural goings-on in this . Nothing of the sort happened . Only one person was supposedly brought back to life , but she had not died to begin with , her burial was just faked . Another reason we saw it is because Sean Bean , one of our favorite actors , is in it but of course he dies . So there 's nothing in this movie but death , hacking , blood , and suffering with a depressing ending . But if that 's your bag , go for it .
 This was likely one of the most unfocused stories , misguided tales and poorest movies it has been my displeasure to fork over dineros and shekels to watch.As they say in the Navy , `` hard to port '' , `` hard to port '' , avoid this movie and wasting your time on it at all cost . I will simply say it is without a storyline , dark , cynical , un-uplifting , and just plain poorly done on likely a budget of millions of Euros . Amazing what crap comes out of some folks minds.Surely , the producers and directors of this masterpiece of mediocrity must just know how bad this flick and story are in reality?Save yourselves from this movie , Jesus is tired , save yourselves , run for the exits or better yet , do n't enter the dark and ridiculous world of this movie .
 Imagine if a company made a film about why it was a good thing that fugitive American slaves were captured and whipped -- something like The Birth of a Nation , with the KKK as heroes , but a film that advocated and depicted brutal violence against what history clearly shows were victims of oppression . Enter Black Death , a movie that takes all of the religious gobbledygook that served as reasons to torture and murder women accused of being witches in the Middle Ages and defends it with an absurd story that suggests -LRB- albeit as a fiction -RRB- that there WERE enclaves of evil witches who would torture and murder the servants of God -- something for which there is absolutely no evidence in history . This film takes the victims of a state-sponsored crime and makes them deserving of the crime , justifies the misdeeds of the perpetrators , and then cloaks it all in theological bull puckey about how devout the murderers and torturers are -- they 're the REAL victims here , the holy martyrs true to their faith , not the thousands of innocent women the church slaughtered . This film , regardless of its nice cinematography and good performances , can not be excused for rewriting history in the most deplorable way , even if one argues that it 's just a premise for a horror story .
 Hollywood strikes again ! Let 's attack Christians by making a movie where we take a sincere Christian -LRB- Monk-sincere faith with good heart -RRB- and turn him into a fanatic religious killer that tortures women . And let 's use the backdrop of the plague , obvious distraction , so that we can bash the Christian faith without putting it right in front of you ! You think the movie is about the plague and corresponding hardships , but the real theme becomes clear as you see the ending . It was all just a set-up to take a jab at the Christian faith . They could have just as easily had this end with the Monk finding his true path to God , which was not a `` religious '' path , but one based on true love .
 This is n't the worst `` knights killing in the name of God '' film I 've seen , but its pretty dull to watch . And with that said , what is it with poor Sean Bean ? I love him but he has not made a good film in a long time . He & David Warner are the reason I watched this film in the first place but Warner has a small role and Sean Bean 's talent 's seem wasted . This movie seems to come to an accdeptable ending but then goes on for several more minutes with a surviving character carrying out vengence on other innocents that seems to make no sense . Not a complete waste of time for a film , but not good either .
 I 'm a fan of Sean Bean and the Sharpe 's series , and a graphic depiction of the 14th century and the horrors of the plague with the weird forces of nature and man at work seemed like a interesting night of movie watching for me.A young church novice guides a rough and tough band of soldiers lead by Bean on a so called mission to discover the reason why a secluded village is unaffected by the plague . In reality , the soldiers have a more sinister mission in mind . The somewhat innocent novice struggles with his role in the goings on and what plight he may bring upon an apparently innocent village.This is basically a road trip horror flick . The acting , the sets all are fine and dismally display the pathetic time period where superstition and savagery rule . And that 's fine with me , but my complaint is that I did n't enjoy the film . The story left me wondering why I spent my time watching brutality and hopelessness without anyone or any theme , even in the slightest bit , that I wanted to follow or relate to.Yes , I know it 's the time of the plague , and it 's a pretty ugly situation , but from start to finish , there 's no redeeming message or heroism here .
 As much as I like Sean Bean and this genre in general , I can not recommend this title to anyone.This film is basically a gorefest set in 13th century , plague-ridden Europe , and chronicals the journey of a young monk and a band of church mercenaries who are charged with finding and rooting out pagans who have been able to avoid the plague . The plot is simple enough . The problem is , there is no protagonist to root for and no `` villian . '' Everyone is equally deranged by their religous beliefs , even the pagans , and the movie is one scene of pointless gory battle , gory torturing , death , and suffering after another.I guess if you want to see and hear graphic depictions of beheadings , cruxification , drawing and quartering , hacking of limbs , etc. , then this may be for you . Not that I have a problem with such depictions in movies , but they serve no purpose here other than to shock.By the end of the movie , you do n't care who lives or dies , and the movie ends on a sour note by turning the main character into a vengeful blood fiend . There are no great battles to speak of , just a gory skirmish in the woods involving people who are not central to the plot.The best part of this movie was the fact it ended . I will not be watching it again .
 I was expecting the movie to live up to the name and be about the plague , but the black death only provided a backdrop to the action . The story is about religion , power , culture , and paranoid `` justice '' in the middle ages . But that 's not exactly right either because the writer did n't do a great job of researching . Things like knowing that only a priest can give last rites -LRB- not a novice -RRB- make a big difference in believability of the plot . Lots of good actors were cast , but it was sadly a waste of talent . Add to that the shaky-cam and weird cuts and you have a disjointed film . If you are going into this with the intention of suspending reality and going along with a dark , head-slashing , blood gushing medieval fantasy ride , you will enjoy it . It just was n't for me .
 I think the producer and the director made bets to see how many torture scenes they could fit into an hour-ish time frame . There is no explanation for the end of this movie . Apparently the main character turned evil can see beauty in the world after all the women he has killed . I am a huge Sean Bean fan , but this was not one of his better roles . Horrible script , horrible acting , horrible plot = horrible film . Spare yourself .
 This is my favorite book of Jane Austen . It is written from a place of maturity and deals with more serious difficulties than some of her previous works . It also seems to be the hardest one to transfer to film . I have never seen a well done version , and this fits that pattern . Although not nearly as bad as some others , it still completely misses the mark .
 Does n't hold a candle to earlier production starring Francis O'coonner , whaich was a smooth adaptaation of comedy and romance from Austen 's letters and book .
 This version cheapens the great work of Jane Austen . I could n't get through all of it . I am a huge fan of Jane Austen and most adaptations of her work , but this just felt like a modern day , cheap soap opera version . The dark eyebrows with bleached hair is only one of many examples . Too bad . I always look forward to a new version to watch . Too bad this one is not worth watching .
 I must preface this review with an admission that Mansfield Park is the novel I like the least of all Austen 's novels . Fanny Price is not my favorite heroine either . I found this adaptation even less attractive than some of the other versions . I did not care for the casting , and the flow of the scenes confused me . At times the sequence was languid , and other times it sped along . I did not think the story was true to the text either . All of the main scenes were intact , but details of the backstory seemed thin or missing . This one is not my favorite .
 If you 've read the book do n't waste your time on this so called adaptation . There is nothing faithful about so short a movie version of such a complex novel . Austen would be horrified at this hack job . Billie Piper is a wonderful actress , but she is not playing Fanny . And her obviously bleached hair does not fit the era at all . I counted no fewer than a dozen characters completely missing . The character of Fanny was not at all the shy , virtuous , grateful , sanguine girl in the book with soft light eyes . Same names different characters . Too much was rewritten or removed to possibly enjoy it if you read the book . And the ending ? Blah !
 I love this story , and I do n't necessarily expect film adaptations to be faithful to a novel in every detail . However , this film is so strangely cobbled together that I think if I did n't know the novel so well I would have had no idea what was going on . Motivation , character , and relationships need to be developed even if they diverge from the original , but the characters here were mostly two dimensional , and inconsistent . The sets , costumes and cinematography were only so-so - these are elements that can make up for a lot if the viewer is looking for pleasant entertainment . Sadly , even that was lacking.I 'm not sure what this was supposed to be , but Mansfield Park it was not !
 Staid and not well casted , slow-moving pace . BBC does some things brilliantly but this was not one of them , unfortunately .
 Once again , a blank DVD has been forwarded to me in South Australia . Why do n't you assess the integrity of your DVD before mailing them . In this country , I would report you to the Office Of Consumer Affairs . Very unsatisfactory ...
 PLEASE DO N'T GIVE AWAY SOME OF THE PLOT THAT COULD RUIN IT FOR ME -LRB- the bit about the wife -RRB-
 I love the old Republic serials , saw many of them on Saturday morning as a youth in the pre TV era . & have a decent VHS collection . So my cutiosity was aroused when I saw that Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island had never been reviewed and was usually available at a bargain price . I bought a copy and here ' c my opinion.In Summary , this is easily the worst chapterplay I have ever watched . A more detailed report follows : RC of CI has a fairly standard plot . First of all , it has nothing to do with the classic novel `` Robinson Crusoe '' . An espionage ring is causing trouble for a large Corporation who calls in an intrepid government agent -LRB- Ray Mala -RRB- to investigate . The head of the ring is not unmasked until the last segment , but it 's made clear early on that the head `` bad guy '' is one of the key executives of the Corporation . Mala is assisted by the princess of a native island culture . Her people are being framed for the troubles by the nefarious spies . The chapterplay is 14 chapters and takes place in San Francisco and the South Pacific.The lead actor is Ray Mala , who gives new meaning to the word inept . I suspect that English was his second language and he does not have the physical skills to pull of the action scenes . The second lead , Rex -LRB- a horse -RRB- and the third lead , Buck -LRB- a dog -RRB- were clearly superior actors as compared to Mr. Mala - although the Dog probably did n't do it 's best work being a St. Bernard stuck with a gig in the South Pacific . The remainder of the cast were the usual stable of Republic character actors who turned in an honest few weeks work.The production values were about what you would expect for a low budget 1936 chapterplay . I gave read that this was the only the 4th chapterplay made by Republic . Obviously , they got a lot better . Unfortunately , the cliffhangers were quite bad . The cliffhanger at the end of chapter 7 is very possibly the worst cliffhanger I have ever seen . Also , Cliffhanger cheating was rampant.Finally , there were two instances where about 2-3 minutes of fight action was cut into a new chapter . This was not a review chapter , just frugality.In closing , It 's always been accepted by chapterplay fans that one chapterplay had to be the best - so it makes sense that one has to be the worst as well . THIS IS IT .
 This serial has nothing whatever to do with the Robinson Crusoe story -- the only similarity is that it takes place on an island . The lead role is played by easily the worst actor ever to appear in a serial , probably the worst ever in any motion picture . The second and third leads listed in the credits are animals . It was such an early Republic serial that it has most of the inferior qualities of Mascot Studios . And yet , there 's something about it that makes it worth watching.Watching Mala try to speak his lines is fascinating , like watching a train wreck . Not only can he not act , he does n't speak clearly . It must have been embarrassing to the rest of the cast . He makes Sammy Baugh -LRB- `` King of the Texas Rangers '' -RRB- look like Laurence Olivier . You have to know the background to understand why Mala was ever cast in the lead . A native Inuit , in 1933 he had been cast in an all-native American film called `` Eskimo , '' produced by the legendary Irving Thalberg and billed by MGM as `` the biggest picture ever made , '' and it was a huge success . He later worked in quite a few other pictures as both actor and cameraman , and became one of Hollywood 's elite -- he numbered Johnny Weissmuller , Bob Hope , and Stan Laurel among his close friends . He also appeared in less important roles in other serials , `` Hawk of the Wilderness '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , `` Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickock '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , and `` Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . He appeared in some 25 films over a period of almost 30 years , often as a Polynesian or Hawaiian . He passed away on the set of his last film in 1952 at the age of only 46 . His son Ted Mala became the first Alaska native doctor.One or two of the cliffhangers are quite clever ; then again , many are laughably bad . In one , Mala is diving with an air helmet when his air hose is cut , he calls `` I need air ! '' and then just walks along the bottom until he reaches the beach . In another , he 's clinging to the edge of an airplane wing which crashes into the water , killing all aboard -- he survives , without explanation . In yet another , a plane is seen to crash into the sea , but in the resolution it actually lands safely.In spite of the lead 's terrible acting -- or perhaps partly because of it -- the serial is worth watching . Mala does have some charisma and you do want to root for him . Mamo Clark makes a fetching heroine in her sarong . The horse and the dog , holdovers from the Mascot era , are used effectively and are fun to watch .
 Mmmkay , so the Serial Squadron took a rotten serial , truncated it , added color effects , and further monkeyed with it to make it `` better '' . Uh-huh . So here 's my advice , serial fans
 Wow ... It was just awful awful movie.Bad casting and still do n't understand why does it have to be in 3D . And that Asian actor can not even speak English.They need to find some one who can speak English .
 As a person who grew up watching and loving the old Green Hornet TV show , I looked forward to seeing this movie . Then I heard that Seth Rogen was in it and I began to have my doubts . Seth Rogen is a one trick pony and it 's a trick we 've seen so many times before . He is starting to remind me of Jack Black , who for the life of me is so bad it boggles the mind that he still gets work . Mr Rogen , like Mr. Black , only knows one thing and that one thing should not have been in this movie.The story was abyssmal , the acting ... right about there too . The 3-D effects were literally put in to try to salvage the movie . And it failed , epically.A complete and total waste of time , money and air to be inhaled while watching said `` film '' .
 This is the worst adaptation of a serial to date ... I had high hopes as Michel Gondry is an amazing director , but Seth Rogan is the person to place blame on here ... Assuming writing , producing , and acting roles ... You can see that Gondry really had nothing to do with this , and that SR got a big head and F 'd it all up.Shame on you Seth Rogan ... Take a back seat next time and let a master do his work.Let 's hope this does n't mess Gondry up in the future ala David Lynch and Terry Gilliam ...
 Never before that I went to see a movie and found myself in the place that I kept lying to myself that the story will getting better . At the end of the movie , I have to apologized to my friend since I dragged her see this movie . What a waste !!!!!
 I can not even begin to tell you how bad this movie was . Just please , do n't even bother to watch it . It insulted my intelligence with the potty-mouth dialog and EXTREMELY POOR ACTING . I am just glad I rented the movie and did n't buy it.PLEASE , if you value your time , do n't bother . It is not only a STUPID rendition -LRB- the original comic book hero WAS NOT STUPID , but the movie actor made it seem like he was -RRB- , it is in very poor taste . I will never get those minutes back from watching it . The highlight of that time was when I STOPPED PLAYING THE MOVIE . If you think , as you are watching , that it will get better , think again . IT GETS WORSE.THIS IS ONE SICKENING AND STUPID MOVIE .
 One of the worse movies I have ever seen , and that 's saying a lot . Seth Rogen is not funny . You might think that would work to his advantage in a film like this . It does n't . He 's not serious , he 's not funny , he 's not - anything because he tries to be both , and sucks across the board . Sony just killed a potential franchise , and after seeing some of Rogens previous films , I 'm done . I will never see a Seth Rogen film again . So how do these no talent guys keep making films ? DVD sales I guess . Skip it , because you wo n't be able to get those two hours back in your life , no matter how hard you try . I have never seen so many people walk out of a movie , except for that time the film broke and everyone wanted their money back . Come to think of it , more walked out on this one . Hey , How do you give no stars ?
 wow ... what to say . my daughter and i love superhero movies . both of us sat through this looking at each other every few minutes with her moaning , `` moooom , can we turn this off , now ? '' with me responding , `` maybe it will get better in the next few minutes . '' it never did.i hope and prayed that seth rogan would not destroy such a precious memory from my childhood when i heard that he was going to be playing the hornet . i hope and prayed that he was just in it for a producer 's credit even when he unveiled black beauty at comicon.but no , seth rogan and friends have degenerated what could have been a beautiful remake into something amateurish and rude , like his other flicks . if this is the only formula rogan knows then he should stick with it and stay out of the superhero genre unless , of course , he 's going to die in a most horrible manner in the opening act of a better movie.a big letdown . it even marred the lustre of seeing black beauty which was a beautiful vehicle , even without the modifications .
 The Green Hornet ... This is a great franchise that they were talking about for a long time and I was looking so foward to it as I enjoyed the series when I was a kid ... I have over a thousand dvd 's in my collection , so I 'll watch almost anything ... I had little hope when I found out who the leading actor was for this action/comedy , but who knows , I 'll give it a chance some actors have changed there movie genre and acted in some really great movies ... this is not the case here ! ... I could barely get through it , it was so bad , poor acting , not funny , boring action ... in fact as the Green Hornet it seemed stupid ... thank god I was watching it on a plane and did not buy it ... I did not descrbe anything about the movie because it is forgetable ... rent it if you must but do n't buy it ... pass it bye , waste of your time lets hope we get a real Green Hornet movie soon .
 I do n't know if Van Williams is still alive , or Gordon Jones . If they 're not , right about now , there 's a chance that they 're spinning around in their caskets . But if they 're still with us , they 're probably furiously digging a grave for Seth Rogen , a disrespectful gent what just torpedoed the Green Hornet franchise . If you 're a fan of the 1960s television series with Van Williams and Bruce Lee - or even if you 're a fan of the 1940 serial with Gordon Jones - this new adaptation may find you grinding your teeth . Of course , you may have the same reaction even if you 're not familiar with the Green Hornet.Some things change for the better , but this adaptation makes a case for entropy . Feckless playboy Britt Reid has just inherited his murdered father 's crusading newspaper , the Daily Sentinel . Reid 's alter ego , the Green Hornet , updated to these contemporary times , is still the scourge of the criminal underworld . He 's still viewed as a villain by the police and the general public , which is all part of the plan as the Hornet had , from jump , meant to pose as a lawbreaker -LRB- and I actually find his reasoning for this logical as hell -RRB- . This time , his purview is Los Angeles and his main villain an underworld crime boss who touts the hard-to-pronounce name of Chudnofsky . Chudnofsky , by the way , agonizes over his image , which he worries may not be intimidating enough . This becomes a running gag throughout the film and eventually results in Chudnofsky 's assuming his own costumed persona , but a lame one . Behold Chudnofsky as he becomes ... Bloodnofsky . Everyone must now cower.What were they thinking , the powers that be ? That to properly revive a once popular pulp hero , it required a comedic swerve ? Seth Rogen is absolutely wrong for the Green Hornet role . And since Rogen gets co-writing and co-producing creds here , much of what happens onscreen has to be laid at his feet . A touch of humor is always welcome and appreciated , but only so far as it services story and plot and even characterization . The Green Hornet ai n't supposed to be frivolous and silly like the Mask . You could n't tell that in this movie.Even more egregious than the off-putting comedic tone is Rogen 's choice of how Britt Reid is portrayed . His Britt is abrasive and buffoonish , which I guess is okay to start with . But as the movie went on , Rogen does n't do or say anything to redeem his character or make him more appealing . He starts out obnoxious and then treads water . And this Britt Reid , he 's not even clever . No wonder he becomes envious of Kato.Speaking of , one of the film 's few saving graces is Jay Chou as Kato , inventor extraordinaire , expert kung fu master , and Britt Reid 's right hand man . Kato is clearly the brains in this operation , and this eventually becomes a source of tension between the two . There are some rough patches in which you ca n't make out what he 's saying because of his thick accent , but Chou carries himself well . Kato 's resourcefulness and his fight scenes are the film 's highlights , although the one knock against his fight scenes is that there was this clear catering to 3D , and so we get those extraneous special effects.Some other saving graces ? I thought the Hornet 's Black Beauty - a sleek 1965 Chrysler Imperial - was awesome . And the gas gun . And , okay , I did appreciate the exploration into the hero-sidekick relationship , and the neat swerve of the sidekick being ridiculously more capable than the lead hero.Cameron Diaz comes in as the eye candy that drives a wedge between the Hornet and Kato . Tom Wilkinson and Edward James Olmos spend their time onscreen avoiding eye contact with their self-esteem . What does it say about the film when the best moment it offers may be when the Hornet and Kato are in their tricked-out ride singing along to 2Pac 's `` Gangsta 's Paradise '' ? Or , wait , maybe the best scene is the one in which Britt Reid tries to come up with a code name for his new alter ego , and he arrives at `` the Green Bee . '' Or maybe that 's just wishful thinking . Because THE GREEN BEE may have fared better . It does n't come with the baggage of nostalgic expectations . Somewhere , Nicolas Cage is still marveling over his good luck . He abandoned ship just in time.The DVD 's bonus stuff -LRB- which features Seth Rogen 's incredibly annoying laugh -RRB-
 This movie was truly awful . The plot was weak , and I 've never seen anyone dodge so many bullets as these guys did . I 'm glad I only paid 1.00 at the kioske to rent it .
 This film is an absolute disappointment . Anyone wanting to see some extensive martial arts and action will be very disappointed . The most extended fighting scene is between the leading characters Britt Reid aka the Green Hornet -LRB- Seth Rogan -RRB- and Kato -LRB- Jay Chou -RRB- as they butt heads over Katos rightful inventions and fighting additions to the duo . Seth Rogan makes stupid and constant quips throughout the complete film . Katos fight scenes hold no where the intensity or action packed attempts the trailers and previews might let on . There is more fighting and skills proven from the film `` Kick Ass 's '' Hit Girl -LRB- Chloe Moretz -RRB- or Iron Man II 's Scarlett Johansson 's fightn scenes . Hollywood has run out of original material , because they are prone to ignoring ethnic writers with new material and continue remakes of old films , ie. , `` The Lone Ranger '' or `` Conan
 With Bruce Lee the original Green Hornet had some class . Not so with this version , when the writer , director and producer ca n't take a movie seriously how is the audience supposed to take it seriously .
 I rented this because the ads when it was released in theaters made it look like a fun movie . Well this is one of those movies where all the good parts are in the ads . If you are interested in this movie , look up the ads on Youtube and save your money . This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Why in the world did Edwards James Olmos sign up for this trash ?
 Comment
 I think that this movie had some great elements
 Green Hornet , the newest DC franchise to appear on the big screen , is some seriously lowbrow fare . Written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg , this plays more like The Three -LRB- ok , Two -RRB- Stooges than anything.Britt Reid -LRB- Rogen -RRB- is heir to his father 's newspaper/media empire . Growing up estranged from his father Britt becomes a total party-animal , living completely in the moment . The sudden death of his father leaves him questioning the direction of his life . A meeting with Kato -LRB- Chou -RRB- - his father 's personal mechanic who is much more than he seems - cements his new outlook and the two form a partnership to give meaning to their lives and help the citizens of L.A. By posing as villains they 'll be able to confront criminals on their own terms . Initially successful , their scheme runs into serious trouble when they go up against aging Russian gangster Chudnofsky -LRB- Waltz -RRB- , who 's having his own identity crisis and is trying to reinvent himself while consolidating the underworld under his authority.This movie is lots of noise , explosions and foolishness . You understand why it was plagued with so many problems since it never really seems to know what it 's doing . I 'm not saying that Green Hornet has to be like Batman Begins or anything , but this is just plain dumb . Rogen 's Britt Reid character is completely expendable ; other than being the rich guy who can pay for everything he 's useless , only good for one-liners and general goofiness . Whereas much like the tv show Kato literally does everything - he creates the weapons , kicks everyone 's behind and tricks out the car . Heck , by the end of the movie he even installed nano-technology into the damn thing ! During all this Reid repeatedly gets his butt kicked and talks smack . Seth Rogen wrote a movie where there 's no reason for his own character . That should tell you something right there.Christoph Waltz as Chudnofsky is the best thing in the movie . From the outset you can almost see him trying not to smile while delivering his lines - his character is funny and actually pretty sympathetic for a while . Jay Chou 's Kato is ok , but there 's no explanation for his skills ; as an orphan from the streets of Shanghai he 's practically Batman without the cape . Cameron Diaz is here in name only ; though her character plays a role in unfolding the plot Diaz herself does n't add anything to the proceedings . Since she 's there just for box office her part could 've been played by Kim Kardashian for what it 's worth . Yeah , I said it!Green Hornet is a stupid mess of a movie . There 's really not a lot to add other than two hours of this crud is way too long . A typical 90-minute action-comedy with b.s. , bullets and explosions would 've been much better . Just let this one buzz on by .
 I rented this movie , just as a thing to do , hanging out with some friends . It was so bad that we stopped half way through , shocked at how bad it was . Even more shocking when compared to other poor movies that we have sat through.I was really disappointed that this bad of a movie could come from the director of Eternal Sunshine of the Mind and writers of Superbad . . the movie should have been great , how did it go sooooo wrong?The actors , regardless of what they 've done in past movies -LRB- the bad guy was GREAT in Inglorious Bastards , Seth Rogen has been great in other movies -RRB- , all drown together in a shallow , jumbled mess of an unbelievable plot.I 've seen people saying it is a parody against superheros , to try to redeem it I suppose . No way . Even a parody should have a plot and dialog that holds up . The dialog and the characters just do not match . And I would guess they tried to save the move with over the top , crazy visual effects ... . yet they do nothing because they have no believable story to stand on.Foolishly the next day , after I had already stopped the movie once because it was so bad , I turned it back on and watched the 2nd half -LRB- I could n't help myself , it was like being fixated on a bad car wreck , I had to look -RRB- ... . unfortunately the director , writers , and cast outdid themselves , the 2nd half was worse than the 1st half . I curse the masochistic part of myself that hit play to watch the 2nd half.Run away , do not watch this movie .
 Seth Rogan - stick to stupid brainless comedies . You 're not an action star . As for Jay Chou , you were better than Seth Rogan , but really ??? Why could n't we get a Johnny Nguyen or that kid from IP Man
 As others have said , this is a very disappointing film . I would even say it was the worst action hero film I have seen to date . The reason for that was Rogan -LRB- who I normally love -RRB- decided to go for laughs instead of making a movie based on the actual Green Hornet of the past . It really seemed like he and his friends were doing a parody more than a real movie . I always try to support the 3D Blu Ray releases but can not bring myself to buy this garbage .
 I still remember the shock I felt when I first saw the movie version of The Wild Wild West and later watching the movie version of I SPY . I was hoping I would never experience such a feeling again . But it 's happened all over again and my only question is What the ... . were `` they '' thinking when they produced this garbage . I feel sorry for the viewers out there who never saw the orginal T.V. show or listened to the radio shows or saw the serials . Anyone that finds this movie `` fun '' or `` great '' must hate superhero movies . First , in all other versions Brit Reid is a very handsome , strong , wise and sensitive individual , -LRB- think Bruce Wayne -RRB- not this ugly jerk who cares about nothing but his damn coffee and is afraid of his own shadow . I could go on for pages about all the things I hated about this `` movie '' , even the villian , who seems very interesting at the beginning and is proably the only good part of the story , is reduced to a `` goofball '' by the end of all this foolishness . . and Cameron Diaz , come on 36 and the leader of the `` gang '' , what wasted talent ... what a wasted movie . Now the 3d effect , well this is a conversion after all and not a very good one either , So of the shots that take place in say , an office or a field , they have a great deal of depth , but other then that the 2d version is brighter and clearer . But who cares , do n't waste your money on this 3d set , unless , maybe you need some extra coasters for your drinks ... you 'll need a lot of them if you watch this all the way through .
 The fact that I got this movie as a gift from a coworker who could n't finish it herself should have told me something ... So anyhow . Green Hornet is a modern updating of the classic pulp detective franchise , although it owes more to the TV show with Bruce Lee than the older properties . Left with tons of free time , poor self esteem , and a chip on his shoulder that nobody who owns a Bugatti should possess , newspaper heir Britt Ried -LRB- Seth Rogan -RRB- teams up with his boffin mechanic and barrista -LRB- this is a surprisingly big plot point -RRB- Kato -LRB- Jay Chou -RRB- . Armed with a bulletproof car and the fighting skills of a movie Chinese guy -LRB- outstanding -RRB- and a doughy comedian -LRB- horrible -RRB- they wage a two-man war on crime , mostly for kicks . Cameron Diaz is there too but as in all of her movies , contributes nothing of meaning.The film itself is a pretty inoffensive buddy action comedy , and I might have enjoyed it except for three things : - Bizarre Benny-Hill style under-cranking used during practically any long cut-Seth Rogan-The writing -LRB- which is like 50 % part of the Seth Rogan element -RRB- The Benny Hill-vision is self explanatory so I 'll jump to Rogan . He is , as always , horrible - a bleating frat boy with the voice of a muppet , zero comic timing , and surprisingly bad posture for a professional actor . Rogan waddles around the film talking over other actors , blurting humorless non-sequiters , and generally trying to evince the sort of `` such an ass he 's charming '' ambiance as Vince Vaughn . Mr. Rogan , I have watched Vince Vaughn movies , and you are no Vince Vaughn . Chou is an exact opposite to Rogan , a blank slate with no personality save for a subtly murderous aggression . This is actually not unfaithful to Bruce Lee in many ways , but since Chou has very little screen presence and all his fights are wirework and CG , the emulation is incomplete at best . The writing is poor because there is far too much of it for this kind of film . Characters take long roundabout ways to say everything they say , awkward pauses go on so long they stop being funny and start seeming accidental , and the less said about the villain 's interminable waxing on bad guy fashion the better.There are doubtlessly people who will love this movie with all their hearts - the very easily impressed , for instance , who feel that the awful delivery of this movie 's terrible dialog is actually clever , or the very old who are happy that there IS a Green Hornet movie then go to sleep five minutes in . But if you want the experience of past Green Hornet material , skip this pile . And if you just want a flashy movie based on pulp characters , Alec Baldwin 's The Shadow or even Billy Zane 's The Phantom -LRB- Slam Evil ! -RRB- will both serve you better.PROS-There 's a scene where Kato is making coffee and Jay Chou 's stunt hands -LRB- apparently Mr. Chou can not make espresso and could n't be bothered to learn -RRB- show you how to make a sweet leaf pattern in the top with cream.-The film ends at some point.CONS-Horrible acting and punishing dialog are murderous to endure.-Seth Rogan is puppy-kicking unappealing and therefore a poor choice for the eponymous hero of the film.-Kato 's kung-fu sequences which should be a high point are instead silly music videos in which cables flail Mr. Chou at a bunch of stuntmen.-You will guess every plot twist 120 minutes before it occurs . That 's right , if you GUESS how the whole film goes right before you watch it , you will already know everything that happens.THINGS TO WATCH FOR-The late Mister Ried owns a car collection far in excess of what the owner of a single local paper could probably afford . Especially noteworthy is a scene in which Rogan systematically makes out with a party girl in every car in the garage , yet shies away from doing the deed in a Veyron . One assumes that there is simply no insurance that covers Seth Rogan defiling a 1.5 million dollar supercar -LRB- and wisely so -RRB- . - Kato goes overboard with the secret identity stuff . Like WAY overboard . His crime fighting car is hidden under and behind TWO OTHER PARKED CARS , a trick wall , and a hedge , and can still conceal all its weaponry . Note that he still gleefully wrecks it into cop cars and the environment at every opportunity.-The villain has a trademark semi-automatic with two offset barrels . Neither seems to have an action of any kind , or a magazine . This is lampshaded when he mentions that it was `` really hard to build . ''
 Hollywood has done it again !! It has taken a once proud , well produced franchise from the 60 's and has disintegrated the `` Green Hornet '' name . Congratulations , Hollywood !!! Maybe it is all an evil plot by some evil dictator or mad scientist ... simply dumb down the masses with idiotic movies that contain a lot of explosions , bikini clad bimbos and stupid dialogue and then take control of the planet earth . Well ... it 's quite a possibility if too many more movies like the Green Hornet are made.The only redeeming feature of this movie is the portrayal of Cato by Jay Chou . One can get the sense that he was trying to stay true to the Cato in the 60 's shows but Seth Rogen made it virtually impossible . Aside from Chou , the acting is horrible and the plot is so flipping predictable that the average child would get bored after an hour.Stay away from this movie if you have any respect for your brain cells !!!!
 This film is a non-traditional version of the Green Hornet and is somewhat silly . The Green Hornet is a slightly overweight rich boy who was a playboy doing silly things . When his father dies , he pals up with his father 's servant who made coffee for him , and decides to engage in even more difficult pranks , to become a better gangster than anyone else . His side kick is an expert at hand to hand combat , but the Green Hornet is little more than a bumbling fool . Thus , he is not a savior , but a foolish gangster .
 The Green Hornet is an outdated character . It was probably cool and exciting back in the days when a guy wearing a halloween ballroom mask was cool , m but like Superman , they can not fly in this era.I would say pass on this all together . They had too many 1960 's references from Kato 's clothes , to the cars to the music although it was supposed to take place now . This movie sucked and the cahracter was not one that people wanted on film . Bruce Lee 's The Green Hornet may be old , but at least you would want to see that because his career was cut short , and his superior skills . At least this film was funny . That is the ONLY thing that saved this for me . Is it just me or is Cameron Diaz an ugly broad ?
 In `` The Green Hornet , '' Britt Reid -LRB- Seth Rogen -RRB- , the son of metropolitan newspaper publisher James Reid -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- , spends his days carousing , throwing wild parties , drinking to excess , and passing out , much to the chagrin of his father . When his father unexpectedly dies , Britt is thrust into his father 's job -- a job he 's unqualified for and does n't take seriously.To strike back at a father who may have been the toast of the city but was a cold , distant dad , Britt enlists the assistance of his father 's automobile mechanic , Kato -LRB- Jay Chou -RRB- , in some local vandalism . Security cameras pick up their grainy images but the newspaper staff assumes the perpetrators are members of a gang . Britt orders his staff to write about the unidentified culprit and give him a snappy name that will sell papers . They call him `` The Green Hornet . `` Up until this point , the film is n't bad , and it promises some interesting dramatic moments balanced with action . But director Michel Gondry goes the route of camp in gagging up every situation that follows , with Rogen 's mugging and terrible acting undermining any attempt at a decent picture.Rogen is a limited actor who has become identified with man-boy social-misfit roles . In that capacity he 's fine and has developed a fan base . But he is clearly not action hero material . He goes through the motions , recites the lines , and tries to look determined , but we never once believe his character as a serious threat to the bad guys . His Green Hornet is a human cartoon doing everything but running off a cliff and remaining suspended in midair as he looks helplessly toward the camera.Chou 's Kato comes off as interesting , but he ca n't sell the comedic side of his role . It appears he has all he can handle to deliver his dialogue in English . There 's no irony , no timing , and no sense of humor in lines meant to elicit chuckles . In the action department , Chou is more effective showing off Kato 's lightning-fast karate moves and proficiency at building amazing gadgets and equipping cars with gimmicky weaponry.Satisfying the unwritten rule of action movies that in stature the bad guy must equal or even surpass that of the hero , Christoph Waltz plays Chudnofsky , the deadly crime king of the city . In an opening scene that borrows the menace of Waltz 's Nazi officer from `` Inglourious Basterds , '' Chudnofsky shows that despite his mild-mannered appearance and soft-spoken voice , he is a formidable villain . Equipped with a dual-barreled pistol , he is adept at knocking off upstart criminals , including James Franco in an unbilled cameo role , who threaten to muscle in on his turf.Cameron Diaz plays a secretary hired by Britt shortly after he takes over at the newspaper . Modeled on girl-Friday Pepper Potts in the `` Iron Man '' films , Diaz ' Lenore Case has little to do that is significant to the plot and is present primarily for attractive window dressing in this testosterone-driven flick.There are some good action sequences in `` The Green Hornet , '' including one involving several cement mixers , excitingly staged car chases , and an improbable scene in which a severed car continues its rampage through an office building.Humor is a tricky element in an action picture . It has to be incorporated in measured doses to be effective . The original `` Superman '' movie got it right , charming the viewer with gentle comedy without turning its superhero into the object of jokes . `` The Green Hornet '' looks as if a group of drunk , rich fraternity brothers put it together , assuming their sophomoric approach was hugely entertaining . When Hollywood throws its money into an ill-conceived project like this , it can only result in a dud . `` The Green Hornet '' is rated PG-13 for violent mayhem and strong language .
 Can I please get my money back - I will never get the time back that I spent watching it . 2 hours of Seth Rogen feeding what must be a monster ego - what studio ever green lighted this , crap .
 I walked into this with very little hope and when I was watching it with my friend I soon became bored and wanted deperately to leave.There is no hook here that pulls the audience in , nor do you relate to any of the characters . This movie is not funny , the action is okay , and it just did not cut it for me .
 This is a movie which could not make up its mind , comedy or action . The result was ridiculously poor movie . I am glad I only paid a buck to see this movie . I usually like most movies and find something good , ok the gadget were good , but the story was poor .
 The only saving grace is that I did not purchase this `` movie '' or view it at a theater . I rented it . But , even with that , it was a waste of money for the rental and electricity to operate the electronics to view it . I am ashamed to admit that I made it through almost 30 minutes . What a waste of human intelligence to write , produce and `` act '' in this film .
 As soon as Seth Rogen had a single thing to do with this film , IT WAS RUINED ! Do n't get me wrong , I think he was great in his previous comedy roles , but this is not supposed to be a comedy . This was a great opportunity to bring the buzz back around one of the greatest martial artists that ever lived -LRB- Bruce Lee -RRB- , but it was done so bad , no one could even link him to the character Kato -LRB- which , given the outcome of the movie - is a good thing -RRB- . Seth should stay away from doing serious , dramatic , or action type movies , because much like `` Al Bundy '' - I just want to laugh when I see him . A great vehicle completely wasted!Why would anyone want to buy this movie ? ... I only went to see it on the big screen because a friend insisted we at least give it a chance ... yeah , he could not believe he was so wrong and apologized afterwards and he hated the movie as well . Rogen IS funny , and does not belong to this hero.And yes , easily one of the worst movies EVER made . What the * bleep * were they thinking ? ... they should have trashed this project or postponed it as soon as Kevin Smith left it.Lastly , if you want some idea of how good it could have been , check out the short on youtube made just a few years ago , it is only about 10 minutes long , but excellent compared to this garbage feature.I am still horribly disgusted with this attempt.Cheers , everyone !
 That was probably the biggest mistake with the making of this film . Rogen pretty much brought his Pineapple express , Observe and report , and Zack and Miri characters and mashed them all into Britt Reid.That was n't a good idea , since most , if not all comic book heroes do n't throw F bombs into every other sentence . Comedy in a comic book hero is one thing , but it should n't be over the top.This is a PG-13 movie , but even that should be a strong 13 with all the vulgar language . I like vulgarity as much as the next guy , but watching it with my pre-teen child was not a good idea on my part .
 As a fan of action movies , I too was driven into the realm of The Green Hornet.Wow , I thought , a movie of the old stupid television show , man was I wrong , the television version is far superior against this schlock.Take my advice it 's an actual sleeper , you 'll fall asleep watching this dreck , especially the horrendous acting by Seth Rogan.Maybe he should retire from acting , because he certainly did n't do much of it in The Green Hornet , he 's not funny in any sense.Althought the special effects were ok , the movie lacked that umph that other movies in the same genre have , I would rather watch the A-Team movie , at least it 's funny and does n't have to rely on a car to have people watch it.All in all it was a # 2 on a 1-5 list , save your money for something good , because folks , this was n't .
 I 'll keep this review short and brief ... the way this `` film '' should have been!Regardless whether we 're talking about a pulp fiction vigilante , radio serial adventurer , or comic book crime fighter , the one thing a hero ca n't be is selfish or cowardly.And unfortunately , Seth Rogen 's portrayal of the classic radio serial vigilante of the ' 30 's and ' 40 's , and tv masked crime fighter of the 1960 's -LRB- for which this movie is based on -RRB- contains both of those traits.Sure , the hero can -LRB- and should -RRB- have flaws . That 's what makes him identifiable to the audience.But THIS `` Green Hornet '' actually ABANDONS Kato during a botched sting . He even yells out , `` Every man for himself ! `` At that point , I knew I wasted money seeing this.It would n't be fair to compare Seth Rogen to either Gordon Jones -LRB- the movie matinee serial -RRB- or Van Williams -LRB- the ' 60 's tv show -RRB- , since a movie and actor should be taken on his own merits.But a cowardly , selfish `` hero ? `` Forget it !
 The only good thing that I can say about this movie was that I rented it for $ 1 from RedBox , so I do n't feel too bad about wasting money on it . Even still , I could n't bring myself to even finish this $ 1 rental .
 What 's good
 Its either an unexciting superhero movie or an unfunny comedy , but it definitely fails at both . The acting is horrible -LRB- especially the Seth Rogan -RRB- . The dialogue is mundane and the plot so thin its `` transparent . '' Rented this on Amazon ; what a waste of time and money .
 I was so disappointed in this movie . Seth Rogen 's portrayal of Britt Reid as sniveling and whiny is not my idea of a superhero . I would have given this a one-star rating except for the fact that I enjoyed Jay Chou -LRB- Kato -RRB- and hope to see him again .
 In my opinion ... REALLY ??? After watching this , I just could n't get with it . From beginning to end , this character was n't taken seriously , in fact , if it was n't for the character of KATO and BLACK BEAUTY , I would have fallen to sleep on it long before the movie ended . I do n't mind restructuring characters as long as there is a meaning and a purpose at the end . If THE GREEN HORNET was meant to be that bumbling , then a new actor should have been introduced . It would have made the movie more believeable and flow that much smoother . Using a known actor who has made a nice living off of being `` the loveable , yet -LRB- and I use the word again -RRB- bumbling guy '' kinda killed it for me and made the movie more of a financial waste of time and resources instead of bringing to life a character strong enough to warrant a sequel ... I mean , a REAL sequel .
 While the Green Hornet might have made it out alive by the skin of his teeth in this movie ... in this viewer 's world he died a horrible lingering death . The Green Hornet could have been an awesome movie if the characters had been given some respect . This was suppose to be a movie about a hero . Yet , not a single heroic action occurred in this film . Even Kato who was the highlight of this feature turned out to be no more than Rogen 's glorified babysitter . And what the heck was Diaz doing in there ?!!! The fact that they had an age reference for her `` twilight '' years just made it even worse . Loved the car , the costumes , and Kato - other than that this movie packs about as many bombs as the car itself !
 I can not believe what they did with what could have possibly been a great adaptation of a classic Hero series !! I mean seriously in updating a hero 's image to our time does that always translate into `` Daddy issues '' and a hero that gets wasted every night ? Please hollywood a little character depth can go a long ways . Leaving the original series aside the characters were flat and typical and by any standard they were poorly conceived.The specific complain that I have , aside from a herrendous plot , is the complete disregard for the original series . Did the director and writers ever see an episode ? I understand the original series comes from a relatively primitive time as far as our current standards for entertainment are concerned BUT there is something majorly wrong here . The original Green Hornet character was educated , clever , respectful toward Kado and had presence . This new Green Hornet seems like he belongs more in the movie the `` Hangover . '' Most of the time I did not care for what he had to say . It is clear that the movie was meant to be a comedy -LRB- and it did make me laugh at times -RRB- but in my opinion that was a bad call from the start . The original series was not meant to be light minded like this movie . So in their attempt to re-invent the wheel they came up with the crappy concept that the movie is.Avoid this film if at all possible , you may see it laugh a little but you will not enjoy the movie .
 This movie simply lacks everything . The acting is so bad that I ca n't find the words to describe it . Horrible might even be a compliment . I only watched this movie because of the more-than-brilliant CHRISTOPHER WALTZ who is one of the finest actors of all time . I 've seen most of his german movies and I can not think of the slightest reason why he signed up for this crap . Beats me totally.I actually fast forwarded most of the movie because it became unbearable to watch .
 So my verdict is officially in on the Green Hornet . Im going to say that I didnt like it . I have a feeling that 2011 will go down as the year the funny man killed the super hero movie . Im not one to pigeon hole an actor and I think Seth Rogen should be given the chance to spread his acting wings . Sadly he didnt do that in the Green Hornet . The movie comes off as a bromance comedy with a Rush Hour feel . I like my super hero movie gritty with doses of one liners . The Green Hornet feels more like a running one liner with a super hero subplot . Kato -LRB- Jay Chou -RRB- is the only saving grace for the movie . Great slow-mo fighting style and all the gadgets that would make Bond blush . Christoph Waltzs acting ability is severely undercut by the horrible comedic lines hes supposed to deliver . And the less said about Cameron Diaz in this movie the better . Leave your Dark Knight expectations at the door and get ready for something in between a Schumacher meets Michael Bay type movie . By all means check it out for the great special effects and comic book style camera angles . Be ready to cringe during the musical number of Gangstas Paradise which goes on much much longer than it should . C
 did not like the movie , the main guy whom was green hornet did not play his part good but the butler did
 I have had this movie in the home quite a few months , but I just have never had the time to watch it . It was something that I heard my two older sons talking about and thought I would buy it and see what it was about . Unfortunately I still have n't had a chance to watch it .
 The Green Hornet played as a buffoon . New Blu-Ray copies of this title are selling for just a couple of $ $ s. . . this should give you some idea of what a piece of garbage the movie is.It 's all been said before and the film has been almost universally panned , except for a handful of people who must be related to Seth Rogan , clearly the movie 's weakest link . Rogan is grossly miscast and should stick to dumb comedies where his stupid attitude and smart mouth may find some degree of acceptance with a pre-pubescent schoolboy audience . Which misguided soul told this fatty , unappealing slice of Canadian bacon he was funny . . ??? The casting agent for The Green Hornet movie should be taken outside and given a good slapping.Columbia Pictures , Please remake The Green Hornet starring Keanu Reeves at Brett Reid and Donnie Yen at Kato . What you have done is a travesty . . !! That being said , the movie as a whole is an interminable yawnfest . It took me three goes to sit through it before I tossed the dvd into the bin . This piece of cinematic pig swill makes one yearn for the Van Williams / Bruce Lee television series of the mid-60s . Now THAT was cool!Don ' t waste your money . Not funny enough to be a comedy . Too stupid to be an actioner . A total waste of celluloid .
 Never been a Rogan fan but I tried to not let that prejudice me against Green Hornet . It did n't help . If you liked the Batman TV series , with Adam West and Burt Ward , then you ... might ... like this . It 's not a good action film and it 's not a good comedy . It 's not a horrible movie but it 's not good either . I know that sounds wishy-washy , but that 's the feeling I got after the movie . `` Meh ... '' They tried to make this a comedy but , for me , it did n't work . In my humble opinion , this should 've been a much darker movie . `` Dark '' like Sin City ??? Maybe . Sadly , the only thing I walked away from the movie with was the Black Beauty . Awesome car .
 I am very sorry I spent my hard earned money on this . Very bad acting , two hours of my life I will never get back .
 This reveiw is towards the green hornet movie and in no way towards the classic tv show . I dont know where to begin , this movie is utterly terrible in every way possible.Most of the reviews that are negative have hit a bullseye dead on.to explain this movie would take a novel , the only thing worth seeing is the black beauty car and really that is it.to make it simple this is what it boils down too ... terrible script ... terrible acting ... a total waste of money and time and also a WASTE OF MY LIFE FOR TWO HOURS !!!! If the studios wish to go bankrupt please by all means have seth rogan write scripts for all your movies ... this movie truly needs to be a training film for directors on what not to do in making a movie ... if you truly want to see the real green hornet as he was meant to be check out the 1960 's tv show with the legendary bruce lee , now thats is the way kato should be.The movie is really bad when theres no chemistry with any of the actors especially with the main characters hornet and kato ... even writing this review is embarrassing knowing i even watched this piece of hollywood garbage.Whats next the green hornet the musical written also by seth rogan ...
 So , they had a chance to build on the legends of the Reed family . The Lone Ranger and The Green Hornet.And short and sweet , `` THEY BLEW IT ! `` This Movie is n't worth anything . They made this movie into a mockery of two great American legends by trying to turn this movie into a comedy . What a waste of time and money .
 Do n't waste your precious greenbacks , on the Green hornet . I rented this movie and was very disappointed , by the ignorant buffoonery of unfunny Seth Rogen . Right away Seth lets everyone knows he 's not a serious minded , crime fighting hero . Kato carried some of the fight sequences , but could not carry the whole movie , even though he was the sidekick , and the movie was titled after his outrageous leader . Intelligent conduct , was not portrayed by this hornet , so I stopped watching , after 5 minutes of wasting my time , while witnessing the buffoonish , minstrelsy.I found nothing from this Green Hornet , that was convincing , serious , or genuinely funny . At no time during this movie , will you fantasize that this Green Hornet , reminds you of the original Green Hornet . This Green Hornet acts like a damned fool throughout this movie , and portrays an outdated minstrel show buffoon wearing black face . The new Kato at times mildly reminds you of Bruce Lee , and is just a tad more serious . I can not give a detailed review about this movie , because I did n't spend much time with it.I continued to fast forward this movie , to see if Seth Rogen 's stupid minstrelsy would subside , but it only get 's worse . This movie is an irritating disgrace , to the legacy of the real Bruce Lee 's efforts . I will submit one star just to get this review posted , there 's just no other way around it . I 'm in total agreement with the majority of other reviewers . You will not find anything heroic , or remotely believable about these two action figure 's . I was taken by surprise because , the cover has them both looking so serious , but the movie is actually horrific , and in very poor taste .
 This is absolute garbage , stupid , inane , moronic . Someone should have slapped the crap out of Seth Rogen for making this movie . No they should have done it before he made the movie . One star is way too much .
 This is the first movie in a long time that I actually quit watching half way through and returned it to redbox . I 'm usually a fan of Seth Rogan , but I think he needs to stick with the dumb stoner parts and nothing more . They could have made this a powerful dark night style of action movie with a lot of mystery , suspense and a true feeling for the characters , but it falls flat on every level . You have know concern for the main characters and the story seems pointless and boring ... ehhhh
 I turned it off 1/2 way through . Kato was entertaining to watch , however Seth is just a bad actor and did nothing for this movie . He 's horrible , and has no business playing a superhero - even as lame as the Green Hornet . He should stick to stoner movies ... much more his speed.Don ' t bother with this one . It really is as bad as the reviews said - I should have listened !
 Just because you can do something does n't mean you should . Horrible script , beyond predictable , a major waste of money . And I 'm not just talking about the money paid to see it -- I 'm talking about the money put into it.I enjoy action movies and hero movies , super or otherwise . This could have been and should have been cool . But Seth Rogen should n't have had any part in it . Instead of taking the action movie and putting a twist on it , he should have stepped aside . It did not work.I saw an interview with Rogen where he said that he got stoned before he wrote scripts . Dude , that is so obvious . This movie was an utter waste of talent -LRB- even the Oscar-winning Christoph Waltz was n't any good ! -RRB- , special effects and a cool car .
 My time is precious and I wo n't hesitate to salvage every minute I can instead of wasting another second on such a fowl film!The Green Hornet had the feel of a TV sitcom . I could absolutely care less about any of the characters . The dialog was so bad it was incredibly annoying . The story is so poorly written the best actors in the world would not have made any difference ! The Green Hornet was dull , unimaginative , tedious ; and what a waste of money during a recession ! But I 'm glad to report that on a Friday night - in a big city like Baltimore - only a handful of people were in the theater ! The only way to stop rip-off films from being made is not to pay to see them ! I used to be a regular movie goer , but not anymore ! After seeing the Green Hornet , I think I will continue spending my hard-earned money on good books instead of wasting it on trash like the Green Hornet!See : Showgirls , Teen Wolves , and Astro Zombies
 A mish-mash and hodge-podge of half-baked notions and confusing set-pieces and laboriously lame atempts at humor . The two leads ca n't act and seem uncomfortable in the extreme . Cameron Diaz looks cute but has nothing to do . James Franco pops in briefly , probably relieved . Terrific actors Tom Wilkinson and Christoph Waltz do their best with the inept script -LRB- again Rogen -RRB- . An opportunity missed to not go back to the 30s and do it in the pseudo-serious style of the great radio show . $ 130 million wasted and no one at the studio with enough creative nerve to say `` this stinks . '' Sad .
 This movie was a complete mockery of the Green Hornet and I was deeply disappointed . The star of this movie is nothing but a Jewish stand-up comedian in a green hornet costume . He portrays the Hornet as a spoiled brat who really has no self-worth , and lives off his his rich father 's newspaper and does n't have a clue as to what the word `` work '' is . The Hornet in this movie sleeps with several different women every night and gets drunk , then wakes up the next morning with a servant serving him coffee in bed . At one point , he pitches a big fit and screams because his coffee suddenly does n't taste the same way . The Kato character was pretty cool . So was the Black Beauty and all the gadgets , but that 's about it . If you have n't gone to see this yet , do n't waste your money - it is n't worth it . The only way a person could possibly like this movie is if they were n't born back in the 60s or 70s . The Van Williams/Bruce Lee series had dignity and was truly a crime fighter that served the public . The Van Williams Hornet was also rich but he was discrete about it and did n't flaunt it . I can only hope that a director like Sam Raimi -LRB- Spiderman -RRB- will remake this lame movie to portray the Green Hornet as the crime fighter he really was .
 It must have been difficult to make a movie this bad . Some movies are so bad that they actually become good in a funny way . This movie is not one of them . It is not suitable for either adults or children . It is painful to watch , and gave me a headache .
 Kind of movie that makes you wonder who actually thought this was worth spending money on from both producing it and then paying money to watch it.I agree that the original Green Hornet series itself was a bit campy but this movie had the budget to make it really good . They fail in all fronts
 I have the 1930 , 1940 , and the 1970 of the Green Hornet and this movie make him out to be a jerk.What a disgrace on how the Hornet is portray in this slop of a so-called movie , even his clothes is a digrace .
 The movie would have been better with the sound off . The dialogue was ridiculous . It was like totally unscripted ; they may as well have had the actors role play the whole scene . The trailer was better than the whole movie . I thought from the trailer that this would be a great movie -- but what a waste of my time and money . The action and special effects were good -- too bad the writters and script were so terrible . No wonder I did n't even know it was in the theater until it had passed through and was on it 's way to DVD no one dared admit they had seen it .
 What a terrible movie ! Seth Rogen 's acting is as bad as it gets . There is nothing worth seeing in this disaster of a film . Hardest of all is the thought of whqt this movie could have been . Let 's just flush this one and hope that someone will give it another try .
 I like to buy movies soon after they hit the shelve for sale . When I saw that I could preorder the DVD from AMAZON.com I though that I was getting a deal . I did n't know I would be getting it days or weeks after it 's release . I also found out that I could have gotten it for less . So I will not be ordering preorders in the future.Thank you Floyd
 This movie was not only stupid and done horribly , I give all movies a 1 that DVD manufacturer/producers have started making the consumer buy Blue Ray to view any of the extra features . Worse , they have a menu and sub-menus of extras . Each one taking you to a message that says you have to purchase Blue Ray to view . What ? You were n't making enough millions on DVDs ? I will NEVER purchase a Blue Ray system . DVD is just fine with me . I ca n't afford , nor will I let any producer shove formats down my throat . How possitively rude . Boycot these fiends !
 Saw this waste of film on an international flight across the Pacific Ocean ... so bad I thought of asking the airline to refund part of my ticket price . This film deserves to be destroyed -- all copies -- everywhere ...
 The worst superhero movie of all time . It was so bad it made me angry I spent the money . Seth Rogan should be sued that people actually paid to see this mess .
 This is the worst superhero movie I 've ever seen . I 've seen Catwoman , The Punisher , Electra but this one takes the cake . First off Seth Rogen is completely miscast in this film . He 's out of his element here . The character Brit Reid is annoying as heck . This character off as the poor man version of Batman . He 's a wan na be Batman . The only reason I gave this money a two stars it was Jay Chou . He 's what kept the audience interested . If they do sequel please have Jay Chou . This movie should n't have never been in 3D . I consider this a rental or wait for cable .
 Take all of the bad parts of the prior reviews , multiply by 10 , and that 's about where I was on this one . The part that almost made me throw something was where they went to Diaz 's house while the cops were going door-to-door and she was basically smacking them around like a couple of 2 year olds . Pathetic and embarassing .
 When contemporary audiences watch the old Green Hornet TV show for the first time , I imagine many have the same reaction I had the first time I saw it . `` Hey , that 's Bruce Lee ! Are you kidding ? He 's just the sidekick ? `` I can not help but believe , as I watched this movie , that the writers had the same idea and wanted to make a movie that said , `` See , the Green Hornet 's all about the sidekick ! '' In fact , it does not just want to say that , it wants to shout it from the rooftops throughout the film . As a result , we have a Kato that does it all , and a Green Hornet that remains an inept , self centered loser the entire movie . And just in case you did n't get the hint that it 's all about the sidekick , an arguement between the two `` heroes '' results in Kato kicking the Green Hornet 's posterior all over the screen . Now , as silly as it seems that Bruce Lee was just a sidekick in the original show , I do n't think there were that many fans that wanted him to kick Van William 's -LRB- TV GH -RRB- a $ $ . And though no one measures up to Mr. Lee in fighting ability , the original TV Green Hornet was certainly not portrayed as a complete baffoon , as he is here.The movie simply pushed the slacker Hornet idea too far , allowed no growth for the character , and failed miserably because of it.On the plus side , the villian had some amusing moments .
 Awful . Tedious . Waste of talent . The excessive wanton destruction that takes place in this comedy -LRB- ? -RRB- reminds me of Spielberg 's 1941 . You can tell that the screenwriters have run out of ideas when they fill up the time with scene after scene of that favorite staple of the contemporary formula action movie...non-ending machine gun fire , that tears up the sets , makes lots of noise ... and does little else . The movie started out all right , but then keeps bouncing back and forth between serious -LRB- ? -RRB- scenes , and then slapstick , and then vulgarity and back to serious again , and then on ... and on ... and ... oh ? is that the sound of me snoring through the `` action '' scenes ? The star of the movie ? The Black Beauty , and of course , they have to go overboard with that , too . Not even worth a rent .
 Seth Rogen - so overrated , a growing pain in the ass.Jay Chou - pathetic caricature of Bruce Lee.Cameron Diaz - Mary is getting older , not funnier.Christoph Waltz - a retarded Hans Landa in gangsta style.James Franco - his uncredited cameo deserves some credit.Tom Wilkinson - clearly did this only for the money.Edward James Olmos - ditto .
 The writers of this film had diaper rash of the brain ... Like litte children on a playground , they had to throw as much filthy language around as they could and I NEVER so disliked a hero ... obnoxious , unfunny , ego-centric and STUPID ... Half way through the film , I was rooting for the villian ... to see a classic Green Hornet look up the 1940 's serial ... I should n't be too upset . . Lately Hollywood has been turning our more crap and an atomic powered outhouse ...
 This was the WORST insult to a Green Hornet fan imaginable . They take a frat boy who belongs in court for sexual harassment and pretend even losers can have mojo . Whatever happened to achievers being called to an ever higher level of service . America , go on pretending that a debauched life with no discipline can make a super hero . I still remember getting my Green Hornet ring in a bag of Wise potato chips as a kid in the ' 60 's .
 I waited so long to see the Green Hornet and was totally disappointed . The writers actors , director ruined it with exception for Kato who was great in his action shots.The movie was poorly cast with exception of Kato . However , the story line was ridiculous and I was pretty amazed this did n't go straight to DVD . While I agree that this should never have been a feature film I do n't want it to rate a B movie since some B films I have actually enjoyed to watch and this was n't one of them . They took a classic and ruined it .
 I ca n't believe this was considered a feature film and not a B movie . If all you care about is explosions , you will love this movie . And , if all you care about is Cameron Diaz , you might also love this movie.But , if you care anything about storyline , plot , character development or just good acting , you will be disappointed.Seth Rogen should just be ousted from Hollywood after such a catastrophic , epic motion picture failure .
 Like I said , watched the movie 1/2 way through then kept fast-forwarding to the end ! I have never written a review on any item I have purchased , let alone a movie . What a horrible waste of money and time ... remember , I fast-forwarded through it . So many better movies in this category .
 The 3D version of the film was converted from 2D to 3D after filming and most of the film is not in 3D at all . It 's a useless conversion and a good idea would be to skip the 3D version if you plan on purchasing the film . Just get the standard Blu Ray disc and save yourselves the $ 5 - $ 10 on the 3D disc .
 The Green Hornet movie is one that I 've been looking forward to for years . It 's been rumored to be coming since the early 90 's . It went through numerous incarnations that somehow did n't make it . From actors like George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg as the Hornet to Jet Li and Stephen Chow as Kato . A script was written by no less than Kevin Smith that was recently made into the first 10 issues of the Green Hornet comic book . Somewhere in there it seemed like they had the nuts and bolts of it right ... and then Seth Rogen entered the picture.Rogen is one of America 's beloved buffoons . Necessary to the American psyche , buffoons have a hallowed place in cinema . From the sidekicks of Gene Autry , Roy Rogers , the Durango Kid , et al to Jerry Lewis , Dick Van Dyke , and Owen Wilson , to the films that serve as a commentary on the buffoon lifestyle -LRB- Up In Smoke , Big Lebowski , Knocked Up -RRB- , each of us has a buffoon we admire . Buffoons generally realize their place in the movies and are usually content to work that vein for all they can . Buffoons are typecast and -LRB- usually -RRB- should not attempt to crossover to leading man roles . Rogen has attempted that step , I believe -LRB- the script makes it hard to tell for sure -RRB- , and fallen badly in his try.The script for the Green Hornet was written by Seth Rogen . I have no doubt that he 's a very smart man in his area of expertise , but , as of yet , that does n't include action/adventure . He ca n't make up his mind if he wants it to be in the action genre , comedy , or thriller , and ends up failing to be any of the above . It never rises above the level of a 10 year old , resorting to violence , explosions , and gunfire in an attempt to cover its inadequacies . Even Rogen 's attempts at comedy are , for the most part , unfunny . His Hornet whines and needs constant pampering . There is no attempt to be edgy , moody , or dark . You will not mistake this for The Dark Knight . The premiere of NBC 's new show The Cape , seen last week and mediocre at best , was Max Allan Collins meets Raymond Chandler compared to this . Rogen is the Green Hornet in the same manner as it would have been if Benny Hill had been cast as James Bond -LRB- which is not totally unlike the Moore James Bond , but that 's for another time -RRB- . The Green Hornet tv show was made in 1966 on a shoestring budget . The special effects were rudimentary . Yet that old series far outshines this movie . Van Williams played the Hornet as a tough-as-nails and hardcore fighter . Bruce Lee played every fight scene with total energy and effort . Those qualities are simply not to be found here . Even the two serials from the 40 's rank one star higher than this , the poorest of entries in the GH family history.There were two bright spots that I found . First was Jay Chou 's portrayal of Kato . While lacking the charisma of Bruce Lee , Chou 's Kato was intelligent and witty , a partner rather than a sidekick . I hope to see him in more U.S. movies . The second was an early scene in the movie in Britt 's room that showed a poster reproduction of a cover from an issue of Dynamite 's Lone Ranger comic . For those that might not know , the Lone Ranger -LRB- John Reid -RRB- is the great-uncle of the Green Hornet -LRB- Britt Reid -RRB- . The tip of the hat was very nice . Interestingly , in 1980 a revival was attempted of the Lone Ranger . While the movie had a few nice moments it had generated so much bad publicity before it even was released that it bombed . I believe that Rogen 's Hornet will make some money if for no other reason than mom and dad being able to take the 10 year olds to it , but quality-wise it actually ranks under the 1980 Lone Ranger.I really wanted to like this movie . I knew that reconstructing the magic of the series was impossible ... I 'm not 12 anymore . I went in knowing that things would be different and for the first half hour kept telling myself that it was good . Sooner or later we learn to stop lying to ourselves . Not even Jeff Imada 's martial choreography could save it . Here 's hoping that it does n't spawn a series of movies , each one less than the one before it . Masked heroes can be done right ... Batman and Spider-Man , case in point . Even Ben Affleck 's Daredevil was much better than this . This movie is silly and unintelligent and Seth Rogen should be ashamed of himself . Come to think of it , the producers should be ashamed of themselves because apparently they thought it was some good stuff . Do n't waste your money on this one . You 'll buy it for the kids , they 'll watch it once , and you 'll sell it in that garage sale you have every summer . Buy the old series on dvd ... you 'll keep that , if for no other reason than to watch Bruce .
 The Green Hornet is a mystery film . The mystery is in how so many talented people working together could end up producing something this mind-bogglingly lame?Consider the talent involved : Michael Gondry , Director - winner of Oscar for Best Original Screenplay , director of imaginative films like The Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , The Science of Sleep , and Be Kind Rewind.Seth Rogen , Writer and actor - winner of Emmy award for comedy writingJay Chou , actor - one of the top singers , song-writers and actors in the Chinese movie and music scene todayTom Wilkinson , actor - twice nominated for Oscar , winner of BAFTA , Golden Globe , Emmy and Screen Actors Guild awardsChristoph Waltz , actor - winner of Oscar , BAFTA , Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards for Best Supporting ActorEdward James Olmos , actor - nominated for Oscar , winner of Golden Globe and Emmy awardsDavid Harbour , actor - nominated for Tony awardCameron Diaz , actress - nominated for BAFTA and Screen Actors Guild awards , winner of Golden Globe awardJames Newton Howard , musical score - multiple nominations for Grammy , Emmy and Oscar awards for music scores and songs , winner of Grammy and Emmy for music score and songAll this talent - and a final budget somewhere around $ 120M - and yet all we have to show for it is an inane half-baked script , badly acted , made as a 3D film for no discernable reason whatsoever , and arguably one of the worst adaptations of a super-hero character ever made into a film , which considering the genre is really saying something -LRB- it 's worse than Daredevil , Catwoman , Ghost Rider and all Punisher movies combined -RRB- . There are so many things wrong with The Green Hornet that it 's really hard to know where to begin . It was a bad sign that , five minutes into the film I was already getting a really bad feeling about what I was seeing and was wondering if it was too late to slip out and catch some other movie instead . Having sat through the entire god-awful mess , I can tell you know that if you 've seen the trailer for the film , then you 've already seen 90 percent of everything worth seeing in the entire movie . If you have not seen the movie yet , then you can still spare yourself the experience of enduring a complete waste of your time.It 's almost a toss-up as to what the biggest single problem was
 I wish I could give it zero stars but I have to give at least one star . I 'm not too familiar with the green hornet -LRB- of course I 've heard of him -RRB- but since the movie is supposed to be action/adventure , I thought it would be interesting to watch . Boy , was I as wrong . The movie is predictable if nothing else . SPOILER ALERT or not since the movie is predictable . Rich father , spoiled , rebellious son , father murdered , son gets his act together and revenges father 's death , make amends with dead father . Seth Rogen plays the green hornet -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- in the same manner as all of his other roles
 This movie totally sucks unless you know absolutely nothing about the television series . Of late the trend has been to take tv shows or older movies and make them funny . Big mistake , Green Hornet was never meant to be funny . I am not saying that there were n't funny moments in the tv show because there was . Like when Bruce got stuffed in to the garbage can by one of the crazier villians on the show . Al films have this in them , some than others but this was atrocious . The only good thing was the car and that was blown out of proportion as well . Yes , I know there is no Bruce Lee around to fill in the gaps in this movies but even he could n't have saved it . I knew it was in trouble when they let Seth Rogen be the lead in it , it was down hill from that moment on . I would like to see a more serious or truer version than this . Follywood please leave the originals alone .
 I read a number of reviews before ordering this movie and just a short way into the movie I was regretting not giving heed to the many negative reviews . I am just about at the one hour mark and even though I purchased the 3D version of this movie for only $ 14.99 , I am wishing I had not wasted that money . I will have to force myself to finish this movie and hopefully , I will be able to unload it at a movie exchange store for at least a few dollars . Save your money and a couple of hours of your time and miss this turkey .
 I was so sad after I saw the Green Hornet , I liked the old TV show but not this movie.I was hopeing for something like BatMan 1989 , what I got was Hangover well a PG one good fore kids not for me .
 The script lacked in originality ; the cast did n't match the characters and the characters did n't match the founding idea ; for a comedy , the humor left much to be desired ; and the actors failed to portray believable characters.This movie was an epic fail. : -LRB-
 just want to know where was the script for this movie ? the longer this movie went on i found it to be almost like they filmed this with an outline and the rest ... or should i say ALOT of this was filmed as adlibe . a really pitty it could have been so much better .
 Very disappinted in this one . Nothing like the original series in 60 's . Save your money . But the orginal series back in 60 's .
 I bought this because I thought these two were great as a radio program . This had a lot of profanity .
 A horrible , poorly written , and crass movie . Highly NOT recommended . Mute it and it may be ok to watch . The casting should be a clue . Even without knowing the Green Hornet history it is not a fun film for anyone that uses more than 2 percent of their brain.I gave it a chance because I also scoffed at Michael Keaton as Batman . I was definitely wrong then . NOT this time . This beats Batman and Robin as one of the worst Superhero flicks . Luckily , it was so insignificant it did not step the genre back to the ages of Bam , Pow , and Whap !
 I actually walked out of this movie as I felt my IQ slowly draining out my ears . A sad remake of a solid 60 's era action hero series . Actors/Hollywood should be ashamed ... Only buy if you need the plastic for a child 's arts project !
 I 'll keep it short and simple , this is one of the worst movies ever made . This movie deserves to be lumped in with Joel Schumacher 's atrocious Batman & Robin . After seeing the trailers I was looking forward to a superhero movie with a sense of humor featuring a guy I like , Seth Rogen . This Green Hornet tries to be Pineapple Express with Rogen reprising his role from that movie and Jay Chou in a non-stoned James Franco role . Jay Chou is easily the best thing in this disaster , and talented actors like Tom Wilkinson , Edward James Olmos , and Cameron Dias are completely wasted . Go watch Pineapple Express again and wait for the sequel to that much better movie . AVOID THIS MOVIE AT ALL COSTS ! This is 2011 's The Last Airbender !
 Bad story , bad acting ... even worse inputs of comedy . Not true to the real story . Have more fun flushing four one-dollar-bills down the toilet then renting this `` movie '' .
 There no way anything this bad could not have been an inside joke . I can hear the producers and the director laughing their heads off after pulling off the crime of the century . What a waste of 3d technology . If they keep coming up with this kind of crap it will mean the death knell of 3d . Please make them stop . It hurts so bad .
 Seth Rogen lied through his teeth . He kept trying to convince people that he would do for the Hornet what Michael Keaton did for Batman . He kept saying that he would look `` cool '' and that this movie would be so different from anything he ever did , and how he took such a risk playing the character . What did he end up giving us ? The same tired `` comedy '' that he always gives us . Just image his character from pineapple express wearing a mask . Thats ALL this nonsense was , in the end . He turned the character into a complete joke , for his own twisted amusement . Since this movie failed , I doubt we will be seeing a sequel with Rogen anytime soon , but heres hoping in a few years that we will get a reboot from someone who actually cares about the character , and who wo n't just defile the material in an attempt to give themselves an extra minute of fame .
 This movie was so bad all main actors should start taking acting lessons from Adam Sandler . Except Seth RogenThis movie was so bad Seth Rogen should be paid for NOT being in the movies.This movie was so bad the harder it tried , the more it failed.This movie was so bad that I stopped watching it in the middle even though I paid for it on-demand and had nothing else to do . And if you knew me better you would realize that it counts for somethingThis movie was so bad it should 've been called `` Bad movie ''
 Seth Rogen as The Green Hornet . Coming next , Seth Meyers as Superman . The witty `` Jewish '' humor is great for comedy and buffoonery . But thanks to Rogen both acting and writing this movie , we get comedy and buffoonery in both ... the acting and the writing . My father used to listen to the Green Hornet on the radio as a kid . He took one look at Rogen during a trailer and got sick to his stomach . As did I.
 Seth Rogen shines early , and the premise is promising , but so much of this movie just plain does n't work . Every other character seems false and about as 3-dimensional as cardboard . Diaz and Chou both seem lost or characters from another movie . Waltz 's arch-enemy character is lame and how on earth did the editors decide that 2 hours of this would be a good idea ? You could edit it down to half that easily . Just a big mess that had me checking my watch incessantly through the last half .
 Oh man , this just sucked . I 'm not familiar with the the original 1930s radio serial nor the 1960s television series with Van Williams and Bruce Lee but man , oh man , this movie certainly did not endear me to the franchise . I tried to like it , I really did but this movie hardly kept my interest . The potential was there , but it was n't realized in neither the writing nor the acting . The characters were neither likable nor interesting . There was hardly any sort of chemistry between the main characters to make me even think they could work together or were remotely buddies much less superhero and side kick . Even the love interest was awkward and unconvincing . The movie would have been a little of better without it -LRB- though not by much . -RRB- The jokes were lackluster , the villain was hardly an effective villain , and the plot was dull and had zero direction . I was n't sure if it was a comedy or a parody of superhero movies , but if it was either one of those , it failed big time . I know this was an action , adventure , comedy movie so I knew not to expect an Oscar winning performance , however , I was expecting to be entertained . I was not .
 Roger Ebert warned me , but as a six year old I used to love The Green Hornet TV show . I thrilled to the then inexplicable to me fighting of Bruce Lee , and there were a lot of explosions and fights . So , I wanted to like this movie and went to see it despite Roger Eberts ' printed warning . `` The Green Hornet '' is the story of pampered party boy Britt Reid -LRB- Seth Rogen -RRB- who has an over-achieving father , James Reid -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- , who is the owner of The Daily Sentinel , a newspaper that crusades against crime in Los Angeles . After the death of his father , Reid meets his father 's mechanic and cappuccino maker Kato -LRB- Jay Chou -RRB- . After getting drunk , Reid and Kato decide to vandalize the grave of Reid 's father and in doing so inadvertently create The Green Hornet , and from there Reid decides to follow through and become the hero he feels resides within him.Seth Rogen has to take a lot of the wrap for `` The Green Hornet '' as he produced and wrote the movie . Rogen makes the same mistake other movies have in bringing other 60 's -70 's TV shows to the big screen , they play up the camp in the shows instead of playing it straight with concept . Yes , `` The Green Hornet '' TV show was a bit campy in its day , it was produced by the same people who produced the `` Batman '' TV show . Rogen plays Britt Reid/The Green Hornet as a petty , jealous , vindictive adolescent , no , more like juvenile , and has him scurrying back and forth over the front seat of the black beauty more like Bluto from `` Animal House '' than a hero . Rogen should have watched `` Batman Begins '' and `` The Dark Knight '' while writing this movie , and he would have been a lot closer to the tone of the movie he should have been looking for.As a writer , Rogen 's dialog is stilted and flat , and in places he has to throw in a chunk of exposition to explain who a character is to the audience , as when Mike Axford -LRB- Edward James Olmos -RRB- has to explain to Reid `` I was your father 's trusted advisor for 45 years . '' Reid does n't know this?Jay Chou 's Kato truly does n't need this Britt Reid and is the more interesting , and strangely enough the more fleshed out character . Kato is a mechanical genius building the fortified car `` The Black Beauty '' for Reid . And Kato has to keep rescuing Reid from the gangsters he 's trying to foil . The Kato Show would have made a better movie . Cameron Diaz plays Lenore Case , Britt Reid 's trusted assistant at The Daily Sentinel . While the script hints that Diaz ' character could be more integral to `` The Green Hornet 's '' crime fighting abilities than other female foils to superheroes she really is only given a few scenes to work with and those are mostly used to fight off the lecherous advances of Rogen 's Britt Reid.The lack of story does n't allow for any emotional investment in either the characters or the plot so when the action scenes come along they 're fairly routine and seem to string along the movie until the next plot point needs to be brought up . Lest anyone thinks I 'm expecting too much from a movie with action . I noticed that some kids about 12 years old who were sitting near me were texting during the climatic chase scene.If you want to see `` The Green Hornet '' you will do better if you watch one of the marathon 's airing the 60 's `` Green Hornet '' TV show in conjunction with the release of this movie .
 On the surface this sounds like an awkward concept with extremely questionable casting , and in execution it 's exactly that . I 'll admire the guts it took to look at this from a totally different perspective and cast Seth Rogen as the lead , but he really does n't step up his game to match the opportunity . His character is a complete jerk , an unlikeable doofus I could n't pull for in the even simplest melodramatic setup , and Rogen 's constant pursuit of the perfect mistimed joke only adds fuel to the fire . Of course , it does n't help matters that the movie itself is an incomprehensible mess , constantly straddling the line between reality and exaggeration , without a tangible player in the hunt . Director Michel Gondry brings a grand total of three surreal , dreamy , inspired scenes to the table and sleepwalks through the rest of the process , which is a major disappointment . An irritatingly generic action dump with neither an emotional connection to the audience nor a tangible hold on reality . In short , a total waste of time .
 this movie stinks , it only showed a few things i like 1 . image of Bruce lee 2 . the car flips over . 3 . costumes were pretty good . this movie was a comedy all the way . nothing real serious . like it should of been i hope someone remakes it like it supposed to be .
 This movie is just horrible they made a joke out of the role Van Williams created.they should be ashamed of themselves and the actors ought to be ashamed that they were in it , and anyone that buys this crap ought to be ashame of themselves .
 We sat through about 20 minutes of this movie and then both decided to leave . That statement alone should give you an idea of what we thought about this movie .
 I WAITED FOR THIS MOVIE HOPING IT HAD SOME RESEMBALANCE TO A SUPERHERO LIKE VAN WILLIAMS AND BRUCE LEE . THIS DESTROYS THE IDEA OF A CRIME FIGHTER , WHAT KIND OF HERO RUNS AWAY FROM TROUBLE . THIS GUY ROGEN IS A TOTAL JOKE FOR A HERO , WHO WOULD GO INTO BATTLE WITH A WIMP LIKE THAT . AND TRENDLES KID OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF THIS PIECE OF TRASH . ONLY THING I COULD SAY GOOD WAS THAT JAY CHOU WAS THE ONLY POSSITIVE PART OF THE WHOLE FILM . Ahhhhhhhh
 This title is reported as another Sony release having an audio track corrupted with cinavia imbedded audio markers . We pay for lossless audio on a blu-ray because we want pristine , uncorrupted audio - and cinavia pollution does not meet that criteria.Save your money for a quality title from a different studio - do a cheap rental of this one if you are determined to see it .
 Probably the worst movie I have ever bought . After five minutes , I knew I had made a huge mistake . Some say Seth Rogan is playing for laughs , but I did n't laugh once . The humor was juvenile and for the people who like juvenile jokes and reactions . Nothing remotely resembling a plotI loved the original series even though Bruce Lee was only allowed to be a stereotype . That series started the Kung Fu movie craze and got me into marital arts . It was the first time i saw that kind of fighting.Seth Rogan is no actor , he is not funny , the jokes are predictable , it should have been called Hangover 3 or Jackass 3 . I was sorely disappointed that it was so bad . I write this in the hope that you save your money and check out the other feedback before you make the mistake I made . The producers obviously have no connection tot the original . They made a mockery of it.This DVD will become a coaster .
 I know that this movie was attempting to be a sort of action-comedy movie , and that might have been possible to do , had they remembered to put the funny parts in there . Unfortunately , this movie wo n't make you laugh , and will not endear you to the main characters . Seth Rogen plays his typical role of the loud , obnoxious , crude doofus . The only change in that role , this time around , is that this time he is also very wealthy . Does this qualify oneself to be a self-styled super-hero ? Of course not . It 's incredibly unrealistic and improbable , but that 's the story that the script writers set up for us in this movie . Just as Batman or Spider-Man or Zorro movies would have failed as non-funny action-comedies , so , too , does this movie fail . Take a pass on this one . It 's not worth an hour-and-a-half of your life .
 Note
 I was not familiar with Seth Rogen before this movie , but he has quickly vaulted himself into my `` Why Bother ? '' List of actors/writers/directors . I was a great fan of the 60 's show , which was n't campy like Batman but kept us kids entertained with neat gadgets , simple stories , and Bruce Lee 's mesmerizing martial arts abilities . All the major characters , from Britt Reid -LRB- The Green Hornet -RRB- , to Kato , to the secretary , to the DA were competent and honest people trying to fight crime when it reared its ugly head . What does Rogen give us ? Britt Reid is now a spoiled , foul-mouthed , incompetent boob who is kept afloat by the closet mechanical genius of Kato and the organizational skills of his secretary . The DA leads the corruption instead of fighting it . The police are the idiots who `` get in the way '' while Kato gets things done -LRB- with Reid basically along for the ride -RRB- . Meanwhile , the main villain is a guy with a poor Russian accent -LRB- is that possible ? -RRB- who belongs more in the 60 's Batman series than this movie.The movie swings wildly between trying to be funny -LRB- it rarely is -RRB- and serious -LRB- it definitely is n't -RRB- . It 's not for kids -LRB- unless your kids are already foul-mouthed -RRB- , it 's not for Green Hornet fans -LRB- FUBAR -RRB- , it 's not for much of anyone .
 After wasting two hours watching this movie I notice that it is considered a comedy as well as action/adventure . Well , as a comedy it is not a typical one . It is the type of comedy that only few people enjoy . As action/adventure it fails because the lame comedy plot around everything that happens ruins what little it had as that . I think this movie deserves all the one star reviews it got . I can not say `` do n't watch it '' because , who knows , you may be one of the few that likes it . Do n't expect to use your brain while watching it . Nothing there requires the least amount of deductive thinking .
 It was a blu ray green hornet , but it was a used not new and had all coupons and such removed . not even shrink wrapped . I wouldnt by again from this vendor .
 I 'd not seen the movie in the theater -LRB- due to word of mouth -RRB- . I did buy it when I thought the price was right -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- ; I think I really overpaid for this . This was a movie that had to be written by a thousand monkeys sitting at a thousand keyboards in order to come up with something . I looked forward to Green Hornet coming out and I had high hopes ; I can only hope that this does n't affect the careers of Cameron Diaz and Edward James Olmos .
 The so-called Green Hornet movie does n't even deserve to be called a turky , it 's that bad.When I heard there may be a Green Hornet movie in the making I was hoping it would never get done if all it was going to be was another Bruce Lee movie . Now I still wish it never got made . I did n't think anyone could make a Green Hornet movie so stupid.The so-called humor you could see it coming , such as when Brett asked Kato for the gas gun then shot him with it . Also the humor was n't funny.Katos fighting looks a lot like the Matrix , wich is now getting kind of old.All that shooting and destruction was seen in almost every episodes of the A-Team tv show . The bad part is when the hero does most of the shooting and damage he is no longer a hero . He is even less when he does malicous vandalism.It was the police who thought the Green Hornet was on the wrong side of the law and Bret took adventage of it to take down those who are the real crooks . He did not make himself to look like the bad guy.By coincendence it seems Kato thought of everything like fixing the Black Beauty , a back wheel drive car , so it was also a front wheel drive in case the car was ripped in half so they can still drive off , but he did n't make it a four wheel drive.This movie is a waste of money and time . It 's not worth calling it a B-movie . It 's not worth the C - Entertainment Weekly gave it . There is nothing good I can say about this monie.It is really sad to see relatives leeching off their ancestors name and ruining the good things they have done . George W. Trendle 's son is credited as Executive Producer of this stupid movie . George should be haunting him with a vengeance.All they did was what was done to the Lone Ranger in 1981 with the Legend of the Lone Ranger movie , they also KILLED the Green Hornet.If you really want to see the Green Hornet get the two movie serials on dvd 's or go to Radio Spirits for the collection sets of the vintage radio shows . Then you will really see and hear THE GREEN HORNET .
 What else can I say , it was terrible . Not funny , not serious , not believable , and as my daughter would say BORING , very boring . Very happy I bought it used so I did n't waste any more money on it than I did .
 I am forcing myself to watch this travesty of a movie - unbelievable bad acting , horrible script , everything about the movie is horrible.Even the DVD is so poorly made it would not even make a good coaster -LRB- too thin.Did anyone making this movie have any talent ? After watching this , I did an IMDb on it - I will never purchase another movie with this cast or director appearing in the credits.Even Ishtar was a better movieStay far , far , far away from this piece of crap.Wish Amazon had negative stars
 The worst piece of crap I 've seen in a long time . Gondry makes great videos but here he looks like any other Hollywood flash director . The acting is flat out bad , but that 's mainly the fault of the script , penned by the worst actor of them all here , Rogen . And that 's quite a feat.How did this guy get this job ? He can NOT act . He has ONE character . He 's in almost every movie made lately , and every single cartoon it seems , and he plays the same guy in all of them , as here . Except that guy has NOTHING to do with Britt Reid ! Rogen and his erstwhile writing partner in crime -LRB- and this movie truly is criminally bad -RRB- Goldberg penned one of the worst scripts ever here , trolling for cheap pointless laughs at every turn while trying to fashion a simultaneous bromance/action thriller , and failing miserably in every way.Cameron Diaz seems to be just laughing at how bad this is , as one imagines the whole cast was throughout the filming . It 's embarrassing to watch , especially while realizing you paid money to rent it.All in all , a complete piece of trash redeemed only mildly by Chou and Waltz , who both somehow managed to be mildly entertaining amidst all of this self-congratulatory dreck -LRB- `` Look Ma ! They let me make a superhero movie ! '' -RRB- . I would n't watch this again if you paid me a hundred bucks . Seriously .
 For a super hero movie , the super hero does a lot of swearing . I find this objectionable . A super hero fiction or not is suppose to represent the best in satiety and not stoop down to the lower levels of it .
 Columbia Pictures squandered $ 120 million on Seth Rogen 's self-indulgent ego trip . Meanwhile , `` Green Hornet '' creators George W. Trendle and Fran Striker are spinning in their graves over this pathetically misguided 2011 revival . Ignoring the original action-adventure concept , alleged star and co-writer Rogen goes for cheap laughs and finds none . Supporting players Christoph Waltz , Cameron Diaz and Tom Wilkinson obviously wish they were elsewhere . A potentially entertaining project that fell into the wrong hands .
 People should be ashamed to produce such bad movies , It is an insult for fans to whom they owe their millios . It is nothing like the original series and the `` Hornet '' just makes an ass of himself and all the movie , never the less , that is also thanks to producers and directos uh?Superman IV was a mess like that .
 I was incredibly disappointed with this movie . It seemed like every other word was an expletive , which is generally used when the script and story-line are incredibly weak . This movie was NOT worth renting . We nearly quit watching it in the middle of it . I was disappointed in the PG-13 rating for the language alone . Kato 's gadgets were very neat , but I expected much more from this movie and I was left sorely disappointed . This is NOT an acceptable movie for children to watch , due to the language alone .
 I got this movie on my evo 3d . After 30 mins of the movie , my attention withered . that 30 mins felt like a life time to me . It was excruciating to watch . I thought this movie was about superhero , but i was wrong . Seth 's over acting killed it . The movie lacks of depth . It is dump , not that funny at all . It is not even close to comedy . Some scenes are a bit funny , but most of the time , it is just dragging . . weak humor . Also , the movie has many talents in it . Jay chou is a top chinese singer , song writer , he played Kato o.k. Diaz is a good actress , but why the hack she participated in this C - film ???? argh , no wonder EVO 3d has it for free because the movie is cheep ...
 Seth Rogen is a funny guy as we all know . The idea behind the re-making of `` The Green Hornet '' in this smug , part humor part action is nothing new . Not even for Rogen . Remember `` Pineapple Express '' ? Well , this is no `` Pineapple Express '' . In fact I 'm more reminded of the 1960 's `` Batman '' TV series with Adam West . Yes , I laughed a few times but I 'm not sure I 'm comfortable with taking comic book heroes and converting them into jokes . And if you 're going to do it , maybe a more anonymous hero -LRB- s -RRB- would work better . In fact , how about `` Kick-Ass '' which is much better ? Anyway , this feature falls into familiar territory . Short fights with plenty of adversaries , long fights that should have ended with 1 punch -LRB- Kato & Hornet -RRB- and a ridiculous finale that defies any reality . The filmmakers obviously had a big budget and damn , I suspect they used every bit of it , but in the end , the film does n't hold up .
 I did n't make it to the end of this movie because I value the time left in my life . Good grief , what a waste of a movie .
 I went into watching this movie with an open mind . I wanted to like it . The movie started out alright , but as time went on , I got bored . I had to switch it off .
 The green hornet radio brodcast from the 40 's was very serrius comparred to this movie , the tv serries was also better than the batman tv program with Adam West , both from the late 60 `` s . The movie I just watched that was released this year on dvd , starring Seth rogan was a joke ! and a huge dissapointment to green hornet fans every where , the only thing good about this movie was the action and the performance of Jay Chou as Kato !
 Not at all what it could have been.Just a poor flick all the way around - and it could have been great.Poor acting for the most part , overkill on poor effects . Some were pretty good but the bad ones were really really bad and not required - they took away from the movie.The best part of the movie was the cars in the garage . Just watch the trailer and not any more .
 The Green Hornet could have been something great . If treated with the same respect as the new Batman movies , Hornet might have been something spectacular . The car , the gadgets , the martial arts , the characters are COOL and are suppose to be cool . But the `` filmmakers '' -LRB- questionable if they are -RRB- that made the Seth Groan-Again version absolutely made a travesty of a film . Crap in everyway . Horrible script . Wretched acting . Paint-by-the-numbers directing . Stupid boring cliched `` bad guy . '' And worst of all they turned it all into a joke -LRB- a supposed `` comedy '' -RRB- . What studio execs are green-lighting this crap ? Fire them all !!!
 This is possibly the WORST film I have ever seen in my life ! Sure I may not like the Twilight films , but I do n't outright hate them as they make me laugh on several occasions coupled with the fact that the third film was OK . But this ? If I could rate it any lower , I would ! I actually even tried to give it the benefit of the doubt . The only thing I ever saw the Green Hornet was the two-part crossover featured in the original Batman series and since then have wanted to see the original series . Then I first heard about this garbage 2-3 years ago and found out Seth Rogen was writing and starring in it . At first I wondered who Seth Rogen is and then once I found out what kind of films he was in , I was like `` Well people were upset when Michael Keaton was cast as Batman and look how that turned out . '' Boy was I wrong ! He 's an unfunny , talentless person -LRB- remember this is all opinion as I 'm sure others have found him funny in other projects -RRB- but he should 've stayed away from this ! When I saw this in theatres , at first my dad and I were the only two in there but then at least five to ten more people showed up . Those other people found it hilarious . I sat there in silence , hoping it would get better . Rogen portrays the Hornet as a half-wit and screams with joy during one of their escapes as the police cars crash into obstacles . Britt Reid may want the Green Hornet to appear as a criminal but at no point , at least from the original series , does he get excited at the thought of mayhem and destruction . The guy who plays Kato , the name escapes me at the moment , was OK he did n't leave much of an impact on me -LRB- though that strange way he fights or gets pumped during a fight I thought was unnecessary and `` out there '' -RRB- Cameron Diaz -LRB- another person I do n't personally enjoy but she 's OK -RRB- was wasted in this . The villain was bland , along with his recurring `` joke '' and the reveal of the DA being corrupt was expected . Black Beauty though was the highlight and I wish it was the Green Hornet who got totalled in the end and not the car . Believe me I wanted to like this but it was just stupid and I hope there is not a sequel . Another thing I noticed is a parallel with Batman ; in the '60s , Batman was played as farce while the Green Hornet was played straight with Batman being far more successful . Nowadays , Batman is the serious one and Green Hornet played for laughs , again with the Caped Crusader far more successful . If you want to get into the Green Hornet my suggestion is to find the radio series or the much better Van Williams/Bruce Lee TV series -LRB- along with his crossover on Batman -RRB- . And what really astounds me is that THIS has made more money than Green Lantern -LRB- just to clarify , Ryan Reynolds was n't my first choice either and I actually thought they 'd go with the John Stewart character for obvious reasons but he was good -RRB- .
 The hero starts off as a rich , adamantly straight playboy . Yet there are constant homosexual cracks . He freaks on Diaz 's age and calls her old . Juts stupid sexual stuff , but too much of it and none of it funny after the first joke.The script was so flat it could fit between a stamp and a postcard.There is an amazing array of talent in this film , but it 's so stupid that it hurts to watch it . If this were a first film for any of the cast or crew , nobody would ever hire them again . Someone find out who is responsible for mangling what should have been a great summer film , and stick his or their heads in a latrine.It actually got really stupid right after the first act of heroism . After decapitating a statue , Kato pretty much disassembles a mugging/rape squad , and he and Reid drive off . Just as a cop car is within sight , they pull a U-turn in the middle of the road . Mind you , they are not even speeding . Of course , the cop chases them . Why did they not simply continue driving ? Why make sure the cop noticed them ? Plain old stupid , and continues in the same vein .
 Rented this title from Redbox and it was boring/unbelievable . I wonder who was the target audience , those new to the title or those who liked the 60 's TV series . While the 60 's TV series lacked any humor that I can remember this remake was goofy and not well done at that.It only cost me a dollar plus tax but the dollars add up to a good deal of waste . Revisiting my collection on DVD , LD and VHS/Beta is comparatively better and cheaper .
 The Green Goof Ball . Sorry , but I 'm one of those who did n't like the `` idiot brother '' ca n't walk and chew gum at the same time take on the Green Hornet . If they 'd wanted an idiot for the role , they should have just gotten Will Ferrell , he 's got that down pat . And the final scene shoot out at the newspaper - what was that ? The total goof ball ending to the total goof ball superhero movie . There were a couple good laughs in it , but that 's it . And speaking as a big Cameron Diaz fan , she just seemed lost in this film . I saw it at the discount theater for $ 1.50 so I guess it was worth that , but if they 'd made it $ 2 , I would have felt over charged . I collect DVDs and am presently closing in on 2500 , this one wo n't be added to the collection tho .
 `` FARCE
 For anyone that saw the original series or read the stories this movie will be a colossal let down . Seth Rogen basically turns the hero of the original story into an idiot of marginal intelligence capable only of using every cuss word in the book in virtually every sentence he utters . There is no sense of the good guys fighting and overcoming the bad guys and you 're left with a bad taste in your mouth over the whole thing . The over the top and often inappropriate acting make this movie a big disappointment .
 If you have seen this movie , you know exactly what I 'm talking about with my title review . For those of you who I will hopefully save from watching this disappointing flick , I 'll explain . As Kato and Britt Reid propose names to the newspaper board about the mystery man who cut off the head of a memorial statue belonging to deceased father of the latter , Britt Reid gets `` THE GREEN BEE '' stuck in his head and launches at them in hopes it will catch as a cool name . It did not and one of the reporters says its pretty lame . Well , they should have stayed with it since this whole movie is pretty friggin ' lame !!!! I thought I was watching a superhero type film but instead I get a college campus comedy full of sophomoric pranks with two guys trying to get laid with the same girl . Oh yeah , there 's a bit of action in there somewhere along with a pimped out ride and really expensive special effects and stunts . You might as well grab a stack of 80 's `` horny and drunk college guys going on a road trip '' movies and spackle it together with commercially overblown scenes of action to entice the crowds and you have yourself a perfectly pretty and perfumed TURD !!!!!!!!! I think Seth Rogen and co-writer probably got drunk , high or both and reminisced about their college days when they wrote this because it all reflects on their final product . Unfortunately , they got my money , hopefully they wont get yours !!!!
 The 2011 `` Green Hornet '' film opens with an arch-villain Chudnofsky -LRB- Christoph Waltz -RRB- gently asking -LRB- = threatening -RRB- a club owner and drug dealer `` Crystal Cleer '' -LRB- uncredited James Franco -RRB- to hand over the business to him . It is fun as the two actors know what they are doing , delivering delightfully scenery-chewing performances . To me the opening is the best part of the film . And the Green Hornet is not in it.Seth Rogen -LRB- who also co-wrote and co-executive produced the film -RRB- is Britt Reid / The Green Hornet . He first appears as a 28-year-old slacker of a Los Angels newspaper publisher James Reid -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- . Unlike most superhero films -LRB- or any films for that matter -RRB- , they are not very likable persons . James is an arrogant and domineering father . Britt is just a spoiled son with no redeeming grace whatever.But you expect something happen to Brit , like character development . Not much . Seth Rogen remains unconvincing as the protagonist -LRB- was he ? -RRB- throughout `` The Green Hornet . '' He talks too much , but does little . What does he want to be , a crime-fighting hero or a self-conscious parody of the genre ? Or just an annoyingly goofy playboy?Jay Chou fares slightly better as Kato . After all his character -LRB- once played by legendary Bruce Lee -RRB- can do something , like doing martial arts and making good coffee . Cameron Diaz appears as Lenore , newly-hired secretary and love interest , a thankless role made for the film 's unnecessary romantic subplot . As to the actions , well , the action sequences are not great , not knowing when to stop . They lack rhythm and style . They break things a lot and that 's all.Finally the film is directed by Michel Gondry . Those who expected -LRB- like me -RRB- a happy marriage of action/superhero genre and his imagination of `` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind '' will be disappointed . Like his previous feature film `` Be Kind Rewind '' something is not right about the film , as if he is not really allowed to show what he can do .
 This movie left me disappointed in several ways.I 've always liked the concept of the Green Hornet super hero because here is an ordinary guy using ordinary means to fight crime in a justice system which has evolved into protecting the criminals more than the innocent . Granted that the wealthy background of the hero makes doing this a lot easier , it at least exists in the arena of possibility.Hollywood will never grasp the truth of `` less is more '' . This Green Hornet destroys the watcher 's ability to suspend disbelief with a cascade of mind numbing endless fights and chase scenes and situations that even science fiction would not deem possible.And why do martial arts fights always have kicks and punches knocking the attackers twenty feet away ? It is boring without the gravitas of realism.What is perhaps the most troubling to me is that this movie had all the essential elements in place . The actors have the right physical appearance . The costumes have the really cool retro look , without getting into the realm of the fantastic . The cars are just spectacular.What spoils all this is that the movie is a comedy . Stupid jokes and humor are replete from beginning to end . I like the idea of Kato as an equal partner but that is not what evolves here . Kato is obviously the brains and brawn behind this whole enterprise leaving Britt Reid as bumbling dolt . Kato is the savant to the Green Hornet 's idiot . Not pleasant to see.Also troubling is the total disregard for innocent bystanders . In the midst of the endless and unbelievable situations , innocent drivers and bystanders are killed right and left . This is not implicitly shown but must be implied . These are not the actions of a super hero out for justice , but they are the actions of thrill seekers , which in the end , is what these `` super hero 's '' are.This Green Hornet needed to be at least 95 % more serious and believable . It has so much potential . I 'm afraid that positive reviews for this will only encourage the producers to make more of this slop . In my case they can argue that they -LSB- ... -RSB- , but I will not buy the dvd , and I will really check the reviews closely before seeing another one .
 I 'll admit up front - I could not get through this movie . If it got better , I will never know , but 1 hour into it , I felt my life slipping away and simply could not continue . I was watching this movie with my friend and even he did n't want to finish watching it and he can watch paint dry !! Now I love all the Marvel movies . I am a adult woman and get teased all the time that I prefer to go see Thor and X-Men to romantic movies . Give me a good graphic novel and I 'm happy . But this movie was dull , boring and irritating .
 - Only the first 15 minutes are funny . The rest of the film is not . It 's also boring . - The special effect is so so . - The acting is not engaging .
 I have ` nt seen this movie and i do n't want to see it . i like seth rogen but when i saw he was the sidekick in the green hornet along with this new comer playing as kato who also looks like a goofball i was highly upset ! i remember the green hornet series very well and is a huge fan of bruce lee who made the show a hit in the first place ; i feel this a joke and a slap in the face to such an awesome fighter and man as bruce lee along with the series . if you 're going to do a remake of a bruce lee 's movie , you ca n't half step . you got to come correct or leave it alone ! to me it 's like they 're mocking the green hornet , making fun of it and i do n't appreciate that at all because bruce lee and the series do n't deserve it . they need to go back to the drawing board and try try again !!!!
 To Amazon Ship Confirm CenterHello.This is mimi.I ordered the DVD `` The Green Hornet '' on your web site , but it has n't shipped to me yet.Please check where the item that I ordered now.It is impossible for me to know the item location.The best is , I want you to send the item again since I 've already paid the fee.Anyway , please reply to me as soon as possible with the item information that I orderedin detail.Thank you.mimi
 There 's so many things wrong with this movie that the only way I could review it is to compare the main character -LRB- Tony Starks Jr. -RRB- in the Iron Man movies as portrayed by Robert Downey Jr. with the way Seth Rogen portrays Britt Reid -LRB- Green Hornet -RRB- . Tony Starks is cocky , brash and obnoxious . But he is also brilliant , wealthy , a guy who can invent and create cool gadgets , has some father issues to deal with and he 's dying . It made you want to keep watching how he would resolve these issues , whether he would die or fall madly in love with his assistant Ms. Potts who he really cares for . I really could identify with this character . Who would n't want to be brilliant , wealthy and have an assistant as beautiful as Ms. Potts ? It was fun watching the Iron Man movies.Seth Rogen 's portrayal of Britt Reid is also cocky , brash and obnoxious but he 's also loud-mouthed with a Peter Pan syndrome to boot . The only enviable quality he has is that he 's rich but I suspect that 's so he can indulge in his childish behavior . That 's OK as a starting premise for a character . After all , I like to keep watching a movie to see how the character develops . -LSB- SPOILER -RSB- However , there 's a scene where Britt Reid has a fight with his assistant Kato . Keep in mind that Kato , in prior scenes , would dispose of much deadlier opponents with ease and here he was having a difficult time fighting with Reid - who in previous scenes would run away from opponents - did n't make any sense . OK - I thought , maybe he 'll get the living daylights beaten out of him by Kato and this would transform him , change him in some positive way . But no , both of them fall into a swimming pool during the fight -LRB- again , given Kato 's fighting prowess in previous scenes , this did n't make any sense -RRB- . Of course , Kato ca n't swim and instead of a chance for the Kato character to help transform and move the movie in a positive direction , Reid saves Kato and we 're left with the same Britt Reid character . Eventually , I stopped watching as the movie was becoming too tedious to watch.There was nothing fun about watching this movie and in the end I was annoyed at the character - made me want to beat the living daylights out of him for making me waste my time watching this.It 's a shame that Christoph Waltz ' talent is wasted in this awful movie . He was so good as Col. Landa in Inglourious Basterds.Rent this movie -LRB- cheaply -RRB- if you have nothing better to do .
 I admit I had doubts going in to this movie , I mean Seth Rogen as a super hero ?? I gave it the good ol' college try and went in with an open mind . First , it could n't make up it 's mind . Rogen tried to be a playboy/comedian/action hero/serious leading man and failed miserably at all three . He was n't funny and could n't remain in one type of character for any length of time . I could n't take him seriously as an action hero as he simply does n't act or look the part . If he was serious the entire movie and acted like a bad a $ $ then it may have been better.Chou plays Kato and he is pretty good . I 'm not a huge fan of the slow-mo fight scenes but he did a great job being funny/bad-A during the film and I hope to see him in other films . I would say with a different actor playing the green hornet it would have been a much better movie overall .
 It 's hard to imagine a worse portrayal of the Britt Reid/Green Hornet character than is portrayed in this film . Nobody expects realism in a Green Hornet film , but the portrayal of the great hero of the dark in this movie was so absurd that it was n't even funny . Britt was a total waste with no redeeming qualities . The film did n't adequately explain why Kato would follow such a selfish clumsy bungling loser . The producers want us to accept that Kato , who could beat up 20 professional thugs with guns all in one fell swoop , could n't beat Britt , who had never done any fighting . Somehow , miraculously , Britt became an expert martial arts expert at the very end of the film simply by thinking like Kato . As the film ended and credits came up , my wife said , `` You could n't pay me to watch this film a second time . '' It just goes to show that better filmic technology does not make up for a lousy script and and extremely poor character development . The TV series from decades ago was much better .
 If you happen to hear the sound of a high pitched whistle just as you 're about to hit your DVD play button be forewarned . A bomb is about to explode on the television screen . This bomb I 'm speaking of can be more easily identified under the alias ` The Green Hornet ' . Yes , this film IS that bad ! Who would have ever thought someone would portray a superhero in such an unlikeable fashion that the audience would absolutely hate him ? I would n't have thought it possible but then what do I know.Obviously something went horribly wrong during production . They did n't know whether they should play it straight or go with a comedy touch . The end result was neither . A word to Seth Rogen -LRB- aka
 This one is worth watching once or twice . Otherwise , If you buy the DVD or blue Ray it will ONLY be taking up space . Your shelf space is more important.What makes it worth watching are two things ... the car and the actor that plays Kato . They put all their energy into creating a great car -LRB- and thats why the trailer is great -RRB- . Thumbs up for picking the actor that plays Kato . An the car with the music helped the trailer look great . Think about it.On the other hand , the Green Hornet character reduces the credibility of the movie . The character will only appeal to all the un-employed playboys that love cars.The fight scenes had too many special effects . They should have toned it done to appeal to more adults.If your desire to watch it is very strong then use the `` Video on Demand '' option with your TV cable service . You will save 10 to 20 dollars.Or , if your budget is tight , watch all the various trailers several times . The trailer has at least 85 percent of ALL the good scenes.Good Luck
 For a film that cost over $ 100 million to make it was awful , half the money must have gone into the vehicles in the movie as that the only good thing about it !! .
 Sounds like it would be good fun!This was just pathetic , slow paced , not not funny , bad actingand just a waste of time . The entire family felt the same way.It just was so poorly written and directed , that even if these actorswere great , they could not save it!Rent something else !
 I watched the Green Hornet TV series that was on TV in the 1960 's ; I thought maybe the movie would be decent . How wrong I was . If the producers of the movie were going for a young Will Ferrell then they cast the right actor , but he was incredibly cheesy . The movie was hard to watch , it was disjointed , horrible acting on most of the actors parts . Van Williams and Bruce Lee still are the Green Hornet and his side kick . I 'm glad I only spent $ 3.99 to rent the movie and did n't waste more money at the box office . My thanks to Van Williams and Bruce Lee for great entertainment , and ones my kids are still watching today . They both thought the TV series better than the movie .
 Granted , I accidentally rented this movie because I 'd been wanting see `` The Green Lantern '' and confused the two titles , but . . I really did n't like this movie . It contained
 Hey man , would n't it be AWESOME if they did a superhero movie where the heroes were two childish jerks who really , REALLY hate each other?No.OK , man , then let me rephrase . Would n't it be COOL to have a superhero movie written and produced by that guy from `` Knocked Up , '' and he 's also the star , and he 's the same jerky guy he was in `` Knocked Up '' plus he has this humongous sense of entitlement that comes from his being a billionaire from birth?No.Oh , come ON , man , `` The Green Hornet '' rocks ! Seth Rogen plays a real bully , which is cool because bullies are cool , and they have all these great explosions and car crashes and megadeaths that look like Michel Gondry brought Michael Bay in to direct for him , and Cameron Diaz is really , really mean in this but she 's really , really sexy too so we 're supposed to root for her as the heroine , and you got ta laugh at those idiots Christoph Waltz and Tom Wilkinson because they actually try to give -LRB- chuckle -RRB- PERFORMANCES ! `` The Green Hornet '' is everything a movie SHOULD be , man ! Just explosions and car crashes and a hero who really lords it over everybody ! You GOT TA love it , man ! You BETTER love it ! You better love it or I 'll STING you ! BUZZ ! BUZZZ ! BUZZZZZ ... SWAT !
 In the 60 's the Batman TV show was cheesy , and The Green Hornet tv show was a bit dark and serious . Flash Forward to today ; the current crop of Batman movies are dark and serious , while the Green Hornet movie -LRB- and I hear they are making another one -RRB- are cheesy . In fact , this movie is more cheesy than the 60 's Batman tv show!There are only three things I like about this movie
 Special effects do not a movie make . There were two TV series , both better than this bomb ! Having the hornet make constant racial slurs at Kato is uncalled for . The was never a split between Kato and the hornet until this movie .
 The only good thing about this movie is that it is so lame , there could not possibly be a sequel . On the other hand , if you enjoy Rogen 's constant mumbling of wisecracks , this is the film for you .
 Need I say more ? The less said the better , if that . Too bad there is n't a ' 0 ' Stars Rating ... OK , maybe 1/2 Star ...
 A total waste of time . The movie is very poor and is a constant disorganized jumble of hard to describe what .
 This action packed movie , was completely ruined with crappy dialog . It was painful to watch and in fact I skipped chapters because I could not bear to hear the pedestrian dialog . I would be amazed if the writers have a collective IQ above room temperature , because they could n't find two SAT words to rub together.Cameron Diaz is well on her way to finding her movies in the direct-to-video category . It 's unfortunate but true that the dialog writing was not on par with the action of this film .
 I ordered the Green Hornet product that had the 3D , Blu-Ray , and DVD inside . This review is from the Blu-Ray disk . I had not previously seen the movie in the theater , so I was going cold into this . I did watch the original Green Hornet -LRB- with Bruce Lee -RRB- , when it was initially shown . First , the ads , commercials , and previews are taking up more and more time on these disks these days . In this case it was about 20 min worth , half of which were Sony ads for 3D . The Blu-Ray , itself , was ok - nice and crisp , good colors , etc. . Amazon delivered it very promptly.Next , Bruce Lee is probably turning over in his grave about this movie . Superheroes should be superheroes . It 's OK if they were initially bad and then realize that they should do good -LRB- examples - The Shadow and Iron Man -RRB- . However , I have absolutely no empathy with this Green Hornet . He starts out as a spoiled brat and then goes around creating excess property damage of innocent people , especially with police cars . He also walks all over Kato and , in general , acts like a creep with his employees . When he tears up those police cars and then rolls them , after a while you ask yourself , `` Was anyone hurt ? '' I do n't know if he ultimately repented , since after a hour and a half I gave up on it.In this movie they essentially ask the question , `` Is it ok to do bad things to achieve a good result ? '' The answer is , of course , no . This guy is n't a role model for anyone . There are a bunch of other movies out in the theaters right now that are better -LRB- THOR ? -RRB- . Save your money on this one . Go buy the animated version of Green Lantern from Amazon and get ready for the live action version this summer . I think it has more promise than this Green Hornet .
 I usually try to say something constructive no matter how bad the movie . This movie blows . I wasted my $ 5 .
 Incompetent writing , incompetent direction and incompetent acting - this movie has it all ! This one ranks right up there among the worst movies I 've ever seen .
 I am very disappointed being a great fan of the radio show and serials . Must be Seth Rogan hates the image of the hard hitting editor that makes sure justice is done so he made him into the buffoon he is made out to be in this movie . I thought about selling or giving this DVD away but I did not want to give garbage to anyone so I put it where it belonged - in the garbage .
 This movie does no justice to a Pulp fiction classic . Cato is the only salvagable character , but even he was not enigmatic or mysterious enough -- too American . And Rosen , why him ? Horrible casting.it completely sucked .
 The movie itself is n't my issue . I think Green Horney is a noble attempt at something different for the super hero genre . It 's not great , but it borders on good by using its own charm to perpetuate itself . While Michel Gondry does n't always hit the mark , it 's quirky enough that I enjoyed my experience with this film . As for this Bluray , however , I 've got my reservations . For starters , the 3D process used in post production was poorly done . At its very best moments , this 3D conversion allows for a few still , tightly focused shots to look like it was naturally shot in 3D . For the rest , it makes the film slightly unwatchable . The quick cuts leave no time to analyze the depth , so you have no idea what action is taking place . There 's an awkward cross fade halfway through the film , and it 's incredibly hard to focus on two entirely different planes of perspective . None of the actors really seems defined in their 3D space , and its more like the area around them is being highlighted . I noticed an ongoing theme where the top part of the screen is further away , and the bottom part is closer . While I 'm sure that choice was mostly dictated by shot composure , it never feels right.I hate to end on a bad note , but the best way I can sum it up is that most 3D TVs have an onboard feature that lets them convert 2D to 3D on the fly . It never works and is mostly an irritant - and that 's exactly how I feel about this 3D Bluray .
 Much has been the case with many action/superhero movies over the past few years . Are the creators of these movies not sure if they 're gon na make any money with their project or have action scenes become that expensive ? If their gon na skimp out on the action scenes , how about writing a really good script that compensates for it . Well , they did n't really do that either.Many of these movies are falling into the exact same cookie-cutter formula style movie making . Iron Man 2 must have had the exact same screenwriter . Introduce bad guy in the beginning , spend an hour or more delving into the personalities of the hero -LRB- s -RRB- and then pour everything you have into a slam-bam finale . Oh , and since there is n't a whole lot going on in the middle , have hero shoot fruit in a drunken stooper or have hero -LRB- s -RRB- fight each other for no good reason.I give credit to the filmmakers for stepping away from the special f/x riddled movies we see these days , and keeping many of the stunts completely real , but everytime Jay Chou/Kato does his thing , does it have to be in slow motion ? As real as the car chases and car smashes were , the fighting scenes were Matrix/Resident Evilish.Green Hornet is n't a complete waste of time , but it was certainly disappointing in an ongoing calvade of movies being paraded out over the past few years that have no depth , creativity , no quality writing and seem to only have one goal in mind , to dazzle visually . GREEN HORNET does n't even do that , and if it was n't going to do that , then they should have written a script that grabbed us.On a final note , Oscar winner , Christop Waltz `` Bloodnofsky '' was completely wasted in what could have been a great and memorable bad guy . Yet , he was delegated to a scene in the beginning , a short scene in the middle and the finale .
 I do n't usually leave one star reviews , but this movie was so bad it does n't deserve anything more . Seth Rogen was terrible in this movie . He came off as whiny , immature , and completely devoid of anything resembling superhero status . The other actors were almost as bad . Edward James Olmos was completely wasted in this movie . The jokes and `` funny parts '' were not funny . I wanted to turn it off after the first 30 minutes but suffered through it becaus my spouse thought it would get better . It did not . We were both disappointed and glad it was just a rental . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I 'll give this 2 stars only because i really like the car and at least it was n't Starsky & Hutch bad .
 Except for Jay Chou this film was a total disappointment . Poor writing , poor casting and a poor re-imagining of the Green Hornet who 's character has degenerated from suave to silly.Seth Rogan as the Green Hornet , from the opening scene to the last cut fails to capture the cool somtimes campy sophistication of the original 60 's TV series urban goodguy/badguy . He plays his character as an insincere partying dullard from beginning to end . Watch only if you are in need of sleep . Totally forgettable .
 The character debuted in The Green Hornet , an American radio program that premiered on January 31 , 1936 . Real Name
 Both the acting and script are so poor -LRB- not to mention juvenile in context -RRB- it 's hard to imagine why the license holders of this property felt inclined to offer it to the verbally challenged Seth Rogen , who is as lost in the role of the Green Hornet as Elmer Fudd would be playing Dirty Harry . Incompetent , and unapologetic in it 's utter stupidity , it 's hard to imagine anyone enjoying this wasted effort .
 The car special effects failed to carry the movie . Seth Rogen attempts to make his charactor to be a product of his father 's lack of guidance . Just allot of poor acting along with a plot which is attempting to be a comedy . If you wish to waste your money , this is your movie . 3D is OK but rent this for $ 2 and waste two hours of your life .
 This is by far the worst film I have viewed in years !!!!! Why they ever picked Seth Rogen to star as the Green Hornet is beyond me . I could put up with some of the comedy , but he was just horrible !!! I should have believed the bad reviews.If it would be possible to give it a -5 that would over rate it .
 I 've said it before , I 'll say it again . January is a wasteland at the multiplex . The studios are too busy concentrating on award buzz for the films released in December . Some of these films receiving buzz may get a wider release in January , to capitalize on the nominations , leading to more box office , keeping the film current and viable until the big daddy of award shows , the Oscars . They simply do n't have time to adequately promote a new wide release . For that reason , January -LRB- and early September -RRB- is a dumping ground ; any film getting a wide release is a film the studio has zero confidence in . These films have been `` delayed '' a few times , or you might see a notice in the newspaper indicating the `` studio declined to screen the film in time for a review '' . These are bad signs but generally good indicators you need to stay clear.For this reason , we have `` Season of the Witch '' , `` The Dilemma '' and `` The Green Hornet '' hitting screens in our neighborhood.By late January , the fervor has cleared and they begin to release new films they have time to get behind , new films they expect to see generate revenue . It is generally safer to go back to the multiplex . `` The Green Hornet '' , the new superhero adaptation starring Seth Rogen , Jay Chou and Cameron Diaz is being released in the middle of January . It presents a conundrum.Columbia Pictures must be trying to fill a void with a brilliant counter-programming move . Well , yes and no . There are a lot of reasons to think `` Hornet '' might be the exception to the rule . And it is better than most of the films released in January . But it is still not very good . And paying extra to see the film in 3-D sort of rubs salt into the wounds , making an OK film even worse . Do n't even think of seeing this film in IMAX 3-D . It is not worth it.The first reason you might suspect the film will be OK ? It seems to have been a passion project for Seth Rogen . He has been everywhere , promoting the film , he has talked about it while promoting other films , he lost a lot of weight to play the role , and he even wrote the script with his longtime writing partner Evan Goldberg . All of this points to a famous comedy star trying to break out of the confines of the genre and work in a new and exciting area . I am sure he saw Robert Downey Jr. 's current rise to uber-stardom as `` Iron Man '' and wanted to give it a try.Rogen clearly wants people to enjoy this passion project as much as he does . But there are certain things we expect from a superhero movie . You want a believable back-story leading to the hero 's creation or emergence . You want great action scenes mixed with a little humor -LRB- maybe -RRB- to keep things moving . You want a believable , scary villain . The major problem with `` The Green Hornet '' is the mix of action and humor is completely , horribly off balance . Much of the film involves Britt Reid -LRB- Rogen -RRB- having discussions with Kato -LRB- Jay Chou -RRB- , Lenore Case -LRB- Diaz -RRB- and Chudnofsky -LRB- Christoph Waltz , `` Inglourious Basterds '' -RRB- in which Reid takes on the laid-back persona Rogen has perfected and has a riff with his co-stars about something , anything . These moments almost seem ad-libbed and pointless . In fact , in many instances , the person Reid is having a conversation with does n't seem to get or be in on the joke . This creates an odd disconnect ; Rogen seems like he is trying to be funny , what he says seems like it should be funny , it would be funny in `` Knocked Up '' or `` Superbad '' , but he is more often than not delivering these lines to a brick wall.Rogen is smart enough to realize he is n't going to be able to pull of the lion 's share of the action . So they found Jay Chou , a Taiwanese actor , to play Kato . His action scenes are good . But every time he delivers a line of dialogue , it is almost painful to watch and listen to . I highly suspect he had a dialogue coach standing off screen feeding him the lines phonetically . What this does n't do is help him understand the meanings of the lines . His performance is a bit like watching Robert DeNiro , Michael Phelps or January Jones host `` Saturday Night Live '' . During every live segment , they read their lines from a teleprompter unable to infuse the dialogue with any meaning . They are all clearly out of their element and their comfort zone.The scenes between Rogen and Diaz are just confusing and painful to witness . Reid , a former playboy , openly ogles Diaz 's Lenore Case , his new assistant . Every time they talk , Rogen begins the conversation with an awkward come on she ignores . This banter goes on for a few minutes before they get to the reason for the conversation . This happens every time they talk and it is never remotely funny . Even worse , there are similar scenes between Kato and Lenore , which are also painful , but for other reasons . Really , the dialogue seems like it was written by a twelve-year-old fan-boy for other twelve-year-olds . I half expected Rogen 's character to say `` ass '' and then start giggling madly.Rogen realizes the villain needs to be scary and menacing . The writers address this in their typical way ; the villain discusses the issue himself with others who question his effectiveness . This is actually an amusing idea and the funniest running gag in the film . When we first meet Chudnofsky -LRB- Waltz -RRB- he barges into the nightclub of a rival who criticizes his lack of scariness . But there are many examples throughout the film illustrating this Chudnofsky 's ruthlessness . Yet , the villain still has a complex about it . The role is a balancing act . On the one hand , Waltz has to reveal the character 's self-doubt , playing the part a tad seriously for us to get the joke . But he also has to be tongue-in-cheek throughout . Waltz achieves this balance and is the best thing in the film.For all of the exposition , all of the discussions in the film , there are quite a few things left unanswered , or not given enough attention or explanation . The most important of these would have to be why the Green Hornet feels he has to fight crime while portraying a criminal . They go so far as to make it look like the Green Hornet shoots Reid . There are a few scenes in which Reid talks with someone about a new aspect of his mission as the Green Hornet . They discuss a few options and then Reid latches on to one , smiles broadly and shouts , `` That 's it . Good job my friend '' . Rogen smiles goofily and they are off . It seems as though Rogen expects us to take his overt enthusiasm as reason enough for this idea or theory to exist . If these moments existed with other scenes depicting a better realization , they would work . Rogen 's fan-boy enthusiasm is not enough . These moments seem intended to illustrate the Green Hornet 's creation , but in reality they simply amount to a series of exclamations.One of the primary reasons I thought `` Hornet '' might be a surprise is the director , Michel Gondry . Best known for `` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind '' , Gondry is a strange choice to helm a super hero film . I was hoping the combination would be more strange-good and less strange-Ang Lee - `` Incredible Hulk '' . His work is actually a little of both . There are a few strange , odd touches in the film . When Kato and Reid are fighting some street thugs , Kato kicks one and he goes flying over the trunk of a car . The trunk seems to multiply and extend almost as though Gondry is trying to give the impression of 3-D in a 2-D film . It is a fun , interesting sort of retro idea.Gondry wants to present a more realistic vision . At times , dust floats through the air highlighted by a ray of sunshine , at others , the sun causes light flares as the camera passes . Both of these touches make the film seem more real and personal , but they also obscure the 3-D elements in the film . If the 3-D added depth to the film , it would n't matter that the new process does n't enhance the action . But it does n't , so you kind of want , and expect the 3-D to help the action pop . But because Gondry seems to relish using corny , older techniques to give the illusion of 3-D , these moments lose any power they may have had . `` The Green Hornet '' is a disappointment and further proof you should stay away from any studio film receiving a wide release in early January .
 I agree with a couple of the other reviewers , the 1966 TV show had a better feel for the Green Hornet then this concoction . What the heck is this movie ? I knew it would n't be that good when I saw the trailer with Seth Rogen hamming it up . The lure for me was , hey , it 's a superhero movie that could potentially capitilize on a unique comic hero . Brit Reid was way too much of a clown . Nothing even closely emulated real life situations . Kato , with better material could have worked . It -LRB- the film -RRB- should have been called Kato ! What a waste of my time.Let down again by another `` hip '' reconstruction of a superhero . Cameron Diaz picking up a paycheck , Seth Rogen being indulged , and blank charactors wanting to make something happen sums it up . If your into The Green Hornet , check out an old Now comic for an interesting take on it . Great audio but so what if I ca n't connect a film to it .
 I have to say that all of the one-star reviews destroying the abomination that is THE GREEN HORNET has reaffirmed my faith in mankind ... or at least the American movie-going public.I will admit I was a little skeptical when Michael Keaton played BATMAN in 1989 , but that movie was a pleasant surprise . No masterpiece , mind you , but Tim Burton 's funky visuals and Jack Nicholson 's daffy and sinister Joker made it worth seeing.But Seth Rogen as a superhero ? Come on ! He has all the charisma and star quality as the Grape Ape cartoon . And which genius thought it would be a good idea to let Rogen help write this monstrosity ? His schtick was getting old in teen stoner movies!But reading all the reviews of people WHO LIKE SUPERHERO MOVIES who could n't even finish THE GREEN HORNET has made me proud of my country again , like after 9-11 . -LRB- I love how the recent commercials pushing the DVD release feature Rogen in only one shot . Kato gets about three or four . I think the car gets more . That , ladies & gentlemen of the jury , is my last exhibit for this stinkbomb -RRB- .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The original TV series comes off like HBO 's `` Rome '' compared to this . Even if I ripped off this movie from the internet I would feel cheated out of the download time and look for a lawyer so I could sue for trying to steal something and having a bear trap waiting for me.I ca n't imagine a movie being more out of touch with its subject matter unless they made a contest out of trying to do so . I even feel cheated writing this review because I know that this movie is out there in the world somewhere . Even had I watched this when I was 10 years old I would 've felt angry and cheated and have considered the movie beneath me . If I wanted revenge on someone I would trap them in a snowbound cabin in the mountains with only copies of this movie whose name can not be mentioned . A cloud passing over the sun is more mesmerizing and I can get more laughs out of watching how light glitters off the ripples in a stream.Be warned , this movie is an utter waste of time . The United Nations should get involved .
 I saw this movie in the theatre . We left about 2/3 of the way thru . I 've never walked out of a movie and not waited to see the ending.The dialogue was dull , jokes were predictable , plot was boring and predictable , shallow characters , etc. . . I love super hero movies , but this movie was pretty bad.As another review said , it reaffirms my belief in humanity to see so many 1 star reviews here.Please learn from my experience and do n't waste your money .
 It is really too bad that Seth Rogan was allowed to write this project . Comedians have a inate lack of respect for nostalgia that is essential for a free society but are consequently unable to discerne when actual homage shoud be paid . THere was a profound lack of respect for the story of the green hornet in this film and this led to a lack of focus and a level of '' screwballiness '' that was simply out of place . Comic book stories are not always comic and this was the wrong time to be playing up the bafoonery.Not worth the 4 bucks .
 There were many problems with this movie , it is hard todecide where to start . It was filled with inconsistenciesand most of it did not make sense.Were they villains or heros ? They go about destroyingpublic property and fight with the bad guys . Kato is theside kick but it is as if he is the real hero . He buildsthese amazing cars in just a few days , but you do n't seehow it all happens.It is not funny , it is not an action movie , no goodspecial effects , and the script is no good.I would skip this one and choose something else , thereare lot of other good movies out there .
 A complete piece of trash . The thing is , it could have gone either way with just a little bite more intelligent writing and some actual martail arts choreography . Compound the fact that they let Rogen near both the dialogue and the kung fu and you 've got a `` flop '' on your hands.Rogen is brilliant in his traditional endeavors of gastronomical humor . Really , I 've enjoyed some other films he 's been in immensely . There 's so much potential here , it could have been Scott Pilgrim meets the Green Hornet and everything would 've been sensational . Scott Pilgrim in case you do n't know takes a rag tag band of nerds , in a musical band of nerds , and pulls out chop socky action that drips from every pore of the experience . How they did it , is a mystery , but it 's clear Rogen did n't follow the formula.Before it was over , I was begging for it to end . You 're not missing anything by spraying the raid on this hornet 's nest .
 I was really disappointed with this movie . I am from the generation that watched the original TV series and was really looking forward to seeing this movie . I watched it with a friend who also watched the original show . She wanted to turn it off after 20 minutes . I convinced her to let the whole movie play out , hoping it would get better . It did n't . I kept asking myself through out the entire movie why was Seth Grogen in this movie ? I understand that if you remake a movie , you want to make it your own but this was ridiculous . If I had gone to see this in the theaters , I think I probably walked out after 30 minutes.This was a disaster . Out of the entire movie , there was 5 seconds that was funny . The rest just sucked . If you are deciding whether or not to buy or rent this movie , do neither . Wait til next year when it shows up on a cable channel and then , be ready to watch something else . I thought this was irritating and more than that , it was just plain stupid ! It felt like the target audience was boys - 10 - 15 years old.Don ' t spend money to watch this .
 The effects were ok , the props were great , the movie overall?I have never seen in my 50 plus a movie with this big of a budget , stink so bad .
 Dvd does NOT WORK . I sent them an email regarding their return and refund policy . I hope I hear back from them soon ...
 This film has absolutely nothing in common with the comic or the tv series . Excessive use of vulgar and profane language the whole way . I could not sit and let my kids watch it - it is that full of nasty words . On top of that , a plot that goes nowhere and takes all day getting there . Avoid this film like the plague ...
 We watched this last night and have officially decided that it was really stupid . That 's a few hours of my life I 'll never get back . Seth Rogan is a terrible actor . The story was lame ... The only reason we watched the entire movie was becasue Kato was almost worth it . This is one we 'll never watch again.I would n't buy it . EVER . If you want to watch this Rent it ... for a dollar . It 's not worth much more than that .
 Do n't waste your money ! It is beyond stupid and never should have hit the screen in the first place . After watching this it will go in my collection and never see the light again !
 Let me be blunt.This movie stinks to high heaven.I do n't think we have to worry about being burdened with a sequel.The `` acting '' is over the top . The attempts at `` humor '' are overblown ; everyone 's chewing up the scenery . There 's very little cohesive story line . A lot of people were clearly doing dope if they thought this project was at all clever . This mess makes `` Ishtar '' look like the height of artistic and entertainment achievement.Don ' t waste your time or one penny of your money on this train wreck .
 Loved the opening scene and cameo with James Franco but it went all down hill from there . Horrible script and Seth Rogan as the lead . Nuff said . Hopefully he has little clout left to make another disaster like this .
 The most insulting thing about this movie is in the final credits where they claim that it was based on the original radio series . Nothing could be further from the truth . Where the original -LRB- radio -RRB- green hornet was a mature character with a great deal of depth , this movie was designed for teenage drunks with an attention span no longer than 140 characters.The screenplay is something a hungover slack could have produced after dinner . I could do better in a weekend.None of the characters are true to the original.The origin story is stupid and completely opposite that of the original series.Basically , they took a great old radio series -LRB- still available on Radio Classics on Sirius/XM -RRB- and dumbed it down to the twitter generation . It is a total failure .
 The only part of this TERRIBLE movie that was any joy to watch , was when Jay Chao -LRB- Kato -RRB- kicked Seth Rogen 's butt . ___ Seth is decent in comedies ... and COMEDIES ONLY . He should NEVER have been cast as The Green Hornet ... and he has absolutely no business EVER being cast in ANY role that contains complex -LRB- non-comedic -RRB- emotional arcs ... let alone , a LEAD role in a Action Film !! __ I do n't know what the hell the Director , Studio , or even his own Agent were thinking ... HOPEFULLY , everyone has learned a good lesson from this ... and we 'll never have to endure this kind of a travesty , ever again ... . because if a REAL ACTOR were cast as the Hornet ... this movie COULD have been good , if not great . Unfortunately , Seth did the only thing he knows how to do -- and turned it into a huge , -LRB- unfunny & painful -RRB- Joke . ___ I 've liked some of his COMEDIC movies -- but guys like this , are only good for one thing ... COMEDIES . ___ I `` went in '' having Exceptionally LOW expectations ... and knew most everyone , absolutely HATED this movie -LRB- thanks to him -RRB- ... but still , I thought it could at least be worthy of 3 stars , or 2 at the worst ... but this crap does n't even deserve 1 star . I know people say that often ... but it could n't be more true here . ___ PS
 I read the comics , wantch Van Williams/Bruce Lee but this current GH make the others look like Academy Award contenders . Kata looked liked the leading star and GH looked like a `` what am I supposed to do ? '' Sorry Amazon but I `` will not '' buy the DVD.I 'll save my money to see how THOR , CAPTAIN AMERICA GREEN LANTERN turn out.I really dont have to much to say GH except UGH ...
 I 'm a really easy person to impress when it comes to movies . I was not impressed by this movie one bit . IT WAS AWFUL !!
 In a nutshell , much was said prior to the release of this junk about SR shedding weight for this role . Well , too bad he did nothing to also shed or at least ease up on his worn-out on-screen persona . It has officially grown WAY PAST irritating !
 Slapstick and cheeky comedy . A shame . An insult to the comic . The entire movie is a gag , with you the watcher , at the receiving end . A waste of time .
 I missed this in the theater and wanted it when it came out in dvd . That right I 'm a greenhornet fan at least of the tv show . The previews look great . What a let down other then the special effects storyline is stupid and weak .
 This garbage does n't even rate `` a '' star . Compared to the late '60s TV series -LRB- Van Williams ; Bruce Lee -RRB- , this is nothing but embarrassing . A complete waste . It amazes me as to what passes for `` humor '' these days , but this hits a new low . Save your money and time for somebody to do this oldie but goodie TV series justice .
 The Green Hornet is an excellent and beloved comic book/graphic novel entity . In the 60 's , The Green Hornet was given life on the television screen thanks to producer Bill Dozier , who had success with the campy 60 's Batman . The 60 's Green Hornet was played by the sexy and charismatic Van Williams . His side-kick , Kato , was played by martial arts legend Bruce Lee . This incarnation was iconic and by far and away the absolute best.Hollywood has become so creatively dried up and barron that they constantly remake past successes . Why is it everytime they remake something it seems like they endeavor to find the best ways to bastardize the original?This incarnation of The Green Hornet does just that . This film bastardizes everything that is great and heroic about The Green Hornet . The character of Britt Reid , in this film , has the exact opposite dicotamy of the original character . Reid , in this film , is an arrogant , spoiled , degenerate of a character who engages in meaningless promiscuous sexual encounters and sexually harasses his assistant . -LRB- Gee , that 's original . -RRB- He seems to have no moral compass , no perceivable intelligence . Watching him is literally painful.Cameron Diaz was cast as Reid 's ever faithful assistant , Lenore Case -LRB- originally portrayed by Wende Wagner in the 60 's -RRB- . All I can say about her is , `` Damn woman , you 're 40 ! When are you gon na stop carrying on like you think you 're still 20 ? `` The only good parts of this film are the casting of Jay Chou as Kato . He 's extremely talented , charismatic , and sexy . He is the only member of the cast who even remotely embodies any part of the iconic character . Tom Wilkinson and Christoph Waltz perform well in their roles . However , the dialogue is cringe-worthy . I do n't know what possesed Warner Bros. to think that casting Seth Rogen in the lead and letting him write the screenplay would be a good idea . Have they not seen the grotesque low-grade garbage he 's starred in before?I am so tired of seeing movies that star this off-beat douchebags like the Seth Rogens , the Jonah Hills , the Michael Ceras , and the Napoleon Dynamites . It may have been funny in one film , two max . Hello , It 's NOT COOL ANYMORE !! I saw this film when it premiered on Starz . I tried to watch it objectively but had to shut it off after 30 minutes , just like another reviewer . The film was literally painful to watch . It is a travesty to comic book films , not that they have been on much of an upward move . -LRB- Wait until The Dark Knight Rises , The Amazing Spider-man , and Man of Steel are released . I would n't have too high hopes for them . Especially if you 've seen some of the images and video leaked on the web . -RRB- I have never been so glad to NOT have spent money to watch a film in all my life . The Green Hornet is a prime example of the oncoming death of the superhero film , especially if you keep letting people who made this train wreck make other comic book adaptations.If you are thinking about buying this film , Save yourself the trouble and hit yourself with a hammer instead . That pain will eventually subside . The pain of watching this film lasts forever . I 'm thinking about starting a support group with my therapist . LOL
 I can not think of a word that truly describes exactly how BAD this film is . Seth Rogan adds absolutely NOTHING to this film . The story line is weak . It was like watching a Roger Moore era James Bond film with all the cheesy parts spliced in together.Jay Chou hopefully got his money up front . I wonder if he took this job thinking , `` This will get me good exposure to Hollywood . '' He played a decent side kick in Cato.Cameron Diaz , let 's face it , was an attempt to have some eye candy to distract you from how bad this film really is . Note to producers , she could have been butt naked and I do n't think it would have made a difference.Do yourself a favor , unless you have 2 hours to kill and there is absolutely nothing else to do . Do NOT watch this film .
 I suppose in a effort to make Bluray more attractive , Sony has decided to degrade the quality of this DVD -LRB- and how many others ? -RRB- by encoding the video as interlaced , which is where the resolution of each frame is cut in half , and your TV has to reconstruct each image . Just be warned that if you buy this , you are getting a product inferior to what has been standard on DVDs for 10 years .
 Oh dear , oh dear , where do I begin ? Seth Rogen co-wrote this movie and it does reflect some of his type of humor but scaled back with less fart joke type stuff . This movie was a poor attempt at its goal , whatever that might have been because entertainment was not one of them . First off , Seth was terrible in the role . Cato was more of a bow to the original television show which needs no changing . The Britt Reed character was no where near what those who saw the television show would recognize . Even if a person had not seen the television show , this attempt at creating a character was a big miss . This character is someone I would never want to meet or have any connection with . The fight scenes and car chases were too long . In fact , most of the movie was fighting and car chases . If you like that sort of thing-great . But they do n't make up for the lack of a plot . Cameron Diaz was wasted in this movie and her character was a side-note or just an attempt to have a sexy blond on screen . In short , this movie was pretty much a waste of time . If you want to see it , just wait until it comes out on TV . It is not worth the money even to rent it . I would give it a negative number if I could .
 I 'm soooooooooo sick of ironic movies ! I 'm tired of tongue-in-cheek , self-referential Hollywood films . I 'm sick of super-heroes . I 'm done with remakes.The Green Hornet combines all that 's awful about movies in the 21st century . Bland , but the movie thinks of itself as interesting . Silly , but it thinks it 's clever . Somehow , the filmakers were able to jam Sam Cooke and The White Stripes into nearly adjacent scenes - which , I guess , is to let the viewer know that `` The Green Hornet '' does n't take itself seriously.When are we going to be done with Seth Rogen ? Why is he allowed to make movies ? Guys like him belong in community theater , not horrible summer blockbuster hopefuls . He 's like some kind of terrible genetic monster , combining the acting `` ability '' of Ben Affleck and the `` charisma '' of Michael Cera , that thinks of itself as really , really funny.And while we 're at it , someone please tell me why , when Rogen discovers that he owns a bulletproof car , he immediately decides , `` Hey ! I 'll go be a superhero ! '' -LRB- Flash-back to daddy breaking his Super Man or whatever dolly when he was 9 ... grow up already ! -RRB- We made it about 30 minutes or so into the movie - turning it off right after the scene where Cameron Diaz is hired as -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- Seth Rogen 's PERMANENT SECRETARY , which made for simply stunning cinema.Not that I had high hopes for this thing - we got it from netflix because my fiance and I both remember watching the original tv series on Nick at Night when we were kids . But I wish I had those 30 minutes back .
 This DVD is just an expensive cocktail coaster . This movie is so bad - the Trailer will put you to sleep ...
 i have been a fan of the green hornet since i was a kid ... . the serials and the tv show ... when i heard that a big budget film was to be made , i was very exited . i have never been so disapointed in any movie ... this was garbage !!!!!
 I had looked forward to this move with great anticipation - I love the comics , loved the old TV series ... and was seriously disappointed with this mess.The movie had great promise , but the Seth Rogan touch made is laughable . . and not in a good way . Rogans interpretation of Britt Reid was ridiculous , his actions pointless , and character development non-existent . Rogan made Britt Reid , and by extension the Green Hornet , extremely unlikeable.Jay Chou made an excellent Kato , Cameron Diaz could have been excellent also with better writing . The bad guys , the DA - all good . I found the special effects to be very entertaining also ... Black Beauty was well done , the chase scenes were exciting.If you want to see the intent of the Green Hornet - watch the old TV series . It 's dated - but hews to the intent of the character.If you want to watch the fart joke version - watch this movie.I look forward to a remake with a talented actor portraying the Green Hornet , and Jay Chou back as Kato .
 Whomever thought that making the Green Hornet a comedy like the `` Pink Panther '' should be fired , kicked , horse whipped , flogged , drawn and quartered , rinse and repeat . Sure I found parts of the movie funny , but if you wanted a comedy call it something else and make it a non descript hero . Taking the good name of a serious crime fighter and making it into this mess just was n't entertaining and only mildly funny . Kato would have been fine in a serious version , but the Hornet absolutely sucked and I 'm not even a fan of the Green Hornet and I 'm insulted . One can only hope they remake it like they did the Batmans and take it serious the second time around.CA Luster
 They casted someone good as Kato , but Rogen was a horrible choice . From start to end it was not believable and also seemed like a lame comedy . Would not recommend this movie to anyone by any means .
 I remember the original television series and maybe that dates my age but I was truly hoping that this would be a worthwhile movie . BOY WAS I DISSAPOINTED ! ! ! The issue here is ; Seth Rogan and the movie plot . Obviously Seth Rogan either never saw the original series , or he just likes to pervert a Classic.Jay Chou has presence and is a decent actor . He Steals the show but other than that , the fat arrogant '' Bitch-Boy '' Seth Rogan totally ruins the movie . Jay Chou has class and should never act again with the immature little boy Seth . Jay Chou is n't Bruce Lee but he 'll do in a pinch.I remember the original actors as having a lot of class and they never , never , ever had arguments or fought with each other , nor did the Green Hornet ever talk down to Kato as Seth Rogan does numerous times in this movie , to Jay Chou , the Kato character in this movie.For those of you who have never seen the series , there is a fairly new T.V. channel that shows old classics , '' MeTV '' and they are currently showing '' The Green Hornet '' on Saturday Mornings . If you want to watch a great classic from that time period , I recommend you watch it . You will enjoy it . Maybe Seth Rogan should watch it to learn something about '' Class , Style and Great Acting '' . Besides , if he had ever talked to Bruce Lee the way he does in his move , Bruce Lee would have handed him his head and his Lunch.Seth Rogan is an immature little punk and has been since the first movie he ever appeared in . He figuratively SUCKS the life-blood out of this movie through his actions , his attitude and lack of acting skill.I did n't purchase this movie through Amazon but no matter , I feel like I was royally screwed on the price of this movie . I do n't want others to have to waste a $ 20.00 bill , especially during these hard financial times . It is not even worth giving it away for free , which is what I am going to do . THAT my friends , is what I think about this movie.There are other good actors in this movie who wasted their time and acting skills to produce this rubbish . Maybe they needed money but I am sure there were other movies they could have worked in . With all the trash and rubbish that currently comes out of '' Holly-Weird '' these days , there does n't seem to be any shortages , especially since they like to make so many re-makes , of re-makes , of remakes.Seth Rogan should give up as an actor , he has NO CLASS or Acting Skill what so ever . He is a big fat baby who needs a pacifier shoved into his mouth.Don ' t waste your money ! Setting fire to a twenty dollar bill would make more sense.This movie is a B-I-G L-O-S-E-R ! ! ! ... like Seth Rogan . Hey Seth ... Your Diaper needs changing !
 I should have read the reviews before purchasing the DVD . Honestly , I do n't know how bad it actually was . I turned it off less than one minute into it because of the language . I recognize Hollywood 's belief that all movies have to have vulgar language to create realism . I do n't agree with it , but I do recognize it . The obligatory four letter word seems a must or it can not be a real movie . If I wanted realism , I would n't be watching a movie about a comic book super hero . However , the language just in the opening scene is disgusting.One reviewer mentioned 10 year olds . I feel sorry for any parent who took their 10 year old to this and realized after it was too late what kind of language they would have to endure . After about three sentences of dialogue , I turned it off and my wife thanked me.I gave it one star because I could find a way to give it less .
 This movie is about a rich boy and is very boring , there are some decent parts but over all i would pass , very boring
 I quit halfway through . Technically the Blu-ray and 3D are good , but the plot and acting are painful . This one will end up in my Goodwill donations .
 If you grew up watching the original Green Hornet this movie will disappoint you very badly . The took the clever witty Brit Reid and made a rich boy idiot out of him . Originally Kato was Reid 's trusted friend and ally and their relationship was quite solid . Likewise the D.A. was Reid 's ally and friend and together they used the guise of The Green Hornet to confuse and bring to justice many evil and dangerous people . This movie makes you think that if it were n't for Kato nothing would 've worked . The two of them going out on some fraternity dare style adventure was frankly sickening . It 's quite obvious the no one involved in the making of this movie knew nor cared anything for or about the original story .
 This movie was a big disappointment . I expected more of a super hero type than a bumbling airhead . The 3D effects were n't good either .
 The Green Hornet was actually a good TV show . I always thought it would be a good movie some day -LRB- with the potential of a Batman franchise -RRB- . I was disappointed and actually walked out of the theatre in the middle .
 The stars and writers ca n't make up their mind whether they want an action flick or a comedy . The end result is neither . This is one of the worst super hero adoptions since the Batman TV series . That show tried to be kamp but fell flat on its face . Ditto with this movie . Seth Regan is at once ugly , awkward and without any true sense of nobility . Well possibly toward the end he becomes a little noble . He does have one distinction-he is the first screen super hero to have some of his back teeth missing . There is nothing else that makes this pic unique . Cameron Diaz does have great legs and Kato is a better character than the Hornet himself . Jay Chou does have potential as an actor even though this movie has no potential .
 I rented this video looking for an interesting intelligent dialogue . As a Non Mormon I was looking for some insights . Instead this was a highly contrived discussion with an axe to grind against Mormons . This was uninteresting and in annoying -LRB- I hate films that try to manipulate -RRB- . All this film does is assure people who do n't agree with Mormons that they are right and try to tell current Mormons that they are wrong . It seems like a waste of money to pay for such an obvious and tired dialogue .
 WARNING
 PLEASE DO N'T GIVE AWAY SOME OF THE PLOT THAT COULD RUIN IT FOR ME -LRB- the bit about the wife -RRB-
 With 2 great actors -LRB- Jason Carter & Garret Maggert -RRB- and a fabulous premise you would think it would be a great flick . It sucks ! I ws terribly disappointed to view such a really cheesy B movie.And I am NOT the only one who thought so .
 after it 's over , you wonder just what sort of drugs the screenwriter and director may have taken , or if the whole thing is a gigantic goof . Seriously , this is easily one of the lamest movies I 've ever seen . The idea of capturing a vampire and keeping him in a hermetically sealed coffin in a government-funded lab/hospital is ludicrous enough ... . interesting that they never explain how the vamp manages to be awake and walking during the day ... something vampires are n't supposed to be able to do , remember ? But beside that point , which film did those who raved about the acting see , 'cause it sure was n't this one . Everything from beginning to end -- scenery , special effects , lighting , camerawork , script -LRB- the `` writer '' is apparently known for writing sci-fi porn on the Net under another name , so what can you expect , y' know ? William Shakespeare she ai n't . Not even Ralph Shakespeare . Not even Shakes the Clown -RRB- , staging -- looked like a high-school film project . There 's one truly priceless scene where a female cop -LRB- who 's a strange agent anyway , we later learn -RRB- posing as a hooker to trap the killer -LRB- who 's the vamp , turns out , nicknamed Vlad ... how original ! -RRB- is grabbed by the vamp and kissed because , as he says , she `` looked like she needed to be properly kissed . '' Not only does n't she fight him off as any hooker -LRB- or cop ! -RRB- would do , but when the clinch finally ends , actually says to him , `` Sir , you presume too much ! '' It 's to die for . This is almost as bad as an Ed Wood film , except it 's NOT so bad it 's good . It 's just bad . I paid $ 3 for it and was still overcharged by about 4000 % . Sorry , but this is NOT an intelligent film , it 's just an exercise , it looks , in bad movie-making . Interesting that the director and writer are n't even included in the credits .
 Demon Under Glass is not the worst vampire movie I 've ever seen , nor is it the best . I am giving it one star because of the technical problems with the film -LRB- poor lighting , sound , etc. -RRB- not because the script or the acting was substandard.The premise is excellent , the Delphi Project , a secret government program which was created to solve the mystery of life itself , has found a vampire subject named Simon -LRB- Jason Carter of Babylon 5 -RRB- to study . The Project has two doctors , one a kind and compassionate healer named Dr. Joe McKay -LRB- Garett Maggart of The Sentinel -RRB- and the other the cliched mad scientist who only wants to exploit the vampire for his own crazy needs.However , when a friendship begins to develop between Simon and Joe , will the good doctor try and save the vampire from the evil scientist and the now corrupt Delphi Project ? And so begins the premise of the movie
 love john Wayne , but some of these earlier ones not so much.but im big fan as he gets olderin his films .
 Here 's your chance to see John Wayne when he was a B movie maker , churning out 5 to 10 forgettable films a year with titles like `` Born Reckless '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- , `` Arizona '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , `` Texas Cyclone '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , etc. . Then in 1939 he made `` Stagecoach '' with John Ford , and his new career as a major star began . Stagecoach earned 5 Oscars including Best Picture . Wayne followed up with `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- directed by Raoul Walsh , and then a series of war movies -LRB- e.g. , `` Flying Tigers '' in 1942 , `` The Fighting Seabees '' in 1944 , `` Back to Bataan '' and `` They Were Expendable '' in 1945 -RRB- and his classic westerns including `` 3 Godfathers '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` Fort Apache '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` Red River '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' -LRB- 1949 , `` Rio Bravo '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , and `` The Alamo '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- . Wayne was nominated for Best Actor for `` Sands of Iwo Jima '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- and he would finally earn an Oscar for `` True Grit '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . This was the 4th of 16 films Wayne made with Monogram/Lone Star Pictures . Monogram churned out films by the month , with little attention to detail -LRB- at several points they are using telephones , which were n't even patented until 1876 -RRB- or character development -LRB- Wayne and Hayes start the film by giving everyone all the detailed background -RRB- . Wayne said - `` For any actor trying to get on in the business , working at Monogram was not a good career move . Most of the contract players there may have had regular work , but they generally did n't move up from there into the major studios - they went down and that 's the direction I thought I was headed . `` In 1934 alone Wayne made 9 films , all of them westerns . All but one included George `` Gabby '' Hayes '' who was Wayne 's sidekick in dozens of films from 1933 -LRB- `` Riders of Destiny '' -RRB- to 1935 -LRB- `` Rainbow Valley '' -RRB- when Hayes moved on to partner with Hopalong Cassidy and later with Roy Rogers and then Gene Autry . Hayes -LRB- 1885-1969 -RRB- made nearly 200 films between 1929 and 1950 . Hayes is called `` Dusty '' in this film , a common nickname he used in many films before finally latching on to `` Gabby '' . This was one of the earliest films in which Hayes started to develop the on screen persona of the grizzled , `` jumpin ' gee hozifats '' Gabby with whom we are all familiar . He is without his customary beard . Interestingly enough , Wayne wears black and rides a white horse , a costume that was adopted by Hayes ' next onscreen partner , Hopalong Cassidy . `` West of the Divide '' also features Wayne 's long time mentor , stunt man , double , and good friend , Yakima Canutt -LRB- 1895-1986 -RRB- . They first worked together on `` The Shadow of the Eagle '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- and made dozens of films together . As Canutt became more hobbled from injuries , he turned to directing and had a successful career as a second unit director handling action scenes . Wayne gave him his first chance in `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . He went on to work on films such as `` Ivanhoe '' , `` Spartacus '' `` El Cid '' and `` Ben Hur '' . Wayne and Hayes are hunting the man -LRB- Lloyd Whitlock -RRB- who killed Wayne 's father and kidnapped his younger brother . Virginia Brown Faire plays Wayne 's love interest.Lloyd Whitlock -LRB- 1891-1966 -RRB- was the type of exaggerated villain popular in silent films . He was very popular in the 30s , part of the Monogram studios family of actors , and made more than 200 films , turning them out about 1 per month . As westerns became more sophisticated , Whitlock was relegated to being an extra.Virginia Brown Faire -LRB- 1904-1980 -RRB- was popular in the silent era . This was one of her last films.The film was directed by Robert Bradbury -LRB- 1886-1949 -RRB- , who was the father of another 30s western star , Bob Steele -LRB- 1907-1988 -RRB- , who was a good friend of Wayne from their USC days -LRB- Wayne and Steel appeared in 6 films together between 1953 and 1970 -RRB- . Bradbury 's other son , Bob 's twin , dubbed the songs Wayne sung in the Monogram films -LRB- and he used the money he made to pay for medical school -RRB- . Bradbury made more than 100 films between and 1918 1941 . FWIW - Bradbury 's 1926 silent film `` Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo '' was Wayne 's inspiration for his own 1960 Alamo film which he directed and in which he starred .1934 was an OK year for films . The top box office slots went to `` Viva Villa '' , `` Cleopatra '' and `` The Barretts of Wimpole Street '' and `` It Happened One Night '' was the big Oscar winner . That year `` The Thin Man '' series began , Karloff and Lugosi appeared in `` The Black Cat '' , Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers danced in `` The Gay Divorcee '' , Laurel and Hardy laughed it up in `` Babes in Toyland '' , and Howard Hawks ' `` Twentieth Century '' came out . There were no real major league westerns apart from the oat burners produced by Lone Star , but westerns were popular in serials , such as `` The Red Rider '' starring Buck Jones and `` The Law of the Wild '' starring Rin Tin Tin.There 's not much to see here except for historians of the western film . Hayes transformation from `` Dusty '' to `` Gabby '' is interesting to watch as are Canutt 's stunts .
 Action-man Casper Van Dien and Comedy-man Casper Van Dien team up for this moderately funny comedy-adventure , directed by Joey Travolta -LRB- yep , that 's John 's Brother -RRB- . Bob -LRB- Paymer -RRB- is a confused man . The one thing he has going for him is a computer program that he plans to sell to the highest bidder . Before he can even get to the buyer though , a street smart drifter -LRB- Van Dien -RRB- knocks it off - only to discover that he 's not going to get pay dirt without Bob . They team up.Unbeknown to Bob , the ` potential girlfriend ' who has helped him find a buyer for his computer program does n't exactly half his best interests at heart ; the same goes for Van Dien 's character 's girlfriend , whose one-tracked mind revolved around the green stuff.Plenty of double crossing , madcap moments and cheesy one-liners in this surprisingly chuckle-worthy film .
 The movie was OK . It was a used copy and froze and would only advance one frame at a time in the last 20 minutes .
 This movie has the requisite moods and plot for a film noir . But what a lousy and unsatisfying ending . Also , it 's a terrible waste of acting talent to cast Gina Gershon in the limited and tiring role of a faithful girlfriend .
 If I could give this movie 0 stars , I would have . Do n't even bother watching this . Total waste of talent around here . Woody and Gina are just too good to be a movie like this .
 This movie is horrible . Good Cast with nothing to work with . If it was to be satire on traditional noir films it missed the point . If it is trying to be a noir film than it is ridiculous.Shue is particularly bad . Unbelievable as a screen siren . Laughed everytime she tried to be seductive or coy.Plot completely implausible and even at the end did not tell us who Shue or Sevigny really are . If Harry was really that easily pulled into seduction , the plot would have had him do Odette . The movie copped out in plot , dialogue and scenes . You got to show more skin and sex if you are going to believe the sexual attraction.Had the feel and production values of a college project .
 This movie is an insult to your intelligence . As if terrorists would ever be able to turn all of those top-level people in our government . If they could do that , they have already won . And like he would be in an ambulence and just happen to drive by the Washington monument - right . How stupid . I am so sick and tired of these idiot hollywood people making movies that make the terrorists look so smart and unbeatable . We have this administration to thank for making the USA seem like we can never win .
 I give this film one star but ironically I enjoyed it ... until the end . This film is far from brilliant but one thing about Stephen Dorff is he can act and he does pretty well in almost anything no matter how bad or mediocre the material . He 's good enough to keep you watching almost anything which probably explains why I keep watching his terrible movies when I say I never will again.I found this film had a good amount of suspense and thrills . Why is he in the trunk ? Who put him there?These are the two questions that repeatedly run through your mind when you watch the movie . And it 's what keeps you entertained . Even if you did n't think the film was interesting , you find it hard to ditch it until you find out what the heck is happening.Too bad you 're likely to be disappointed . I hate movies that set you up for a fantastic ending only to throw a deus ex machina in the mix . If I 'd paid to see this film in the theater I 'd have felt completely gypped.Now of course I did n't expect this film to be great and it was n't but it did keep me involved and I would 've given it a three star rating but I just could not in anyway forgive that ending.It ruined what little decency the movie had.Skip it .
 Well directed . Well acted . Story is intriguing all the way to the end and then it becomes predictable . On top of it all , when did we become so obsessed with the terrorists winning . I really do n't think it is deep or artsy , but rather selfish and insulting of the script writers . That is all just my opinion of course . Another example of how a potentially good movie is ruined by lazy script writing which produced a horrible ending .
 This movie was so bad I started skipping ahead to see how long he was in the box . 1 hour and 18 minutes ! Thank God I did n't watch it in real time . I was over it after 26 minutes . CB radios do not work like that . You can not interupt someone when they are talking . The very nature of a CB radio is to talk to people at a looong distance , so his comments that you must be close since I can hear you are completely stupid . Plus there is no world where all of the people in your life suddenly turn against you in a conspiracy , except for Twilight Zone episodes and cheap , boring movies trying to save themselves in the last few pathetic minutes .
 People alive in boxes whether buried or not have shown up in a few movies the past couple of years , e.g. `` Buried '' . This one had more techy stuff -LRB- camera , phone , CB radio , annoying red LED clock -RRB- and had the more elaborate plot of trying to extort information from it 's -LRB- How did I get here ? -RRB- occupant . Just like a person in a box not knowing what 's going on , this viewer felt like they were in a box in being mostly clueless and bored 90 % of the time while watching just a person in a box with only increasingly predictable dialogue to keep from dozing off . To make it worse the writer & director tossed in two twists at the end that not only were stupid-unrealistic but made the preceding 91 of 92 minutes seem even stupider .
 One of the most boring movies I have ever seen in my life . Terrible . Movie stinks I will probably never rent another movie from Amazon
 All the other actors appear in the last few minutes of the movie . I guess if you are a Stephen Dorff fan and enjoy looking up his nostrils for over an hour then this is the movie for you . Tom Berenger is the size of a whale and ca n't find a tie long enough to reach to his belt . A copy of `` Buried '' and less interesting . An IFC Film so look for it on Netflix in the next 3 months or so .
 Come on . The guy does n't act like he works in any position that requires control . I did n't believe he was SS . The film really `` fell apart '' towards the end . He just so happens to glance at something towards the end , and the entire team gets lucky , and then stuff happens ? What a joke . At least it ended with a bit of excitement , and the guy who was willing to let his wife die for some stranger gets what 's coming to him . Gosh , what a horrible story . What ever happened to the US terrorists anyway ?
 `` Brake '' is another in a recent string of claustrophobic thrillers set entirely in one small confined space . Instead of the `` buried alive '' aspect , though , the hero of this piece is locked into a transparent box and held in the trunk of a vehicle . And as he tries to figure out just what is going on , it seems that the outside world is alive with terror plots and conspiracies . Just why is this guy locked up ? Who is doing it ? And what do they need from him ? These are the questions that Stephen Dorff wrestles with as he remains the sole character on screen for the entire length of the movie . When the audience is trapped with the film 's protagonist in a stagnant space , there is a tendency -LRB- if not done correctly -RRB- for the picture to get monotonous . `` Brake '' does a serviceable job of keeping things interesting , but mostly because it adds dangers that are patently ridiculous.Slight Spoilers : I mean really , who would believe that ANYONE would be carrying around a load of bees?And the box has the capacity to fill with liquid in the trunk of a car ? Where 's it coming from?End of Slight SpoilersReally , though , I did n't expect too much from `` Brake . '' I just wanted to be entertained . The movie starts with an intriguing premise so I overlooked many of the wild plot developments because I was genuinely interested to see where this journey would take me . While not exactly riveting throughout , it made for a perfectly passable popcorn movie . Dorff seems to be taking on more and more of these direct-to-DVD type roles -LRB- although this had a small release , it feels direct-to-DVD -RRB- and I 'm not sure why . He 's actually quite good here as he becomes increasingly unhinged . And he is the absolute center of the piece . Although the movie boasts names such as Tom Berenger and Chyler Leigh , they get but a moment of screen time . No , this is Dorff talking on a CB radio followed by Dorff talking on a cell phone followed by Dorff talking through a tube . I think you get the idea , it 's all Dorff!The principle storyline revolves around a political conspiracy and , never for a minute , did I believe any of it . Still , I 'd have rated this 3 -LRB- possibly 3 1/2 -RRB- stars if not for the ending . You think the rest of the movie is silly ? Just wait for the twists -LRB- there are more than one , that 's all I say -RRB- . Any goodwill I had toward `` Brake '' flew out the window with these nonsensical revelations . They turn this mildly engaging movie into one of the most frustrating experiences I 've had in a while . None of these last minute twists can withstand even the slightest intellectual scrutiny and the definitely put the brakes on my enjoyment of the movie ! KGHarris , 7/12 .
 Stephen Dorff is stuck inside the trunk of a car . He is a Secret Service agent with information about where the President goes in case of an emergency . After guarding this information throughout the entire film -LRB- under some very difficult circumstances -RRB- , something unbelievable happens and ruins the movie . For a much better film about a person stuck in a box/confined space , recommend checking out Buried with Ryan Reynolds .
 Stuck in a box for the whole movie , Stephen Dorff should get an oscar for that , except , the plot , it wo n't win any awards , guaranteed . They should show the movie to a handful of movie goers , and then ask for suggestions before it is released . Especially ask for ideas on an ending . It gets old quickly . Tom Berenger , only two minutes in the movie ? Really ? Thumbs down on the ending , thumbs up though on Stephen Dorff .
 I was baffled from the outset about this movie . the plot was simply unbelievable and slow . The plot centered around a special agent who processed more bravado than James Bond . This was a waste of viewing time and the ending was very weak . A terrorist plot that even Bin Laden would laugh at !!
 I started watching on PC , then switched to Xoom , this does not work . Finding the video is no easy task on my Amazon home page either . I was watching this series on Netflix on both my PC desktop and on my Xoom . When I ran out of seasons on Netflix , found it on Amazon . I am a regular amazon customer and spend thousands per year on equipment for my business ... . I started at season 5 EP 18 ? I was on 2 ! This need some serious fixing . The video quality is much better on Amazon , I will them credit for this .
 Being a burn notice fan , I could not wait for season five to come out ! Not having seen an episode when it was on TV I was excited to finally see it released and bought this DVD right away . Man I wish I did n't . If you want to see Michael , the savvy , talented spy we have all come to love , somehow , get played like a puppet for most of the season , then this is the DVD for you . He is pawned over and over by Anson , a man who comes out of nowhere , has no organization and few allies and yet somehow he manipulates anyone and everyone who crosses his path . That 's not all , apparently he knows everything about everybody AND knows all of Michael 's covert jobs and somehow makes Michael do all his dirty work.Michael , whimpering through most of the season , caves and turns to a little puppet around this guy . But that 's not all ... somehow , Fiona , our tough little lass that would rather die fighting , SUDDENLY decides to cave in and TURNS herself into the authorities . The Fiona I knew would put a bullet into Anson before doing some crap like that and get this ... THAT is how the season ends ! Fiona goes to jail as we see Michael standing on the corner sobbing like a little girl , meanwhile this Anson guy is fine and dandy.This season is so unbelievable compared to previous seasons , and so weak ! If you 're a true Burn Notice fan , it will turn your stomach ! It truly is total garbage . True fans , do yourself a favor and avoid this season at all costs . It ruins a fine show .
 The show was good until it stopped for some unknown reason . A message to install Flash Player appeared . My computer would not allow that install . so noe I ca n't finish watching a show I paid for .
 I was hesitant to buy this or just get the DVD , shoulda just got the dvd . . video doesnt work tried for 2 hours on windows 7 upgraded everything , never gon na trust amazon again
 Ok ... so when can I start purchasing season 5 ? Never had to wait this long to start ordering the season . The premiere was lastnight .
 We loved seasons 1 and 2 ... season 3 was ok but we kept waiting for it to get back to the quality of 1 & 2 , season 4 we were starting to get really skeptical and were eager for them to put the pieces all back together in season 5 , but no such luck . It ' still entertaining , -LRB- although the acting is really falling off -- probably because the writing has become just plain awful -RRB- but we are officially done with the show after this season -LRB- and reading reviews that say season 6 continues on the slide downhill -RRB- . It 's such a shame ... the writing in the beginning was so fun and cohesive , but at this point the characters are doing things that are not consistent with their character , some of the fun plot lines are gone , and the character of Michael is not fun to watch anymore at all ... I did n't think it would be possible to not like his character anymore , but he 's turned into a total jerk and we were actually rooting for the rest of the gang to move on and leave him behind . The writing seems like it 's been handed off to a group of high schoolers to finish -- like they do n't understand the character and do n't have the insight to understand what made the show enjoyable to watch . Too bad , because it was SUCH a fun show during the first 2 , maybe 3 seasons .
 The show is great but the sound was off by almost a full second . This was very distracting and the video was not worth watching .
 The show itself is good , but the amazon delivery system is horrendous . The video randomly stops and downgrades quality , despite flash being allocated unlimited cache space . Which brings us to the underlying problem - flash . Maybe my i7 processor is not sufficient , perhaps 16gb of ram is not enough , ssds in raid might not have the speed , and 50mb might be insufficient Internet bandwidth . Of course if any of these are the case then it just goes to show how inefficient flash is . I would recommend using iTunes or even Netflix if you actually want to watch a show with decent quality and without stuttering .
 Love the series . The DVD 's were scratched , made it miserable to watch . We like to watch this series on our family nights . Totally bummed that the DVS 's were not in better shape . Sad Face . .
 This season the show has finally turned into the over the top , under funded spy show my friends and I were always scared it would become.Burn Notice had been an enjoyable show about relationships and Michael keeping himself in the light by helping others . Well , they 've pretty much ditched the helping others part of the show , and Mike is devolving into a `` do anything that it takes to get what I want for the good of me '' character/spy . Bruce Campbell has been pushed back and as such , much of the humor has vanished from the show , and when they do use him , it 's to cover up plot points they ca n't / wo n't explain . `` We need this really hard to get thing ... oh hey , Sam , you still hanging around in the background ? ? You have a friend who can take care of this , right ? `` The final straw was bringing in Anson . It 's not like Mike has n't been outmatched before , but it was pretty much him vs the U.S. govt . At this point Anson knows all , sees all , can manipulate time and space to be wherever he needs to be when he needs to , to heck with things like needing to drive . Why he needs Mike and the team to do anything never makes any sense , as Anson is SO powerful , that he 's a dozen steps ahead of them all the time . This season they really turned the show into over-acted , implausible farce , and it 's a shame , because it used to be a fun show . The first 2 seasons were so much better .
 I love the show but this is the second time that one of the disc -LRB- # 2 -RRB- does not work . Had the same problem with Season 4 . Since it was a Chrismas gift its past the return date , so like last year I 'll need to spend more money to replace it.If I was rating just the show 5 stars .
 I am reviewing the actual product and NOT the show itself . Burn Notice continues to be one of my favorite shows and really enjoyed watching season five . However , I can not recommend buying this DVD set due to packaging issues and poor video quality . Considering I own seasons three and four on DVD , I was expecting the same level of quality with this DVD set . Instead the disks are no longer fastened on a hinged clamshell making it cumbersome to read the episode listing inside the packaging . This also makes it inconvenient to remove the disks since they overlap each other . -LRB- To take out one disk , you may need to remove another disk . -RRB- Furthermore , unlike seasons three and four , the video quality of this set does not look like your typical DVD quality . It looks way too compressed . Either a lower bit rate or a poor quality compression codec was used when these disks were created . I 'm not sure what exactly happened , but it appears to me that shortcuts were taken with this DVD set .
 WARNING
 Purchased this DVD as a gag gift for my brother . He and his girlfriend watched it and said it was kind of raunchy . It was a good gag gift , but maybe not the best to watch .
 I realize that the laughably high rating of this movie is likely due to the extremely low standards of those who sought it out , but as someone who can be amused by large portions of Jackass , I have to tell you that this film is an extremely badly written copy of it.The mascots themselves are a combination of stereotypical loses and perverts , and while the mascot costumes are clearly inspired by actual college mascots , their stock characters are straight out of any low budget college hijinks movie you 've ever -LRB- or never -RRB- seen . There are one or two amusing scenes featuring the mascots but there 's also tons of missed opportunities.The midgets are of course , only there to be exploited for all the obvious all-been-done-before midget jokes . They 're probably about as good or better at acting than the other characters , and it 's kind of a bummer to know that some of these people have to take such demeaning roles just because there is n't much else out there . Or maybe they had a blast and I 'm just projecting.Gary Coleman comes off as badly as any tabloid article ever written about him . He clearly does n't even seem to know why he agreed to do the movie , so either he enjoyed being the heel and does a great job of acting like he hates every second of it , or he realizes that he 's reached the nadir of his acting career . Sure , it 's funny to see a short former child star turned into a foul-mouthed adult with a bad temper , but trust me when I say that whatever hilarity that conjures up in your head , the actual result is n't as engaging.The `` romantic '' subplot -LRB- a lame excuse to include more sex -RRB- is the worst part of a bad movie . I suppose if you watch this film under the influence of various things you could add a star or two to it , but honestly it 's one of the few films I 've ever bought that I actively discouraged people from enduring.If you think this is a `` so bad , it 's good '' movie , it is n't . Unless a bunch of half assed gross out and sex gags are your cup of tea , in which case go for it . Everyone else , just watch any one of the Jackass films again .
 Please note that the majority of the reviews here were posted at the same time by first time reviewers who all gave it 5 stars . This is very suspect and the same thing can be seen and was noted on IMDb . This is typically the pattern of phony reviews ... friends , family , colleagues , and whoever else desperate directors are recruiting these days to manipulate sales.That said , let me just say this movie was pretty terrible . I ca n't believe I stayed up late on a work night to watch it . From the director/writer who sabotaged the ending of her first movie -LRB- Loving Annabelle -RRB- but still managed to keep your attention with the likes of Erin Kelly and a taboo-sexy teacher-student fantasy ... comes another effort by Katherine Brooks who somehow managed to recruit another hottie or two ... but there is nothing beyond that to care about.This is just a truly bad story with unengaging characters . It follows a woman suffering from personality disorder who locks herself up in her apartment for 30 days to sort things out and z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z . It tries to surprise you in the end , but the story and characters are so trite ... who cares.Also , if you saw Loving Annabelle or came across a review for this on some lesbian sites and are expecting a lesbian-themed movie here , do n't . This is not a romance and this is not erotica . This is not a story about lesbians . You will see the main character graphically getting it on with some guy and Erin Kelly is in sleaze-mode and would probably sleep with anything ... but whatever fantasies you might be entertaining about her or the appearance of Elizabeth Shue -LRB- or of Kelly and Shue together , mmm -RRB- ... forget it . You 'll need a microscope to see the tiny bits of gay here . Elizabeth Shue is purely a therapist and Erin Kelly 's character is just some sleaze here . What a waste . I would equate this movie with all the impossibly stupid and obscure free movies you 'll find these days in C.Cast 's On Demand , lol ... yes , THAT bad.My one star is dedicated to the presence of Elizabeth Shue who was not only gorgeous to look at , but the best actor in this film . I would also like to dedicate one invisible star to Erin Kelly who appeared a bit , but was not captured as the intriguing character we saw in Loving Annabelle . Now that 's just bad , bad directing this time around ... because she is capable of being one fascinating and stunning creature.If you are going to insist on watching it yourself , I encourage you to just rent it via Amazon for a few bucks and do n't waste your money buying it . I mean it . See for yourself if you must ... but do n't say I did n't warn you about these over-bloated reviews . It is truly dull.I would advise this director/writer to get over the suicide topic already ... twice is enough already !! With a talent for recruiting hotties ... I suggest she return to lesbian land and share something happy . It might actually be theraputic . May I suggest pirates ?! Like , lesbian pirates ?! ;P ... . I know , I know ... all the psych majors are gasping and will hit the `` not helpful '' button ... lighten up folks !! : -RRB- Bless you Elizabeth Shue for making an appearance ... you should have been the teacher in Loving Annabelle ...
 First , let me say we are big Veggie Tales fans , or perhaps I should say Classic Veggie Tales fans , as more and more of their more recent offerings have fallen flat for us.We were hopeful for this latest Veggie Tale , especially since it started off with the premise that Bob the Tomato and Larry the Cucumber would explain who Saint Nicholas really was . In the beginning , the story does just that , showing Nicholas ' life as a young boy in ancient Greece , and is in fact fairly accurate through Nicholas becoming an orphan.It is Nicholas ' -LRB- young -RRB- adult life that the Veggie Tales team takes creative license with . Had this not been a story about an actual historical figure AND one that was claiming to set history straight , I would have had no problem with the ensuing silliness . But instead of sharing the story of how Nicholas helped 3 daughters with no dowry money by throwing sacks of coins through their window late at night , the V.T. team puts Nicholas in ridiculous disguises , the last looking basically like a modern day Santa Claus . Not only do they manage to get a red fur-trimmed suit into the ancient Greece setting , but they also add snow , trips down chimneys , and a `` sleigh '' and `` reindeer '' into the story . Granted , Larry the Cucumber is trying to make it more `` Christmasy '' but in doing so , he 's gone right back to confusing children as to who St. Nicholas actually was.So once again , I can only recommend a book instead of a video . If your children are ready to hear the true story of St. Nicholas -LRB- as my 6 and 4 year old were -RRB- , then I can only suggestSanta , Are You For Real?by Harold Myra.I certainly hope the V.T. team can return to their roots . This video -LRB- even its `` silly '' song -RRB- left us sorely disappointed . Here 's hoping I can return it to my local Christian bookstore ...
 I was very sad and angry to see how the VT crew butchered the life of a powerful saint . Saint Nicholas was a good and holy man , not a misguided preacher 's kid . I can even get over the silliness about him being a masked hero running through the streets , but I can not stand the slander of his early life . If you are n't going to speak the truth about holy men , avoid their stories completely . BTW he was not Greek , he was from Turkey . Getting kinda sick of the Orthodox = ethnic associations that seem to be acceptable . There was plenty to produce a powerful story of learning and loving God as you grow up into the faith , not turning it into the false `` He got saved '' moment that is the typical adult Evangelical conversion story .
 First off I have loved Veggie Tales since they first came out . I 've watched almost all of them . I was extremely outraged with this show and that it 's teaching the wrong history to who knows how many children . They butchered the story of St. Nicholas . I 'm Catholic and celebrating St. Nicholas ' Day and showing what a wonderful and generous man he was is important . I want a story that accurately portrays this wonderful man and his history that I can share with the children in my life not made up fluff .
 I love the Veggie Tales series , but this is garbage . The `` true '' true story of St. Nicholas apparently has nothing to do with him being a bishop and fighting heresy , but is simply a retelling of http://www.amazon.com/Santa-Claus-Comin-Town-Astaire/dp/B000A345EE/ complete with reindeer , sleigh and red suit .
 St. Nicholas was born and raised in Patara , Asia Minor -LRB- Turkey -RRB- , not Greece . When he went away it was because he wanted to live a monastic life . It was not because he was confused about why his parents were so generous ! And the reason he was generous to the girls was because they did not have dowries . They would have become slaves had he not offered the dowry . And this is only one of MANY of the things that St. Nicholas , a boy who became bishop of Myra , did including many miracles . To the new VeggieTales writers , I have to say , `` Do some research before you write . `` Then , as a previous reviewer said , there 's all sorts of Santa Claus -LRB- whose name is actually derived from St. Nicholas -RRB- hype like flying `` reindeer , '' the red suit ~ I can guarantee a person in the late 200s or early 300s would never have worn that ! ~ and snow . Ridiculous!I was sorely disappointed . I only give it two stars because my kids still like the bounciness and Larry still has some cute quips.For a true story , buy a book likeSt . Nicholas
 If you are interested in just teach your kids about the real meaning of Christmas it is a fine but , be aware that it is not the real history of St. Nicholas . Actually I 'm wondering if as Christian we should make up about others lives ... We will still watching the movie `` Nicholas - The boy who became Santa Claus '' it is not silly but it is fun and teach us about the real St Nicholas !
 This movie is worse than my second-grade mother hen play . I can respect young , inexperienced filmmakers struggling with poor lighting and bad acting , but there 's no excuse for a bad plot .
 I downloaded this on my Tivo through Amazon Unbox and was not happy with the film . Yes it was a classic , but not my taste .
 Good script about a sheriff in a small western town determined to bring to justice a serial killer determined to get his hands on a horde of gold supposedly kept in a safe located inside a former prison now used as an institution for mental cases . Mediocre acting , but enjoyment of the movie is largely spoilt by the extremely poor DVD transfer , at least on the disc I received . The audio was so unintelligible at times I had to bring on the subtitles and gunshots sounded like fire crackers popping . Daylight scenes are often so dark one simply can not see into the shadows . Increasing the brightness on your display is of no use , since the following scene may then look washedout . So , buyer beware !
 This is a piece of trash here ... Lamas has about 2 min in the whole show ... Could not watch the whole thing ... bad acting and just bad everything.Pass on this one .
 Bad movie . Poor script , poor acting , poor directing , and even worse sound . At one point an old timer tells a kid to `` Go back into the motel . '' This is a Western set in 1874 . The word ` motel ' was not invented until sixty years later . The actor should have said , `` Go back into the house . ''
 I SEE SOMEONE WHO WATCHED THIS SAID THAT THE ACTING WAS OK I MUST HAVE MISSED THAT LINE . SOMEONE ELSE SAID THAT THEIR COPY THE TRANSFER WAS BELOW AVERAGE MINE WAS N'T BUT IF IT HAD BEEN IT MAY HAVE GOT ME TO TURN IT OFF . THE SOUND ON THE COPY I BOUGHT NOT FOR THE LOW PRICE OF AROUND THREE DOLLARS BUT FULL PRICE WAS RECORDED SO LOW THAT THE REMOTE WAS FOREVER GOING UP AND DOWN AS SOME PARTS OF IT WERE BARELY AUDIBLE BUT THAT ALSO WAS AN ADVANTAGE AS THE ACTING IF IT COULD BE CALLED THAT WAS PATHETIC . LORENZO HAS MADE QUITE A NUMBER OF B GRADE MOVIES BUT TO APPEAR IN THIS HE MUST BE REALY DOWN AND OUT . ITS A SHAME AS I LOVE WESTERN BUT THIS , HELL JUST WATCH IT AND YOU WILL SEE WHAT I AM ABOUT.ALWATTS
 I nearly gave this 1959/1962 movie one star , and had second thoughts and generously gave it 2 stars . It probably deserves 1 star , but I was feeling generous.This movie seems to have a combination of English and German speaking actors in a thin plot designed to expose as much flesh as possible . I pondered including the pedigree of some of the actors , but was never able to get enthusiastic enough to do the research . There are some pretty awful B-movies about , and this one is one of the worse.Supposedly a couple is hiring a bunch of dancers to go to Singapore . After some mildly racy scenes at the beginning of the movie -LRB- as in you see some panties - or bikinis , or both -RRB- , everyone hops on a twin engine propeller plane to head for Singapore . Somewhere along the line the plane gets four engines , and the plane then crashes in flames . Miraculously , the dancers and the couple survive . The pilots are conveniently died . Personally , I think that any pilots that can magically change a twin-engine plane to a four-engine plane should have been magical enough to survive.The survivors reach an island where they quickly discover a professor in a giant spider web , which yields the original German title , `` Ein Toter hing im Netz , '' which is , roughly translated , a dead one hung in the net . Sadly , that scene was probably one of the high points in the movie . Soon women are shedding clothes , but the only living male on the island wanders off to be attacked by a giant spider . The giant spider was probably mutated by the uranium that may have been on the island , which is what the professor was seeking . Remember that in the 50s and 60s radiation explained nearly everything , including dandruff , bad breath and male dysfunction.For the rest of the movie we see the now mutated guy looking sinister and occasionally killing someone . The rest of the time the movie focuses on the hot babes wandering about the island in various states of undress , including some nude scenes -LRB- depending on which version of this movie you have - some versions delete the nude scenes -RRB- . The food starts to run out and things are looking grim when a couple of fellows show up . What follows is steamy romance . The spider guy appears again , there is some running around and screaming and yelling , spider guy kills a couple of people , the movie ends , and you wonder what the heck it was all about.This silliness seems to be an excuse to see the ladies in their undies and skinny-dipping in the ocean . The plot , what little there is of it , is very thin . We hardly see the spider guy once he is created , and we only see the spider -LRB- which looks very sinister -RRB- a couple of times at the beginning of the movie . Mystery Science Theater 3000 did a lampoon of this movie , but I have yet to see it . I have to believe the lampoon is better than the original.I have seen many of these movies . Many of them are weak , or outright bad , but most of them have at least some redeeming characteristics . This movie is just too bland and boring to be very interesting . The picture quality is also poor . Watch the Mystery Science Theater 3000 version and skip this one.For those who like trivia , this movie has apparently been released under a variety of names according to imdb : `` Ein Toter Hing im Netz '' `` A Corpse Hangs in the Web '' `` Body in the Web '' `` Girls of Spider Island '' `` Horrors of Spider Island '' `` It 's Hot in Paradise '' `` The Spider 's Web `` The years vary with the release and re-release . I would think that some of these releases were to fill space in drive-in theater billings.The one positive thing I can say about this movie is that I survived it , only to watch yet another B-movie . Good luck !
 This film has many original themes that are played out in the movies of today . For those that watched `` Total Eclipse '' you remember Damsel Washington sniffing hair from a concealed location . Yep Gary -LRB- Alexander d'Arcy was born as Alexander Sarruf in Kairo -RRB- did it first . You have seen peeking throw a bush or from a tree at skinny dippers well it is here also . How about things that bite in the night ? Yep . ----------------------- Gary is taking a dance troupe to Singapore . We get to see them audition . On the way the plane crashes in the ocean . Now it is just Garry and the women . They spot an island and setup house . We know they are not alone . It turns out to be a `` radioactive '' Island . Something is lurking in the bushes and waiting to bite . This something is not Garry ; or is it ? --------------------- This movie is so well known and universal that it has many names : Ein Toter hing im Netz -LRB- 1960 -RRB- -LSB- A Dead One Hung in the Net -RSB- Body in the Web -LRB- 1962 -RRB- A Corpse Hangs in the Web -LRB- 1960 -RRB- Girls of Spider Island -LRB- 1960 -RRB- Horrors of Spider Island -LRB- 1965 -RRB- It 's Hot in Paradise -LRB- 1962 -RRB- The Spider 's Web -LRB- 1962 -RRB-
 I figured that I might try this out but as these types of movies are pretty stupid , this one will not disappoint.All I take back from the movie is a nude chick walking around constantly and weird people/images . I guess if you had one too many LSD hits , you might actually know what is going on here , otherwise a normal non-drugged person would just scratch their head and go WTF?Good Luck ... Id suggest renting as I did , rather than buying this tripe .
 This has to qualify as one of the worse films I have ever watched . What was it ? It appeared to be a bunch of bad , ugly scenes , pasted together to give the lead a chance to show off her attributes . The sloppy visuals were accompanied by poor sound and poor to non-existing dialog . Time and money were wasted on this one .
 Too bad , this was the reason for all of my order , but more then two months later I am still waiting for this dvd . I am waiting every day ... but nothing .
 Green Chimneys is an RTC/abuse mill in Brewster NY . Dr. Samuel B. Ross Jr. made his living by promoting animals . This whole dvd is about lauding him and saying that animals cure every thing . Animals were more important than the kids who were sent to Green Chimneys . Animals were not abused . Kids were . You can read about Eric Napoletano inMama 's Boy
 For everyone and anyone who is interested in this non-profit organization . Please continue your research into this org . There is a facebook page `` Green Chimney Survivors '' as well as a Petition online to get Green Chimneys closed for good . There are multiple accounts from children in the 70 's up until the 2000 's about massive abuse by Rich King and the founder Mr. Ross as well as many others . We all know after the scandals in the Catholic Church that coming forward after years of abuse is difficult , especially when it took place at an idyllic place like Green Chimneys . If any of these accounts-if even ONE-is true-Green Chimneys needs to be held accountable . Unfortunately , very horrible things can happen at places where very wonderful things can occur as well . But people need to start asking questions.I too loved and love the ideas of this place , however after reading the accounts online , I can not turn a blind eye . Eric Lau , Philip Zagarella and Eric Napoletano are 3 dangerous men who raped and killed people and all came from Green Chimneys . `` All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . '' ~ Edmund BurkePlease I beg anyone reading this post , do n't do nothing .
 The welcome presence of Ben Gazzara -LRB- in his final starring role -RRB- can not save this meandering , underwritten comedy-drama . `` Looking for Palladin '' -LRB- 2009 -RRB- goes nowhere slowly - though the offbeat cast and Guatemalan locations provide some interest . A disappointment from Polish filmmaker Andrzej Krakowski .
 I am a huge Ben Gazzara fan . Had a crush on him ever since &#34; Run for Your Life . &#34; After he passed away a little over a year ago , I thought I would see some of his movies that he made when he was older . This one , I did not at all like the character of the other lead actor . The actor did a good job ; I just did n't like the character he played . Most annoying . Ben , as always , was fantastic . Liked the plot , and the scenery , however .
 There is n't much I can add that has n't been covered in the other one star reviews , however , I can not leave this alone . This is not so much a documentary on sexual abuse as it is an attack on the Catholic Church.The `` documentary '' opens with a quote from the `` Gospel of Thomas . '' The Bible does not have a Gospel of Thomas , but this Gnostic `` gospel '' has been popularized by anti-Catholics and particularly those riding the Dan Brown novel . The anti-Catholic sentiment is indoctrinated in certain points of the film -- arguments against celibacy , for example -- and if that is n't enough , there are assumptions and assertions that have no basis in fact . These attacks come out of nowhere at certain points in the film with no warning . At one point in the middle of an interview with an alleged abuse victim , they throw in the suggestion that the scandal can be 1600 years old -LRB- was wondering when they 'd incorporate that -RRB- , then go back to the interview which had little to do with that interruption . It reminds me of the old movie experiments where they would flash `` buy popcorn '' in an attempt to influence sales.The primary focus was on attacking celibacy of the priesthood and the church structure , and while much of the film featured abuse victims , they were still the byline to the anti-Catholic Church message.There were a few `` factoids '' added to the end of the film that were also false -- the assumption of over 100,000 abuse cases have been reported , and 80 % of abuse cases are never reported , both stats have no credible source -LRB- the film does not even quote a source for their assertions -RRB- . The 100,000 number is what is known in stats circles as `` The Goldilocks Number . '' Studies on actual reports have found the numbers to be far lower , around 10,000 over a 55 year period.As if there is n't enough proselytizing , you can go to `` special features '' and watch even more anti-Catholic propaganda . Well , if you 're an anti-Catholic you 'll get a kick out of this flick , but if you are n't you 'll understand the anti-Catholic sentiment fueling the direction of this film from the opening quote to the final made-up stat.Too bad I even have to give this film zero stars .
 I knew that I would have a problem with the approach this film took when it opened with a quote from the nonsensical , misogynistic , apocryphal `` Gospel '' of Thomas , but never could I imagine HOW much of a problem I would have . Just some of the myths touted from `` Deliver Us '' : MYTH 1
 There is something particularly shocking about the sexual abuse of minors , rallying , as it does , an array of intense emotions . Those exploring the issue must do so with particularly sensitivity , forcing themselves to present their material in a fair and objective manner . It should not be used as an opportunity to push a particular ideological agenda , be it from pre-Vatican II conservatives who equate all moral wrongdoing with a failure to adhere to traditional Roman Catholicism or reformist liberals who seek to blame the clerical culture of traditional Roman Catholicism for everything that goes wrong . The victims deserve better.My focus , here , is the journalistic merits of Deliver Us From Evil.BalanceThe film ` contextualises ' the distressing testimony of the victims of Oliver O'Grady by cutting in interviews with four main participants
 Most of the facts presented are false ... too many to mention ... another one star reviewer did a pretty good job of listing.A most heartbreaking situation made moreso by myths.If you want to see the ` monster ' so-called Priest being interviewed as well as the victims mostly edited , that would be about the only reason to purchase.All other aspects of the documentary have no factual basis and actually come down to B.S.Presenting the Truth would have sufficed as tragedy enough.Lord have Mercy on us .
 I believe this documentary was a well made one . I think the story boarding , taking both sides of the story into account and truley trying to expose this grim situation was done as best as possible.Just the content . Wow . I guess there are some things you dont want to delve to deep into -LRB- considering im not even catholic or a christian for that matter -RRB- this issue thats been going on for hundreds of years.I just had to turn it off towards the end , i found the more I watched it and saw how this abuse tore these people apart the less I wanted to keep watching it.Powerful . Torture to watch -LRB- for me . -RRB- not for the light hearted .
 It 's Time for Reporters to Seek Out the Facts About O'Grady Film . I saw this movie in its entirety.With Amy Berg 's `` documentary '' about abusive former priest Oliver O'Grady opening in theaters this week , we feel compelled to point out a few things . This because Ms. Berg has shown no great respect for the facts , either in her `` documentary '' or in the various statements she 's been making to peddle herself , her film and her various conspiracy theories.Ms . Berg 's message , in the film and in interviews , is simple
 This documentary is Very Bad . I was expecting a really good documentary and i could n't even finished it because it is really boring .
 If I knew the movie was going to be so boring , I would not have purchased it . I wasted $ 12 on it .
 Although the film may have a `` cult '' following in The States , it was marketed as a major motion picture in Korea . I looked forward to the release of this film for two months , maintaining high hopes and expectations until it released in theaters only to be sorely disappointed.Even the cinematography , which served as the film 's only saving grace , was nice but mediocre at best . I kept waiting for the moment of profound epiphany but alas , no avail . So I watched it again . Yes , I sat through -LRB- almost -RRB- two additional , painful hours of sparse and primitive dialog hoping to understand the purpose or intent of the film.The film 's greatest failure came in its inability to connect with its audience . The vignettes were too disjointed and incoherent without a logical transition . SSFW lacked the character development necessary to incite an emotional reaction in the viewer . The film reminded me more of a senior film project than a `` cinematic masterpiece . ''
 I 'll admit
 Although director Ki-Duk Kim redeemed himself from his indescribably bad film `` The Isle '' with this effort , I still ca n't recommend it for anything more than a rental and one time viewing.I enjoyed the minimalist nature of the film and the beautiful scenery as much as everyone else , but I did not enjoy the story overall nor the characters . The extreme of the young boy 's fall from being guilt ridden over his role in killing various animals to ultimately killing a human being as an adult is a stretch . And the manner in which the teacher , completely cut off from civilization , finds out that his former pupil killed is equally far fetched.Another shortcoming was the actors chosen to represent the boy at various stages in his life . The actor chosen for Fall looked nothing , and I mean nothing , like either the late teen/early adult version of the protagonist or the slightly later in life version of himself in Winter . The selection of the Fall actor was all the worse for the film in that the guy could n't act his way out of a wet paper bag.Also , if you are among those who are titillated by warnings of strong sexual content then let me give you a warning myself . The sexual scenes consist of nothing more than repeated showings of a naked man 's behind thrusting up and down on a woman who looks like she is about 13 years old.For a similarly beautiful but better Korean film , I would recommend passing this up and purchasing `` Chihwaseon '' instead .
 Highly overrated , tedious , boring , dull . Only thing to recommend it is the setting .
 unlike the rest of the movie , the seasons were pretty . the movie was ugly . it 's about child abuse . the wise monk abused the kid so badly that the kid could not function in society and had to return and live his life on the houseboat . hard to watch . harder to wonder why to watch .
 I really can not understand all these high ratings for this movie . To me it really does not make a lot of senses . Yes it did leave me speechless after watching this movie , but more a puzzled type of wonder because I really do not know what this movie tries to say . I wonder if even the Koreans will like this movie themselves .
 I 've never liked the movies of Kim Ki Duk and this one is not an exeption.Maybe it 's cultural difference that prevents me from enjoying his `` art '' , but the moral conception of all his films is simply nauseating for me
 Oh my my , where does one start with this one ? The good points first.Cinematically this film is lush , breath-taking , moving Haiku . Much of the acting is strong . For the pristine beauty of the location and of the filming palette I give it 5 stars , at least.The faults of the movie however are many . First , the behavior of the so-called `` Master '' is not accurate to Buddhist principles -LRB- see the set of ethical principles , The Shila or Sila , followed by most sects -RRB- . So ignore all the reviews which celebrate the Buddhist teaching value of this movie.The master is violent , both physically -LRB- beating the arhat -RRB- and emotionally . Instead he should follow the Shila of acting in no harmful way.What we get it seems is the directors personal fantasy of sensationalism , including his own participation as an actor
 Just take a look at the DVD cover , and read the film title . Yes , they tell you all about the film , but what you still do n't know is that ` Funky Monkey ' is far from fun or funny . Not that the film 's idea of super-intelligent and super-athletic chimpanzee is awful , but the simple fact is the chimp in this messy film does not look special at all , looking like an ordinary monkey , the same primate you can find in a zoo.Add to this unmemorable animal , the film has only a very weak plot . The chimpanzee by the name of Clemens is given a special training for martial arts at a big company 's lab . Matthew Modine is the chimp 's caretaker who also shows some kung-fu actions . They both run away from there , go to San Diego without trying to cover up their traces , and start to live with a boy whose only concern is to attract the loveliest girl in his high school . The climax includes the silliest football game ever seen on screen , in which the boy , the chimp , the two bumbling white thugs , three Chinese kung-fu masters and the president of the company all join wearing uniform , plus Matthew Modine as referee.Not only that . The production company decided to use the stunts for the chimpanzee Clemens , but the double -LRB- who is always slouching in hairy costume , trying desperately to disguise himself as a chimp -RRB- is painfully obvious , and these `` actions '' are simply dull to see with unremarkable performance from Matthew Modine , not the best choice for this kind of movie . Perhaps they did n't see ` Cutthroat Island . ` If you know the troubled process of making this film , you might feel a bit kinder to the product , so let me tell you one thing I learned at IMDb . The film was originally shot in France , but the film company did n't like the results , so they re-shot the almost entire film in San Diego . AND the film went straight to video . I mean no disrespect to the people at Franchise Pictures -LRB- which gave us such films as ` Driven ' and ` A Sound of Thunder ' -RRB- , but why did n't you release the first version instead of re-shooting it?Maybe kids find the film entertaining enough . But I am not sure . I am sure that most adults would be fidgety after watching it for five minutes , thinking ` another 85 minutes of this ? '' And I do n't know why , but Gilbert Gottfried also appears as cameo . Well , I waited for him to appear for an hour , and he was not great , either .
 I 'm just so upset with the deceitful marketing technique used to push this short film to Amazon customers . I should have listened to the one REAL reviewer on here who gave this short-film One Star . Every other reviewer is clearly directly or indirectly linked to the production . Hell , Annalyn Frame probably signed on as 8 different people and posted 8 reviews . Now , am I saying this happened , no . I 'm just asking tough questions , trying to spur thought here . I see no potential film careers for anyone involved with this production , except for the blonde girl who assisted the doctor . She possibly could pull off a porn career ... maybe .
 I can only imagine that all of the positive reviews must come from people that are friends of the director or actors . This is a poor , predictable , sub-student film .
 Still one of the cutest , cleanest holloween movie . In fact I no longer have small children at home yet continue to enjoy it year after year out of pure nostalgia.Thanks for making it available , Nora
 This movie was a waste of time and money . No good story , the acting is horrible and i was really bad . Dont watch this movie .
 These are some very LAME CGI werewolves ; They should have just had a guy in a werewolf suit . Lame CGI ruins a movie for me , and these are cartoonishly BAD . The story might have been OK if it were ` nt for the aweful werewolves . Do n't buy / rent it if you must , but not worth the money at all .
 You would have to remeber those bad flicks those awful `` Howling '' movies for comparisons . I am sue that there are even worse movies but I am glad I have not seen them .
 Some of these low budget movies make up for it with a good story , not this one , it just did n't seem to go anywhere .
 i am always wary of straight to video movies and rarely expect much but when i heard universal was going to work on putting their monsters into that market i was a little excited . Maybe after the costly idiocy of van helsing they learned something ... Wrong . this is just bad storytelling with less money and worse acting -LRB- Rea gets a pass on this -RRB- . How can they continue to mistreat big properties like the universal monsters ? Find some people who can make a monster movie ... please . The originals are good because they were taken serious with top notch talent and money .
 This movie is terrible , the story is weak and the special effects are horrible . It 's not worth renting and definitely not worth purchasing . It seems as if they set out to make a movie that would render a sequel and forgot to make a movie with a story line . The movie does n't deserve a star . I enjoy a good werewolf movie and `` The Wolfman '' movie from a few years ago was 100 times better .
 A very low budget movie , common werewolf story line but could have done better . It 's nowhere near red riding hood .
 When you watch as much TV as I do , you know a good movie within the first five minutes . You also know a bad movie . Where do these flicks come from ? I guess anyone can make a movie these days .
 Werewolves are by far my favorite kind of monsters , and unfortunately there are very few actually good werewolf movies . This is definitely not one of them . Usually when a movie goes straight to video thats usually a pretty good sign that its going to be bad . I gave this movie a chance simply because it had werewolves and I usually give every werewolf movie a shot but , all in all , this movie is just as bad as you probably think its going to be . The story is bad , especially the ending which feels cheesy and teeny-bopper Twilight inspired or something . The acting is bad , and the script is absolutely the worst . You can tell by the cast as they try to deliver their lines that they know their lines are awful and the movie is going to be awful . The CGI werewolf in this movie is also very bad -LRB- but that is expected with a straight to video release -RRB- . So , I would suggest staying away from this movie . If you are looking for a good werewolf movie I would stick with Silver Bullet -LRB- in my opinion the best werewolf movie of all time -RRB- , The Howling , The Wolfman -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , or The Wolfman -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Edit 11/1/12
 This movie sucked so bad , and it was n't even worth watching . I would not recommend it to anyone because it had little excitment , and it was really corny . The main characters in the movie were n't even cute , total let down . The two star rating I gave this movie was very generous on my part .
 Let me start this review by listing some things that make this movie horrible ! 1 . Amature acting2 . Movie is supposed to be set in the 19th century but it has a flame thrower , goggles , modern throwing knives and a modern revolver ! 3 . Some of the dialog is too modern like `` She has nothing on you '' ! 4 . Werewolf and werewolves are obvious cgi 's 5 . Stealth and camouflage This wasnt even used in ww1 no longer anytime in the 19th century!Despite all of the flaws and mistakes both historical and technical . I found this to be a movie that is slightly entertaining and I watched it with curiosity.A few tips to the filmmakers of this movie .1 . Next time hire actors not random people you pick off the street who want to be a actor .2 . Get your historical facts right ! Do some bloody research ! 3 . Use better cgi software ! 4 . Spend more money to get it done right !
 Not really ... But yes ... Happy I saw it ... Good story ... Actors tried but they needed a better vision & a little bigger budget to touch up the details ... !
 Poor &#34; B &#34; quality movie . From the previews I expected a much better production . Acting and photography was very low quality .
 Unimaginative , terrible special effects , poor acting . How do films like this get made ?? I ca n't recommend it to anyone over the age of ten .
 Yuck ! Just plain o ' l boring ! Could not even finish watching it . Lost interest very quickly . But if you like B-Movies this is the one for you .
 I decided to blindly stream this on Netflix -LRB- available as of 10/13/12 -RRB- and enjoyed it a bit . A young doctor decides to join a group of hunters to stop a menacing creature that has been terrorizing his village . It has some decent moments , including scares and thrills , but does n't live up to it 's potential.The story is fairly simple , as I previously summarized . So , it 's easy to follow which can be seen as a plus . But , the characters were very generic and have been seen a dozen times in other films ; the mysterious yet cool hunter , the smooth yet annoying hunter , the strong yet attractive female hunter , etc. . The dialogue is also littered with one liners , I did laugh at the story of the horse with wheels for legs , though . Also , I heard several different English accents , which did n't really make sense to me . The gore and action effects were actually really good . But , the werewolves felt out of place and the transformations were a little lackluster and disappointing . Also , it 's not the scariest movie , but it does pack some decent jump-out scares and some thrilling action sequences -LRB- not enough of them , though . -RRB- The werewolf 's identity was predictable , but a certain part of the ending was not ; regardless , it is also a bit boring and typical.Overall , the story and characters are generic/often boring and the effects for the most significant part of the film -LRB- the werewolves -RRB- were bad . It has been done before and better . If you 're a fan of werewolves or monster flicks , you may enjoy this film the most.Werewolf
 This movie was good up until the last 15 minutes ... then the movie just crashed and burned ! I know that if anybody paid to see this in the movie theater , you must have been very pissed after wasting your money ! The facts
 I saw an amazing short film with the same title and same basic plot at the NC gay and lesbian movie festival 2009 . I do n't know the story behind this but despite the striking similarities , the directors are distinct and this `` feature '' movie despite being longer is very shallow compared with the short one . I felt cheated because I thought this was an augmented version of the short but it is a very diluted one . I stopped watching it after 20 or 30 minutes .
 I am very disappointed on this film . First , the story is too much about the mum = 70 % , and she talked non-stop , after 20 min I stopped the dvd and throwed it away ! I dont recommend this dvd to anyone .
 When the item arrived everything was okay until I opened it . The plastic that is suppose to hold the CD in place was actually broken , and the CD was n't secure . Which means the CD could have also arrived broken . Other than that the movie played fine .
 `` Hollywood Shuffle '' is a modest and sporadically amusing film about Hollywood stereotypes of African-Americans . Unfortunately , director/writer Robert Townsend does n't hesitate to utilize his own stereotypes and put-downs of gay men in the film , who are treated as cheap laughs throughout . That a film that purports to expose bigotry in Hollywood can utilize and exploit such bigoted and stereotypical attitudes toward gays says more about Mr. Townsend than it does about Hollywood . Apparently , in Mr. Townsend 's view , bigotry is OK as long as it 's not directed at blacks ; and if you 're a victimized minority it 's OK to put down another victimized minority .
 Was this a comedy or was it a drama ? I begin this review by asking this question because the film that I just witnessed , Hollywood Shuffle , was neither funny or rather dramatic . While it tried so hard to make a point , because of this lack of definition -LRB- comedy or drama -RRB- , the clever themes and pointed remarks were lost . While I am a strong believer that there is too much racial profiling happening in Hollywood , even today , I do not believe that Townsend 's directorial debut did much to stop it . Instead , I feel it only added more fuel to the fire . Townsend 's comic timing in this film was disastrous due to the fact that the elements he was supposed to be making fun of , he was instead promoting and vice versa . The parts that were supposed to be serious were somehow destroyed by the poor lack of funny comedy . Townsend had a decent concept with this film , but sadly the execution is what ultimately hurt this film . If you watch the preview before the film -LRB- which I constantly do -RRB- , you will immediately get the wrong impression of what you are going to see . The preview gives the impression of a very intelligent , comic film that prides itself on the intelligence of the viewers , but the actually film could not be further from the truth.The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not story itself -LRB- because it is lacking in elaboration -RRB- ; it is Townsend 's direction . He had a wonderful concept with this film . Exploit the Hollywood that exploits our race . Decent idea , but why could n't he execute it very well ? The first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic . The structure of this film was like watching a heart attack on a monitor at the hospital , we are literally everywhere without any warning or map . It was obvious that Townsend had quite a bit to say , but only a short amount of time to do it in . So , instead of defining his characters , developing his themes , and actually creating a smart film , he just throws it all together and prays that it works . Sadly , it does n't . Instead of a smart comedy , we have a hodgepodge of so many ideas , comedic skits , and underused actors that this film goes from decent to nearly unwatchable . What hurts Townsend the most are his brief , attempt to be funny , interruptions throughout the film . From battling a villain known as Jerry Curl to parodying Siskel & Ebert , Townsend 's attempt to poke fun while speak a message about the film industry falters . This is because these small intermittent skits actually distract from the central focus of the film and actually destroy internally . While Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood , he actually is simply connecting to every stereotype and clich&eacute; in the book . What could have been beautiful satire transforms into simply generic humor that never quite stands apart from the rest.So , if you find yourself not laughing at the humor of this story , perhaps there is some comfort in knowing that some of the Wayans brothers are around to help spice up this dull story . WRONG ! The Wayans are in this film , but Townsend demonstrates that he has the ability to even bring the worst out even in this entertaining family . Definitely in their pre-In Living Color moments , we see that comedy was something that all needed to constantly improve upon . Perhaps it was Townsend 's direction , or just maybe this atrocious story , but these typically funny comedians were obviously underused and ignored when it came to critics of this film . I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend had to pull from that Hollywood Shuffle would have been funny , bright , and a true stab at this obvious Hollywood dilemma . Sadly , it was none of the above.Finally , I would like to say that this was a workable film . There were some moments -LRB- while they were few and way far between -RRB- that had a smile on my face , the final product just did n't settle well with me . Townsend can be funny , but in this film it just felt like he was playing against himself , instead of through his personal experiences and troubles . I realize that he was probably speaking the truth , but it never came through as that . Instead , we are threaded through a weak story , which supports itself with idiotic flash clips that may have worked for a sitcom , but surely did n't work for this film . Even for those that comment that this was his directorial debut and that he was learning from this film , I would have to disagree . If you are starting fresh , either have a tight script or defined themes . Townsend had neither of these , and combined with the inability to control his actors , he just failed in a ball of flames.Overall , this was rather disappointing to watch . It reminded me of a grade school Spelling Bee where it is finally your child 's time to spell . The word is tough , but as the first two to three letters come out , you think that it is going to work perfectly , but then there is that random `` P '' and silent `` R '' that forces your excitement to come tumbling down . That is how I felt with Hollywood Shuffle . At first , I saw the potential , I saw the theme and the motive behind the picture , but through fuzzy and inexperienced technique and after the first couple of scenes , I experienced that deep fall feeling . Townsend sank his own ship on this one , and I do n't think Hollywood Shuffle will ever re-submerge as a pivotal moment of Hollywood cinema.Grade
 I am a teacher and I thought the concept of these videos sounded good . I got `` Meet the Sight Words '' for my 4 year old and the numbers video for a 2 year old . They cry if I put them on . They say they are for babies , and boring . I have had great success with the Leap Frog videos , as well as Word World . I think pre-school prepco products are for the very young , as in under 2 years old .
 My 3.5 year old son told me this video is for baby ! He just watched once and that 's it . This DVD maybe interesting if he were 18 months or 2 . Definitely a no no for a reading kid .
 First , it 's important to note that this video is made by a producer who spun off from Eric Homberg 's Reel to Real Ministries / The Apologetics Group . A few years back Jerry Johnson split from this corporation , but still calls his organization ApologeticsGroup.com because he was able to get control of the Internet URL address . Eric Holmberg is the founder and president of The Apologetics Group and is best known for producing over 30 video presentations since 1987 , some of which are highly acclaimed . Two of the best known are Hells Bells and Amazing Grace
 From what I can see this is just more in-house fighting , one Calvinist against another . In fact , I find that Calvinism is pretty much one academic head butting heads with another . That in a nutshell is the history of Calvinism . Always an argument , always a debate , always one ego against the other , always about themselves , never about Christ . Just like their founder `` The Geneva Pope '' John Calvin , all they can do is burn one another at the stake -LRB- albeit , in this case verbal not literal -RRB- . Now we have a Calvinist pronouncing that Finney is burning in Hell . Yet history records that Finney led more people to Christ than the author ever will in 10 lifetimes . Calvinists hate everyone including other Calvinists because , you see , they have 5 points to wrangle over , so the 2 pointers lash out at the 3 pointers while the 5 pointers curse the 4 pointers , while most Calvinists today are just 1pointers and they all think they are doing God 's work . This is why Calvinism is such an empty voice . Calvinists hate the Wesley 's -LRB- whom God used to save England from a revolution and ushered in a massive revival -RRB- , they hate Whitfield who was a Calvinist because ... well , nobody really knows why except that Calvinists just hate . They hate Spurgeon who was a Calvinist because most of his sermons have a Wesleyan bent to them -LRB- Spurgeon believed in obedience , Calvinists do n't need too since God hand-picked them to be His eternal darlings while the rest of the world burns in Hell -RRB- . Calvinism
 The claim is false and even ridiculous on the face of it . In fact , the Rev. Charles G. Finney was actually TRIED on charges of heresy by the Presbyterian Church in his own day . And , when they had to listen carefully to his views , he was acquitted . Not guilty ! So the script writer supposedly knows more at this distance than Finney 's opposers and questioners who dealt with him face to face . Further , the period of history during which he taught and preached is now known as the Second Great Awakening ! At least half a million persons were saved . And these were not nominal professions of faith , but active believers who improved society . Finney 's teaching are , thankfully , now available to examine more carefully in theses basic works
 There is so much wrong with this disaster I do n't know where to start . SOUND MIXING - horrible . You can barely hear the dialogue -LRB- which may be an unintended blessing -RRB- . But if you want to hear the sound of clanking dinnerware , the click of a recording button , or mosquitoes at deafening levels , this is yourt picture!The director also uses lengthy fades to no avail and shot the film in black and white , green and white , sepia and white , and color ??? The lighting is so bad you ca n't see what 's going on , and the plot -LRB- ? -RRB- is so incoherent , the movie makes no sense . And the whole thing is BOOOORING!Avoid this at all costs !!!
 This film sucks balls . It 's hard to hear the actors and I had to adjust my volume continuously throughout the film . Maybe if the director spent time doing his job instead of jacking off he would have noticed . I have nothing personal against homeless hippies and crack whores , but damn ... the cast of this film were awful . I recommend setting yourself on fire other than watching this movie .
 This looked like it might be a somewhat decent movie , if you could hear it . The only things that were audible was the yelling and the background noise -LRB- crickets , etc. -RRB- . At least I did n't pay more then $ 1.99 for it or I would be asking for a refund .
 No matter how dreadful a movie is , usually there is something redeeming ... not so here . Really , really bad ! Slow , boring , uninteresting , an awful stinker . Made no sense , had no point . Terrible lighting and sound . Could n't see or hear what was going on . Background noise was LOUD . Some documentary-maker woman goes back to a river basin where she was raised to find out what happened to her dad who vanished while they fished years ago . Her , camera crew and river man , Jack are weird . Jack and Dave go in the water everyday looking around . The other woman just looks at photographs throughout the movie . The drunk blond guy goes insane after seeing `` something '' during a diving session . Strange little things happen . Despite this , none of the dummies leave . The backstory is that in the 1920 's , the son of the town 's founder fathered an illegimate son with a prostitute . When the wealthy father found out about this discretion , he threatened to write his son out of the will . The son then sets his illegitimate son off in a boat and upon finding out , the boy 's mother hangs herself . The movie could have built upon this premise and maybe been ok . Instead it 's a rumpled bumbled messy piece of cinema crap-o-la . I 'd give a negative rating if I could .
 This has got to be the worst movie I have seen by far . The movie is so dark , choppy and confusing . They rarely speak throughout the film and and the sound is off . I ca n't say enough how this movie is a waste of time . If there was a zero on this rating it would be less than that . It is not even the kind of bad movie you ca n't help but watch and laugh at it . So disappointing ! Insult to film .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before this . I made it through half of the movie - I was watching it on headphones while everyone else played a game . I kept making so many &#34; omg this movie is so bad &#34; noises that kids were coming over to check it out and laugh at it also . I have no idea what was going on , the film was really hard to see and to hear - and it had no plot . I thought it was a documentary - I still do n't know what it was ! I sure hope they just remove this movie as a choice .
 Forgive me for thinking that Tom Conti was going to play the part of a dull and unambitious but kind husband . Instead he played it as a bumbling , stuttering , cuckolded fool . It is n't the character that I object to ; it 's the way Conti played it that is irritating . Francesca Annis held her own , to be sure , but it 's because of Conti 's ridiculous portrayal of Monsieur Bovary that I could only give this mini-series a 1 star rating . It 's difficult to feel anything but contempt for Madame Bovary but it 's because of the character and not Annis ' acting . I 'd avoid this one and find another dvd that tells the story . It ca n't be any worse than this one .
 I am wondering if the folks from New Line Cinema wrote half of these reviews on amazon to hype up this piece of trash.For a film about cutting-edge technology , `` Simone '' is pretty rudimentary , with only a handful of sets and locales . Compounding this B-movie look is cinematographer Edward Lachman 's decision to shoot some scenes bathed in off-putting tints as though he were shooting on aging film stock.This movie was far fetched !! Save your money and rent it first !
 Low budget , and not successfully so like GATTACA . Fake CGI audience arms in the stadium . Long-winded , sometimes-preachy , mostly rambling-informative monologues by Pacino to Pacino in an empty soundstage . Predictable second half . People keep going on about unbelievable aspects like a dedicated keyboard , or a 12 year old girl recovering the deleted Sim One program . I do n't care about any of that . The biggest problem is Rachel Roberts . First , she has a very generic , uninteresting homogenous `` pretty '' face . Her lips look injected . Her teeth look a little Yoda-ish . And she is n't really that good of an actress . Even her vocal cadence is off , like someone who is tone deaf . Maybe that was intentional , but the fact that I 've seen her in nothing since makes me think she was specifically chosen to fit a role , not because of her acting abilities . I 'm sure she 's a nice gal , but how can you expect to suspend disbelief if your film star within a film within a film comes off as flat ? Sure , you can claim that was intentional , but then the satire would have to be stronger and more on point . It 's not , especially later in the film . Cool idea , but mostly a let down .
 I got the message of the movie but to be honest it still is a horrible movie . It wasnt even mildly ammusing .
 Look I get the message . Hollywood and society are crazy and so on and so on . The movie is an overblown bazaroo land that is well for lack of a better term REDICULOUS . Al Pacino is one of my favorite actors its not his performance its just that the movie itself was stupid . This movie is not even a decent rental . I dont recommend this movie to anyone even when it is for free on TV .
 Okay , I thought this movie was a joke . My husband and I were laughing hysterically , but because it was so ridiculous . I am a HUGE Pacino fan , so this was disappointing . I still can not believe he would even take this role .
 After The critical sucsess of the the Thriller `` Insomia '' Pacinobroke ground with some intense action best i 've seen from himin a long time . So after seeing this film `` Simone '' i thoughtit was n't funny or compelling at all . Pacino plays a directorwho 's going through a slew of emotional problems when he encounters a computer enhanced model to impersonate an a real life actress . Bogus storyline Hard to imagine a star of Al Pacino 's Magnuitude taking part in this considering the awesomebody of work pacino has done in the past why would he take on therole of a crazed idiot and possibly damange his great carrer ? This film is definatly not for the die-hard pacino fans .
 Simone is one of those movies that drive intelligent people crazy . For it to work , people have to act and think in such an idiotic manner for the better part of two hours , and as an audience , we just ca n't take it . A good definition for this is called the `` Idiot Plot '' by the esteemed reviewer Roger Ebert and it certainly applies here.Simone does not have a bad premise . Al Pacino is a struggling filmmaker who at the beginning of the film has his main actress walk out on him for a bunch of childish reasons -LRB- her trailor is not the highest on the lot -RRB- , leaving him with no actress . His fellow filmmakers including ex wife Catherine Keener think the project needs to be trashed , since the actress will sue if she appears in the movie in any way.At this point , Pacino is approached by a nutty guy who eventually gives him a hard drive with a computerized actress -LRB- Simulation One = Simone -RRB- . The man dies before Pacino gets the gift and although he is reluctant at first , he learns how to work it . The film is redone with `` Simone '' and is a smash . Pacino is a star.The problem is that the world thinks that Simone is a real person and Pacino tries to keep this information secret . But since Simone becomes easily the most popular and famous person on the planet almost instantly , what person watching this film will actually believe that the characters in the movie will not figure out that Simone is fake when :1 -RRB- No one actually speaks to or sees her live .2 -RRB- There are no pictures of her at all .3 -RRB- It must be at least 6 months or longer that Pacino keeps up the hoax , because Simone appears in 3 movies.Come on ! The movie could have been good if it had been more about the premise of using a totally computerized character as a lead , not trying to keep it clandestine from the rest of society . With the technology available today , it is simply ridiculous to think that no one would ever figure it out.Overall the movie was not terrible , but I wo n't want to see it again . I like Pacino in most things , but he just ca n't save this .
 First off , there has been much criticism in the past few years about how movies show an unusual amount of smoking by characters and this one backs up that argument wonderfully . Its a smoke fest . Its just a big tobacco company endorsement . Ironic when you consider that Pacino starred in the Insider - an Excellent movie about tobacco industry whistle blower Dr. Jeffery Wigand . For those who care about their children viewing images of adults smoking as if it was a safe pastime , this film is on the AVOID list.This movie had an interesting enough premise but the really lame CGI and totallack of technological believability makes anyone with any computer knowledge sit theresaying `` that 's ridiculous ! '' and `` They expect us to believe that ? '' the whole time . On the one hand we 're supposed to believe Sim-One is so advanced that it can produce a realistic woman who can pass for a living person , but on the other hand the technology is so un-advanced that she can be stored on a bunch of 1.4 floppy disks ???? And since when can you instantly remove a virus by simply ejecting the disk the virus software was on?The effects are so bad , Simone is only one step above Max Headroom when she 's in the computer and I was half expecting him to co-star in the next movie with her ! And are we supposed to believe that Pacino 's character is such a computer wiz that he can do CGI rendering of a believable looking human so fast that he could churn out 2 whole films with this character in one year ? I do n't think ILM can do that ! The effects are lame and the story is pretty stupid . It barely gets a chuckle even when it is supposed to be funny.Its a shame . In the right hands , done with good effects , a little techo research and somenicotine gum , this might have been a good comedy .
 Very disappointed.This movie was as entertaining as paint drying .
 Just awful . At least no animals were abused during the filming of S1mone , or Simone , whatever they want to call it . The premise -LRB- that 5 billion ppl can fall for a `` virtual reality '' star -RRB- is ludricous . Even if you somehow are able to suspend disbelief , the plot her is very predictible , and you know the Victor Taransky 's -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- invented `` star , '' Simone will become so big , that he 'll be tempted to destroy his creation.Al Pacino can be very good , or he can be an over-acting buffoon -LRB- Author , Author -RRB- . He 's the latter here.How this got financed and put into the theatres is just astounding . The good reviews here ? Probably each written by the cast and crew of this stink bomb.But if these people truly liked this film , then the apocolypse is upon us .
 I never expect good actors to be in bad films , but I guess you ca n't always have a hit . Such is the case with S1m0ne . This movie has brief moments of actual humor , but is more interested in being a self-referential satire of Hollywood . Thus it spends the majority of its time poking fun at itself , and not enough time developing humor.S1m0ne starts off with an interesting concept , but fails to deliver on any of its potential . Considering that Pacino has helped create her , this would lead most movies into a Frankenstinian area where S1m0ne becomes sentient . However , it does n't go past teasing with the idea of Pacino losing himself in his portrayal of S1m0ne.At 1.5 hours through , I realized that the plot was n't going to go any further than `` man creates star , star becomes more famous than man . '' At that point , every other plot point becomes predictable , and the happy ending is painfully obvious.Considering that the movie promotes itself by proclaiming to feature an entirely computer generated star , our expectations are high . When we learn that S1m0ne was actually portrayed by an unknown actress , we get our first of many disappointments.I found it more interesting to contemplate how many levels this film did n't work , rather than think about the rather silly plot it supplied us with.If you wa n't a CGI character , try Two Towers . If you want entirely CG people , try Final Fantasy . As can easily be seen , actors ' jobs are not in any way threatened by the advances of computer technology .
 Al Pacino and the nosy journalist made it watchable for me , but other than that , this is a horrid movie . The entire world is captivated by some actress because no one has ever seen her . She 's ones and zeros only , a representation . But then Al has Simone giving interactive interviews via Al speaking behind her voice and image -LRB- she 's not artificially intelligent -RRB- . Eventually she is singing as a hologram in the Super-Dome and being broadcast to the whole WORLD who apparently gives a ... and does n't notice that she 's a hologram . Even at the Taj Mahal , there are thousands of people watching a giant TV screen all trying to catch a glimpse of the mysterious Western beauty . It 's pretty pathetic . In another scene , Al Pacino is driving his car from the passenger seat with a mannequin in the driver 's seat and talking on the phone to his ex-wife who is in the car in the next lane . He does this as one of his many attempts to convince everyone that she does in fact exist . The point is , the ex-wife would have obviously seen that it was a mannequin being only a few feet away . Just kinda stupid . In the end , we realize that this is all meant-to-be so Al can get back together with his ex-wife because she believes that he and Simone are an item , and that she could n't possibly compete with her . Sad . This one fell FAR from the tree of directing Gattaca and writing the Truman Show Mr. Niccol , maybe next time we get a picture ? eh ?
 The basic premise of S1m0ne sounds promising . However , as is the case with many movies having one person with too much control -LRB- written/directed/produced by same person in this case -RRB- , someone needed to say `` hey , wait a minute . What about ... ? `` What about computer technology ? Using a 5.25 floppy in the movie is bad enough . Having a computer-illiterate movie director -LRB- Pacino -RRB- suddenly have instantaneous knowledge -LRB- and a dedicated keyboard -RRB- of a rather complex software package on a run-of-the-mill PC was a major stumbling block.What about driving a car as a passenger in the reclined position -LRB- with a mannequin in the driver seat -RRB- ? The less said about that , the better.What about having a teenage girl as the hero ? -LRB- Well , technically , she was 12 , but it 's about the same thing -RRB- . Never having any exposure to Dad 's afore-mentioned-mediocre PC-with - fantastic-software , she is quite the hero on it.With these three major blunders out of the way , the rest of the movie had unrewarded promise and yet , it was still mildly entertaining . I liked Winona Ryder 's small part for some reason - perhaps a pair of reasons.I would suggest renting rather than buying .
 Everyone would admit its idea is brilliant . What if you create 100 % computer-generated actress ? The perfect actress who does n't complain about the huge trailer you took trouble to prepare ; who does n't require 10 packs of cigarettes -LRB- with 3 opened -RRB- ; and who does n't command $ 20 million like you know who ? What if a director whose works turned flops these ten years find that chance ? `` Simome '' -LRB- more precisely `` S1m0ne '' -RRB- gives a good idea , and stops there.The film director in point is Viktor Taransky -LRB- mixture of Talkovkey and Tarantino -RRB- played by Al Pacino . Now his new project is dead because of the egoistic star Nicola -LRB- Winona Ryder -RRB- , but he is given a computer program by an ailing programmer . 9 months later , Viktor is back in glory , with a new star everyone admires but nobody knew until then -- Simone.As Viktor tries to hide her secret , her popularity ironically rises to worldwide fame . Trying to fend off the inquisitive press and his ex-wife and producer Elaine -LRB- Catherine Keener -RRB- , Viktor keeps the show going on ... but where he is going to?And where ? The satire is there , but that does n't bite , lacking new and original angle to tackle the issue of celebrity and movie industry . Director Andrew Niccol 's detached approach to the Hollywood system leaves the audience wondering why this movie is made . Actually , what the film shows is very conventional , including the conclusion that is too good to be true.But more damaging thing about the film is , I think , that for all its quirky charm of Carter Burwell 's music , the film does n't look real and compelling at all . I do n't know whether choice of model-turned-actress Rachel Roberts as Simone can be justified . The film shows that people in India and Japan love her , disregarding cultural differences , but that is ok . But if you see Al Pacino , who did n't look like a guy who was sitting before computer , suddenly starts to handle the keyboard and manipulate the various images of Simone , we begin to disbelieve . When he announces Simone is agoraphobia before the people , and then she suddenly appears in a concert -LRB- in a big place , of course -RRB- , we wo n't believe that at all -LRB- hey , someone must sense something is wrong ! -RRB- . The `` story '' of `` Simone '' in short needs more details . If you want to tell a story , tell it better.And finally about special effects . Those who bought recent DVDs -LRB- of `` Matrix '' or whatever -RRB- must know that any good CGIs require skilled people 's efforts and time . Many fans now know that , and that kind of knowledge on our side will perhaps reduce the film 's credibility . My low rating comes on this score . But of course , if the satire had been given more cutting-edge ... well , I said about that already .
 SIMONE -LSB- 107 minutes / Rated PG-13 for some sensuality -RSB- Andrew Niccol is fascinated by the effects of technology on society . He wrote and directed the underrated 1997 film , `` Gattaca '' , which showed how genetic engineering might alter society . It was a chilling and altogether possible vision . He wrote `` The Truman Show '' , a dazzling satire of reality TV and our obsession with the media . I am sad to report that his latest effort , `` Simone '' , falls flat . The premise is clever , but the script fails to deliver either much excitement or a clear message.Victor Taransky -LSB- Al Pacino -RSB- is a famous director whose recent string of flops has jeopardized his career . When the star of his latest movie -LSB- intended to be his comeback -RSB- walks off the set , he his devastated . A few weeks later he receives a package from a lawyer representing the estate of a mad computer programmer Victor barely knew . Inside is a series of disks which will allow him to digitally create an actress . He names her Simone and uses her to replace the star who quit . The digitally altered movie becomes a hit , and Simone becomes a phenomenon . There is a media frenzy , and Victor must decide what to do with a star who does n't exist.Pacino tries hard to breathe some life into his part , but the script does n't contain enough witty or satirical material for him to succeed . The usually excellent Catherine Keener has problems with her role as Victor 's current boss and ex-wife because it is hard to know what it is about the character that would make Victor want her back . Eliminating this overused subplot altogether might have helped the movie by giving the main theme more room.There are still lots of interesting stories to be told about society 's battles with its technological creations . If Niccol decides to continue exploring this subject , I wish him better luck next time .
 When you hear people speak about an idea , whether an advertising idea , a new consumer product , or a movie -- that got ruined by too many committees -LRB- the old `` camel '' anecdote -RRB- -- think of SIMONE.Very good idea . What is real in life , in Hollywood , in our imagination ? Somehow the premise is lost amid the shenanigans till Pacino is forced to restate it near the end to make us realize the drivel we 've been watching is really a `` thinking person 's movie . '' It ai n't ! Pacino , as good an actor as there is , never makes the part come to l ife . Taylor Pruitt Vince , a terrific and idiosyncratic character actor , does not seem to know who his character is -LRB- nor did I -RRB- . Forget the fact that Pacino , who admits he does not know computers , is a sudden expert.If you want to see a good Hollywood movie , DIVINE SECRETS OF THE YA-YA SISTERHOOD and ROAD TO PERDITION are the best . The indys are far superior in general this year . Or stay home and watch HBO .
 I remember the theatrical commercials giving me the impression that Simone comes to life -LRB- gains consciousness -RRB- and starts to have some sort of love / hate relationship with the male star.What a bunch of baloney . Throughout the ENTIRE movie , Simone is controlled like a puppet on a string . Al Pacino uses a computer to make her speak whatever he wants her to say . She does n't have a mind of her own , she does n't move on her own .
 This movie dose n't even deserve 1 star . Simone was a awful , stupid movie and i 'd recommend it to nobody .
 From the other reviews you will get the gist of the movie . Languishing director gets gifted his salvation which after use and exploitation in the right proportions turns into his poison.The concept , the actors , even the writing is good . But the movie does n't work . It is neither funny or compelling and leaves us treading the lost-between-drama-and-comedy water . Pacino who is always consistently good - is ... good but no more.Technology like money is inherently neutral . You have to make it good or evil or likable or threatening . But Simone never makes us feel one way or the other . So our emotions are always in the gate but the gun never fires . Pacino instead of becoming the wizard of oz becomes the wizard of odd.I do n't want to give a way the ending - BUT HOLY COW HOLLYWOOD WRITERS DO PRECOCIOUS TEENS ALWAYS HAVE TO BE THE HEROES OF MODERN TECHNOLOGY ? Come on , give us middle aged folks a break . I do n't know about you but my kid -LRB- and I love him dearly -RRB- breaks my computer all the time and shrugs - SHRUGS !!! - when I ask him what he did and if he can undo it . Ah well you learn the importance of backing up your work which I suppose is a good thing .
 I dont understand all the good reviews written about this movie . It was predictable , boring and poorly executed . It just dragged on and on without any high points or wit anywhere.Viktor -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- plays a washed up director whose latest picture is doomed when his star walks out on him . His ex-wife , who also happens to be the head of the studio producing his film , refuses to renew his contract and wo n't have anything to do with him either . In fact , no one wants anything to do with Viktor and his failures as a movie maker . Even unknown nobodies do n't want to work with him.Then one day an avid fan and brilliant computer programmer gives Viktor a program he created . It is called `` Simone '' and is a computer program of a tall , blonde , `` gorgeous '' -LRB- we 'll get ot the gorgeous part later -RRB- interactive `` actress '' . Viktor programs her to play the lead in his movie - since he couldnt get anyone else to do it - and it turns out to be a hit . Everyone is in in awe of this new `` talent '' and her star keeps rising , even though no one has ever seen her in person and even though she has never shown up to a single movie premiere or promo event . These things are usually in an actor 's contract I thought , but neither Viktor is asked about it , nor the studio footing the bill ; yeah right , as if a big studio like this would have kept silent when its number one money making star refused to show up to promote the movie.Anyway , of course now that Viktor 's movie is a success , suddenly everyone wants something to do with him again - including his ex wife who cries to Viktor that she wants to come back . Uh hu . I am glad they didnt grab into the clichee tooldbox for this one.Somewhere here the movie lost me in absurdity . First there was the whole someone-becoming-famous-without-anyone-having-met - them part . Calling that far fetched would be an understatement . Then there is that part about him being loved by everyone now that he was a fiscal success again ; that was not only predictable but from an artistic point of view trite and unimaginative.The huge problem with this movie , however , is the fact that Simone is so popular despite being a computer program no one has ever seen . She even gets nominated for an academy award - all without anyone becoming seriously suspicious . Movies or not , I could n't buy that . Since this was n't a fantasy or sci-fi flick , I do expect some resemblance to reality and probable situations.I understand this movie is supposed to be a farce or satire maybe , making fun of the whole Hollywood superficiality and fame thing , but the way it was done was poor . Something is really funny and a satire if the premise upon which it is based is probable and realistic . Sort of like a Woody Allen movie . But the scenario presented to us here is neither probable nor particularly realistic and hence the comedy , the farce , the satire and with it the message , is lost . I know Hollywood is fake and sells a fantasy , but the whole movie industry mistaking a computer simulation for a real person ? And then everyone buying it that as an actor , she is camera shy and that she is an agoraphobic ? This takes suspending disbelief to new heights as you have to seriously pretend to be living in a parallel universe for this to be remotely plausible . Somehow it seems like no one alerted the actors , especially Pacino and Keener , that this is supposed to be a farce because everyone plays their part seriously . There is just a disconnect here.I admit there were funny moments somewhat towards the end when Simone commits many PR crimes and still is loved and how pathetic all the reporters and talk show hosts and generally all the people in the industry and the fans are who keep worshipping someone based on a role they played in a movie - even though as a human being they do not have many redeeming qualities . That was funny and very true about Hollywood . But overall I must say the movie did more of a bad job than a good one.If they wanted to poke fun at the mindless and fanatical celebrity followers and their zealotry and hypocrisy , they should have gone about it a different way . This movie sort of reminded me a bit ofMonty Python 's Life Of Brian - The Immaculate Edition | Life of Brianwhere this kid is mistaken for the messiah and everyone interprets all of his actions , even trivial ones , as divine providence with deep meaning . Now that is a great satire and it is funny because everyone understands that it is a satire . `` Simone '' feels like it is lacking that direction , that spunk , as you keep wondering if this is supposed to be a comedy , a satire or serious.And finally , Simone , played by Rachel Roberts , was neither beautiful nor the stuff of legends . She was lacking something and I think if they were going to make her into the second coming of The Garbo , they should have also picked an appropriate actress , not this washed up tub of plain yogurt . I doubt most people in the audience could identify with the awe Simone was supposedly inspiring . That just added to the lack of plausibility , originality and believability which has been plaguing this movie from the start on .
 ** 1/2 Are movie stars an endangered species ? Will they someday become obsolete ? In the past several decades , as filmmakers have come to rely more and more heavily on computer technology to bring their visions to life on screen , there 's been a growing suspicion in the film industry that actors might one day become superfluous to the whole moviemaking process . There might even be some financial incentive for studios to explore this particular option . After all , why pay actors exorbitant salaries or put up with their temperamental tantrums when all a director need do is push a button and have a computer-simulated person deliver the perfect performance for him ? Could `` actors '' become , in essence , nothing more than `` special effects '' to be inserted into the moviemaker 's final product ? Already today , a number of filmmakers , when confronted with having to film scenes involving massive crowds , have opted to forego hiring oodles of expensive extras , relying instead on the computer to supply all the requisite people for them . Now what would happen if some filmmaker suddenly had the technology necessary to do that with his main characters ? Enter Simone - and all Hollywood gives a collective shudder . `` Simone '' is another high concept fantasy by Andrew Niccol , the writer/director who made `` The Truman Show '' a few years back . Like that earlier film , `` Simone '' is concerned with the issue of reality vs. illusion as it is played out in the modern world of our mass media culture . `` Simone '' tells the story of a down-on-his-luck film director , Viktor Taransky -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- who , fed up with the rampant egotism of the stars he is forced to work with , finds a way to circumvent the problem when a `` madman '' scientist shows him how to create a cybernetic actress named Simone . Even though she is nothing more than a computer simulation , Simone ends up taking the deluded world by storm , achieving instant celebrity status and rescuing Taransky 's faltering career in the process . `` Simone '' sounds great on paper , and I am sure that Niccol felt he was really making an incisive satire on both the moviemaking process and the shallowness of American pop culture . The problem is that `` Simone '' never achieves the level of sophistication in its execution that the premise - and the film 's pedigree - would lead us to expect . We know what we are SUPPOSED to be thinking while watching `` Simone '' - that Hollywood is filled with rampant egotists and phonies , that moviemaking is based on manipulative illusions and that modern audiences are only too willing to fall for and even worship hollow and empty glamour at the expense of the really important things in life - but the heavy handed , humorless way in which the message is delivered robs the film of most of its incisiveness and point . In fact , there is really not one genuine laugh in the course of the film . The Hollywood insider stuff is obvious and overdone and much of the humor is of the harried-deceiver-running-around-trying-not-to-get-caught variety . We even have Viktor setting up a speakerphone `` meeting '' between Simone and her fellow actors , jumping into a golf cart and racing to his computer terminal in a nearby sound stage so that he can `` speak '' for Simone . The problem is that , apart from the corny slapstick nature of the whole setup , the scene does n't make any sense anyway since Viktor - as Simone - never interacts conversationally with the actors , but simply delivers a speech to them which could have been prerecorded just as easily as the one he did for Simone to start the meeting with . Thus , all the madcap running around turns out to be for naught in the final analysis , since it is never even exploited for its own comic effectiveness . Despite the veneer of originality , almost everything about the film feels conventional and obvious , including the bit about how Victor is desperately trying to win back his ex-wife who just so happens to be one of the heads of the studio for which he works . -LRB- I wonder if Niccol and Woody Allen shared notes on this script , for I could swear that this was the very same storyline for `` Hollywood Ending , '' yet another unsuccessful fantasy about the moviemaking process -RRB- . In many ways , Niccol , as a writer , is as tied to phoniness and conventionality as the industry he is attempting to deride . And the ending , though `` clever , '' completely violates the theme - of the importance of truth and integrity - that the filmmaker has been working towards all along.Pacino , despite the fact that he is often required to look a bit foolish as the madly racing around , harried director , ends up delivering a generally warm and sympathetic performance , managing to keep the character life-sized in the face of all the larger-than-life nonsense that is going on around him . Catherine Keener , one of the most compelling actresses working in films today , makes of his ex-wife a woman of wit , intelligence and compassion.Thanks to cinematographers Derek Grover and Edward Lachman , Niccol brings a sharp , burnished look to the film . The movie seems to be bathed in a kind of warm golden light , enhancing the slightly otherworldly quality Niccol 's fantasy scenario demands.Yet , it is that scenario itself that , ultimately , spells defeat for `` Simone . '' One appreciates the attempt to try something a little `` different , '' but Niccol is simply not able to bring it all together in this particular instance . Yes , `` Simone '' fails at a higher level than the average Hollywood movie , but it is still , alas , a failure . Given a more sophisticated treatment , this `` high concept '' effort could have been a real knockout .
 This is the first review I have written and I only write it to warn those who , like me , read reviews before buying . This movie is awful ! The plot is rehashed stuff from other man-creates-digital-character classics like The Lawnmower Man and Virtuosity . At its best , the acting is two-dimensional . The dialogue sounds like it came with the screenwriting software the script was written on . The only good thing I can say about this film is that it appears to be shot in focus . To quote a great film , ` Get Shorty , ' `` I 've seen better film on teeth . `` Nothing pains me more than telling you how bad this film is because the writer/director Andrew Niccol is one of my heroes . His first film , Gattaca , is my favorite sci-fi film of all time ! And his script for The Truman Show borders on something divine . This guy is a genius . But this film is a dud . Better luck next time , Andrew !
 I 've been thinking that it was only a matter of time before someone created a virtual model that would take the ad world by storm with no one knowing the model is n't real . With that in mind , this seemed like a great premise for a movie . Ufortunately , Andrew Niccol who wrote , produced and directed this film did n't seem to have a clear idea of where to go with this . At times it seemed like the film would make great biting satire of our pop star driven culture , but never went all the way there , at least not believably . Other times the film tried to touch on the egomania that lies at the core of creative people , but only seemed to glorify the shallowness that overcomes all else.Most problematic for me is Al Pacino and the types of roles he seems to revel in these days . Distraught , disheveled , twisted and tortured seems to be all of the depth he has left . This just did n't seem like the right role for him at all . All of the supporting characters and actors seemed particularly flat , which someone might say was intentional , contrasting them with the computer generated superstar , but if the point was to create another level of satire it did n't work for me.Another point . If a movie is to be made with computers at the heart of the storyline , could the directors please hire a technical advisor -LRB- perhaps a local highschool kid -RRB- to point out the glaring errors ! Here 's a program way beyond any we currently have , and at one point Pacino 's character inserts a 5.25 '' floppy disk in his `` super computer '' ? Computers have n't had those drives in 20 years . The whole program is given to Pacino on a portable hard drive which he inserts into a disk tray to load ? He states that he knows nothing about computers , but after he is given this super program -LRB- disk only -RRB- he loads in into the elaborate set-up with special function keyboards , motion grab , etc. . . where did all that come from ? It 's just too much disbelief for me to suspend and only points out even larger plot holes . They even go as far as not crediting the actress so that we think she may truly be a computer composit , yet the day after the movie was released the real actress -LRB- Canadian model Rachel Roberts -RRB- was doing interviews . Oh well.I just ca n't recommend this movie except as very light entertainment with a good concept done poorly .
 Doubtless millions of dollars were flushed down the you know what to bring this movielike product to market . There is not an identifyingly plausible real character , relationship or scenario in the entire movie . I am as capable of accepting a suspension of strict realism for the sake of a good story or deeper underlying premise as anyone , but that does not apply here . As with most contemporary movies , the concept of the screenplay as a living organism that should have some kind of coherence in all its myriad parts is apparently a foreign concept . Whatever psychological condition the Matthew Perry character has which causes him to experience life in some markedly different way from anybody else -- i.e. the key to the entire movie -- is not conveyed at all . Nothing tangentially related to him -- how he earns enough money that it is seemingly no object to him , why various women characters find him sexually desirable -- make any sense within the context of the movie . Lynn Collins is cute and is the kind of girl one might dream of encountering at the pool table in the neighborhood dive bar in Rochester , but she certainly has no future as a movie star . The Mary Steenbergen character is completely ridiculous , and all of the minor characters are wholly flat , and the scenes involving them clunky and lifeless , the dialogue banal . It 's atrocious , and I 'm only bothering to post a review because I need practice at identifying with some clarity to myself why things are inferior , and also to try to bring the overall rating of the film down .
 Why would the women in this film keep falling for Matthew Perry ? He walks around with a mental condition that leaves him emotionally numb . His expression throughout is blank . He offers nothing . So that made no sense . Also , there is no plot , only Perry trying to get himself cured through shrinks and drugs . This was really quite boring , and I had to pause it often over two days just to say I finished watching it .
 That is what it was , as there was nothing on the disc that would play . Some message came up the first time and it appeared to be a data disc . Oh well , the rest of them were ok !
 I picked this movie up because Matthew Perry and Mary Steenburgen almost always deliver but this was one was a real disappointment . Matthew Perry 's character is experiencing a period of depersonalization and life has gone flat - no highs , no lows . Unfortunately , the movie suffered from the same condition . He 's depressed and he 's looking for answers - along the way , he discovers a beautiful girl . Perry 's character goes from one condescending therapist to another and that could be funny ... but it is n't . The interactions with his family should add something to the plot but it really does n't . He even breaks up with the beautiful girl and that should provide some anti-climax , but it does n't . A little ways into the movie , Perry 's character steals a pen from the drug store - the kleptomania is only a device that is needed in the break-up scene ; it does n't really get explained or resolved once it is no longer necessaryto the plot . A couple of nude shots and a ton of uses of the `` F-word '' are thrown in to try to keep the audience from going numb but it 's like trying to revive a dying patient by sticking their tongue between the posts of a 9-volt battery , rather than using a defibrillator.The movie kept reminding me of a couple of Bill Murray movies - `` Lost in Translation '' and `` Broken Flowers '' and I 'm just not sure we really need one more movie about a jaded , self-absorbed person shuffling blandly through the lives of those around him .
 This was quite an unsatisfying movie . I bought it because of Matthew Perry and the description made it sound like a drama/comedy . Unfortunately there was nothing funny about it . Most of the acting was flat and at times the story line was so boring that I fast forwarded .
 Some indie films are good , but who wants to watch a film about indie filmmaking ? Living in Oblivion told me way more than I ever wanted to know about the world of indie film , and did it in a way that was n't funny or evocative or convincing or any other quality that might make me watch something . This is kind of the George magazine of indie film , all gossip and no substance . Basically a waste of time .
 Living in Oblivion is like the cartoon character on Nickelodeon 's CatDog , who has a dog 's head at one end of it 's body and a cat 's head at the other and can therefore never decide which of its opposing instincts to follow . The film , that begs for a plot , undulates insanely between being somewhat amusing and utterly ridiculous . I felt like pulling my hair out when I realized that everything I watched was all a dream - TWICE ! As the movie begins to climax and make some sort of meaningful sense , you are all of a sudden staring at a black screen of rolling credits , feeling as if you could honestly pull your hair out . -LRB- Maybe you 'll wake up and realize that it 's only a dream ! -RRB- The only thing right about this movie is its title . `` Living in Oblivion . '' The bottom line here is that there are too many ingredients in the plot and the story line is non-existant . Turn on Nickelodeon instead . You 'll get the same effect .
 I firmly state that this touches the highest level of cinematic genius ; right next to Too Wong Foo , Thanks for everything Julie Newmar ...
 This DVD is garbage . It is totally unviewable . And all I can hear is something about the Muhamed Ali and Frazier fight in Ziare . I was looking forward to seeing the movie after having read the book . But I guess I ca n't . At least not from this vendor .
 I must begin by saying that the performances by Monique and Gabby Sidibe are simply unprecedented . I can not even begin to understand why Gabby Sidibe did not win the Oscar for this . My problem with the story and the film is that I am unable to wrap my mind around these events being even remotely possible . Perhaps I am in denial that such horrors exist but I can not fathom a life so filled with horror and darkness . Are there truly such heathens among us ? Do mothers and fathers beat , sexually molest and rape their own flesh and blood ? This has nothing to do with race or religion or political profile ; this bears directly down upon the soul and conscience of these human beings we share the planet with . Do they truly exist ? Are there young men and women living lives as portrayed in this film?All of the horror movies combined can not hold a candle to the absolute terror that is this film . These are the things that truly do go bump in the night . These are the monsters under the bed ; the witches in the closet ; the vampires that lurk in the shadows.I would not recommend this movie . It is a disturbing spear that penetrates the heart and murders the spirit . Do we turn our backs on such occurrences ? Absolutely not . Rather than spend millions on movies that depict these truths , we should focus our energy on whatever it is that needs to be done to move toward the rescue of our most precious natural resources
 I 'm not the first person to point out that this movie does n't have much of a plot -LRB- I 'm being generous -RRB- . It 's a pity because the performances are first-rate -LRB- especially Mo'Nique -RRB- . Also , there is n't a proper ending . If this is supposed to be a movie about overcoming adversity , then it has a funny way of going about it . And let 's not mention the plot holes you could drive a truck through ...
 I do n't hate it , but I never got to watch it , it would n't play . at first it was in slow motion , then just stopped altogether . . Really wanted to watch it :-LRB- ...
 I ca n't give this movie any stars because the movie would not load , so Amazon is not high on my list since they charged me for a movie that I told them would not load . and thet still charged me.so in my opinoin Amazon sucks and I will never use their services ever again
 the movie is embarassing - the book is better - gives explicit details of abuse and is degrading as well-i was never sexually abused but i have seen it done to many little girls in my family when i was a little boy and none never told and neither did i - not saying it is right but some stories are best not put in movies
 What can I say about this movie except that it confims what we all have known all along , this fraction of the population is rittled by parental abuse , incest , drug addiction and welfare fraud . Why OW and Tyler Perry would have ever pursued this endevore is beyond any comprehension . I had no sympathy before seeing this movie and I have less now.-dop
 The premise was to take the ugliest dumbest fattest worst stereotype of a black woman to give us all hope for out own failings ; a sort of reverse scape-goating that promotes positive feeling in fantasy and potential . . We all need to do this and the unconscionable option that people do do is pick on the weak or find stupid reasons to hate in order to feel more superior . So in all there are many understandable reasons to like the film.After this feel good premise the dead-paness of Clarissa means all kinds of axioms can be infered for good acting which not sure was the case . Also it is fictional unto cuckoo-land that any one abused since 3yrs would ever turn out to be strong and warm and steady as a rock as she is portrayed . Possible if she 'd been raised by granny but she grew up with her parents . Improbability makes for Heroine none the less and a whole lot of audience sucking it up as cause for black pride no doubt . In this way I think this film insults the intelligence . Let alone black people 's intelligence.Other wishful thinking is one of those beautiful black women mimicking white beauty aka Halley Berry -LRB- see Monster Ball -RRB- as the super special needs teacher . I just wish the movie industry would promote beautiful black women in their own right . I would have been over the moon if they 'd cast a Michele Obama look-a-like sort of in this role and additionally show us what a true strong black female can look like . It was a howler to see the teacher put her up in her very own home when Clarissa was homeless . Do n't yah all know these educated professionals treat these cases with tweezers when it comes to the distinction between private personal life versus public professional despite the empathy to chose it as a career . Any professional worth their salt does in any practice.I was also puzzled why her class-mates needed one on one . Seemed smart enough to me . Again an axiom that even if Clarissa did n't look smart she was and peers to prove it . Then again it defeats purpose of the class in first place.Abuse - it impairs cognitive mind so why is she a genius at maths ?? J Just say she 's artistic to process her pain is far more plausible . This film gets carried away with itself.Portrayal of the mother was good acting even though not being American makesme hazy about what the worst stereotype of a welfare queen is . Since it was a Danish production I wish they had been more sensitive that if the viewer is neither black nor/and from New York , sub-titles were needed since Clarissa had a tendency to mumble and the cinchers in many scenes were delivered fast off the cuff and therefore indeciferable . I had to back-track too often in order to follow this film comfortablyTop marks that Clarissa indicates towards end of the film that she does n't need to eat so much now she 's been redeemed and does not endorse the ` obesity is fun and beautiful ' denial expounded in the States . It was a surprise with role models like Aretha Franklin leading the way with a God given right to stuff her face because life is good -LRB- let alone food addiction because life is bad -RRB- . LLow marks that Granny cant continue to help out with child care so Clarissa can finish getting her education . Then she could get a well paid job as a nurse not a home health aid . True self love is getting it from her own self and not from a dependent ESPECIALLY since more money and less hours a treat for Kongo and Abdul X . But the super one on one teacher lets it slide and granny , that nice enough looking lady ` glimpsed earlier , and the only one who seems capable of genuine care , what happened to the granny ? Surely mongoloid kids can be more work . Its all very doubtful Clarissa will ever bother or be encouraged to finish GED.It made me wonder if this film is only masquarading as black pride but in fact made by a subversive coconut director .
 This was nothing like I thought it was and was very hard to follow and to understand the consept of the movie . I dont know if it was because I only watched it once or what ...
 I was a public health nurse . Yes , in fact , people do live this way , surprise surprise . Unfortunately this film inspires more racism than sympathy , my opinion only . I am not sure what the purpose of this movie was , but it was not entertaining . Also , too melodramatic , as others have said .
 So I saw Precious , again , last night with a group of friends . We all just laughed at it . A friend and I spent the two hours reenacting the `` Precious ! Precious ! '' scene from Silence of the Lambs . The exception was one girl who watched the movie cuddled up to her boyfriend in terror , inexpressibly disgusted at the torrent of despair porn the film inflicted on her . It was n't the reaction you 'd expect from a film that , to take a random critical blurb , is `` full of life and love , well-meaning and , judging by the reaction in the US , a genuine and important phenomenon that says act - do n't dwell - on your dreams . `` But it 's not surprising that bougie middle-class critics liked it . Precious is class warfare , naked and in-your-face class warfare , albeit of the patronizing liberal variety . To put it as simply as possible
 Yes , overrated crap . I give this one two stars on the strength of Monique 's performance . Many times we have seen this story of abused and underprivileged youth making good in the world , only those other films had a point . Technically , I 've seen better films shot on super 8mm . There was even one shot in the classroom where I saw the boom/microphone enter frame . And if I have to see that same trailer again , the one with Precious blubbering about how unloved she is , I 'm going to sue the studio .
 I recently watched the movie precious it was disgusting , vulgar , & grotesque I thought I was watching a ZOMBIEWEEN , but then forgot who was directing this monstrosity . Yeah it was Tyler Perry a.k.a. Madea & Oprah Winfrey all throughout this filth , is assault , abuse , unspeakable acts & if you are actually inspired by this movie , well see ya in court on tuesday or with a s.w.a.t. team at your house amigo
 Would not recommend this seller . Received an email that item was shipped but it never came despite 3 emails to them . Avoid this seller
 I found this movie both incredibly derivative and predictable . We have seen this program over and over and over again , on Oprah , Jerry Springer or on those so-called reality shows -LRB- did n't MTV and VH1 used to specialize in music ? -RRB- . Practically every black female author uses a variation of this plot line ad nauseum . This is less `` exposing '' reality than misandrist wish-fulfillment , which in its own way perpetuates racism by perpetuating stereotypes . The only difference between this movie -LRB- and novel -RRB- and a typical Springer show is that being obese , unattractive , uneducated like `` Precious '' can not `` always '' be explained by being the victim of a rapist father , uncle or brother -- or mother . Maybe the inner city environment is to blame , or maybe she has personality defects , or is n't interested in eating properly or the way she looks . Maybe she 's bored in school . Maybe she 's has violent tendencies herself . Maybe she just does n't care .
 I watched this movie for the first time last night and found it to be a very depressing movie . Yes Monique did a good job , but it was so depressing . I 'm very happy that she won an Oscar for best supporting actress in this film . Monique is a very talented Woman and did deserve to win an Oscar.The beginning was very boring . I would not recommend anyone to purchase this movie . Yes these things really happens in real life . This is a reality for a lot of people unfortunately , but I would not want to have this type of movie in my library . I am so happy I did not go to the movie theater to watch this movie .
 What an overated film . I had pretty high expectations about this one but was very disapointed . I did n't feel any empathy for Precious as she was wholy unlikeable . For a far superior film with a similar theme try `` Bastard out of Carolina `` I really hope that the Academy do n't feel the need to award this film anything , nothing special at all . Sorry to say as I 'm open to moving films but this one did n't move me an inch.And what an annoyingly pretentious title to plug the book .
 I have had time to digest Precious for a long time now . And I 've come to a conclusion
 **** THERE ARE SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW !!! *** The first thing you * must * understand about this film is that it is not based on a true story , as many think it is . Ramona Lofton , the woman who wrote `` Push '' , which is the book that the movie is based on , worked for many years as a teacher . While employed as an educator , many of her students were victims of incredible abuse , and many of them were in absolutely awful situations . She funneled all of the events that she became privy to from her students into a single character , namely Precious , which is why this fictional ... let me repeat , * fictional * character 's life seems so bleak.There are blatant depictions of rape and abuse in this movie that are so brutal and disgusting that it will turn your stomach . Yes , I know film is supposed to shock us into action , but it will only leave you mentally exhausted from enduring watching it . Also , if you are a survivor of sexual abuse yourself , this movie is not safe !! This movie depicts a situation so hopeless , so bleak , and so awful , that it will only push you away from wanting to have any contact with the less fortunate . It will leave you depressed , rather than inspired to do anything , which movies like this should really do.People need to understand that criticizing films like this does n't make you culturally or socially insensitive . I am certain that many of the five star reviews are written strictly out of guilt , or fear of being labeled `` elitist '' or , dare I say it , `` racist '' . This movie is terrible , it 's purpose is misguided , and the end result of this movie even existing produces nothing positive.And before you make any judgments or assumptions about me and my standpoint , I 've worked in the ghetto , I 've been face to face with people who have faced similar situations .
 What is redeemable about a movie whose main character is so completely abused ? What is to be learned from such a life , whose only outlet for survival is boring fantasies , followed by a child whose father is unmentionable ? Is the theme
 This movie should have a warning label !!!!! It hit to close to home for me and I was depressed and should not have watched it!But , All the actors was great !
 This movie was a total and utter waste of time and money . I have no clue why this movie has received so much attention or any awards for that matter . The acting was only so so -LRB- at best -RRB- and the plot was so over the top ! If I could give it less than one start I would ... maybe a half a start ... maybe
 Ewwwww , even Anna Nicole Smith Marshall would n't be excited about watching someone get sexually assaulted by her stepfather . Nasty . Maybe to some this was a `` Powerful '' movie but who did Oprah and Tyler Perry think this would appeal to ? Ed Gein ?
 do n't disturb the class!get back here with that chicken!teacher prefers chicks .
 Precious is a uneducated grotesquely Obese girl who is molested by both Parents . Her mom is a mean ignorant nasty woman . Ok movie nothing special . kind of just makes you sick to think that there are really people out there living this way .
 When a movie is entitled `` Precious
 Before I saw Lee Daniel 's `` Precious '' I perceived it as a poorly made exploitative racist film that perpetuates the worst stereotypes about black people . Six months later and eight dollars poorer after watching Lee Daniels ' `` Precious '' at a matinee , I still see the movie as a poorly made exploitative racist film that perpetuates the worst stereotypes about black people . Critics hail this movie as a masterpiece of film-making , I regard it as the most offensive film since Birth of a Nation.Adapted from the novel `` Push '' by Sapphire Precious is tells the story of Clarice `` Precious '' Jones , a morbidly obese sixteen-year old with a lot of issues . Stuck in the eighth grade reading at a second grade level , She 's pregnant for the second time by her father , a nameless man mixed among a montage of bacon grease and Vaseline . Kicked out of school , she 's sent home to her mother Mary , a foul-mouthed stereotypical Regan era welfare queen who only cares about making welfare money off her daughter and keeping her case open so she cans sit on her butt and watch TV all day.After getting knocked out by moms and in between a profanity laced argument between Mary and Precious we watch as the enthusiastic Principal -LRB- who was apathetic as she kicked Precious out of her wonderful public school -RRB- comes out in the rain -LRB- This does n't happen in real life . I went to public school in the 1980 's and no one came out to your house ; they just pushed you to the next grade regardless of your grades -RRB- to tell her about Each One , Teach One , an alternative school where she can get her GED . Oh Precious can get an education but just not in HER school . Do n't you just love the liberal hypocrisy!The next day -LRB- or a few weeks later ca n't really tell in this movie because the transitions are so choppy in this incoherent movie -RRB- Precious over her mother 's objections -LRB- she wants her to be a welfare queen like her -RRB- signs up for Each One Teach One , an alternative school full of colorful clich&eacute;d characters like Stand By Me , Welcome Back Kotter , Stand and Deliver , or whatever teen movie they were pulled from so she can work towards getting her GED . The class is led by Miss Blu Rain , an attractive light skinned woman and one of many light skinned/white saviors featured prominently in this movie . We 're also introduced to Ms. Weiss , a haggard welfare caseworker , another light/white savior . While getting ready for her first day at her new school , Precious sees herself as a skinny blonde white girl . -LRB- A pitiful attempt at symbolizing her self-hate -RRB- Shawn wanted to see about getting a refund for his movie ticket but did n't want drama . So he endured another hour and a half of nonsense , including a visual of Precious and Mom in a scene from an Italian movie she 's watching on PBS one night.As her fellow students help Precious on the road towards literacy , and a healthy pregnancy , Problems pile up on ol' perpetual victim Precious . In between fights , guys dissing her and tripping her up , Her mom yelling at her for not cooking the pig feet and Macaroni and cheese right , Mary and Precious and her grandmother try to pull a fast one on welfare case worker which makes home visits . There we meet Mongol , Precious ' daughter born with Down Syndrome that stays with her grandmother so she can keep the welfare duckets rolling in.But wait a minute there 's a BIG PLOTHOLE HERE . Would n't Mary want Precious to keep Mongol and take care of her herself instead of parceling her off to grammy ? SSI -LRB- Supplemental Security Income -RRB- paid $ 400 a month for kids with disabilities back then . And SSI checks -LRB- paid for by Social Security , a branch of the Federal government -RRB- do n't count towards income on welfare cases . Also , being a parent or guardian to kids with disabilities entitles parents -LRB- and relatives -RRB- to qualify for a Section 8 voucher -LRB- another federal program -RRB- and Section 8 housing . But Mary must be one of those illiterate Welfare queens who is SMART ENOUGH TO MANIPULATE CASE WORKERS for a STATE WELFARE CHECK but DOES N'T KNOW HOW TO MILK THE FEDERAL SYSTEM FOR SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS.Oh yeah , and welfare case workers did n't make home visits back then . I grew up on welfare back in the 80 's as a kid in New York City and Case workers NEVER came for home visits -LRB- TOO DANGEROUS -RRB- . Every visit to welfare offices in the 1980s was face-to-face at the HRA office -LRB- sat in many a waiting room during my childhood -RRB- . After the welfare mess is settled , the movie lightens up as precious steals some chicken , -LRB- Even though this would have been nigh impossible due to all the INCH THICK BULLETPROOF GLASS in eating establishments back then in the South Bronx and Harlem Plus customers placed their orders and paid FIRST . -RRB- Enjoying her snack , precious soon gets sick , and pukes , then off to class where the labor pains kick in . We meet Precious ' dream man and the Sweathogs rally behind their classmate for some happy times.After Abdul is born and Precious leaves the confines of the hospital and her light skinned dream man orderly , Mary welcomes her grandson home by slamming the baby to the floor and attacking Precious in a violent assault which climaxes with Mary throwing her color TV five stories down and missing her by an inch . Precious then breaks into Each one teach one with her baby and the movie starts falling apart . After a struggle with City services , -LRB- no help -RRB- Miss Rain allows the now homeless Precious to stay with her . It 's here that we find out Miss Rain 's a lesbian -LRB- not that this has any relevance to the plot , other than to reflect Sapphire 's and Mr. Daniels sexual orientation . -RRB- Big deal.Soon after Precious finds temporary shelter at a halfway house , we get some mumbo jumbo about workfare -LRB- which actually did n't start until 1988 -RRB- and home health aide training for a minimum wage job that could stop Precious from achieving her GED , but none of this is developed or explored . This all reaches a climax as Precious is told in the halfway house by her mother that her daddy has died of AIDS and she should get tested . Soon after that we learn Precious has HIV as well . It 's not soon after this that Precious reveals things to Miss Weiss -LRB- but not before stealing her case file , and reads what 's in it with her each one teach one buddies . -RRB- A few months later -LRB- Again , hard to tell due to the choppy transitions in this movie -RRB- in the social service office the empowered Precious who can now read and write at an eighth grade level has a confrontation with her mother where mom breaks down and confesses to all the abuse Precious has endured . Giving up once confronted by the White establishment , she hands her back Mongol and Precious goes off with her kids and we 're supposed to believe she has hope for a brighter future.I mean seriously WTF ? WHERE 'S THE HOPE ? HIV IN 1987 is a DEATH SENTENCE . AZT which was STILL IN CLINICAL TRIALS has n't been RELEASED TO THE PUBLIC YET . -LRB- It was released in 1990 for prescriptions -RRB- . THE DIVISION OF AIDS SERVICES IN NYC HAS N'T BEEN ESTABLISHED YET . In reality , due to the lack of financial resources , medical resources and medical technology back then , po ' Precious would have GOTTEN FULL BLOWN AIDS AND DIED in 1988 or 1989 and her kids would wind up WARDS OF THE STATE or BACK WITH MARY WHO WOULD HAVE MILKED THE HELL OUT OF THOSE KIDS DISABILITES TO GET AL THE GOOD GOVERNMENT BENEFITS . And the most Precious would have gotten for all her hard work was a patch on the AIDS QUILT if Miss Rain could arrange it . -LRB- Remember that patchwork of thousands of AIDS victims unfurled every year in DC ? It 's currently in storage somewhere at the Smithsonian while the AIDS pandemic continues to claim victims worldwide -RRB- Precious is n't a deep thought-provoking film . Director Lee Daniels uses exploitative images to deflect the viewer 's attention from shallow storytelling and weak character development . The viewer 's emotions are so caught up watching the graphic violence , profanity , sex , and twisted behavior of the characters that they have no idea they 've been swindled by a con artist.Precious is n't inspiring , nor does it uplift . It 's an emotionally manipulative film that secretly masks a shameless cash grab by a consortium of self-hating uncle toms -LRB- Daniels , Sapphire , Fletcher -RRB- who with the aid of Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry seek to pander to white America and sell them the story about black life they 're most comfortable with . This group of sell-outs laughed all the way to the bank at the expense of Black America ; thanks to this film adding to the current trend of degrading images , a generation of brothers and sisters are now going to grow up thinking the behavior in this movie is the rule for black life and not the exception.What 's even more dangerous than the twisted visuals within Precious are the institutionally racist themes in the undertones of the message in this movie . Underneath the false messages of love and hope , is a message that African-Americans are inferior . In Precious `` White '' is right ; Everyone who approves of Precious is either white or light skinned and without the validation and approval of these individuals she ca n't overcome the odds . Dark skinned black people are seen as inhuman , savage , and violent . They only speak in profanities and act like barbarians . Without the help of the white establishment -LRB- government services -RRB- to educate blacks there 's no way for Precious to become `` civilized '' functional person . Only when whites love and approve of Precious her can she learn to love herself . What a load of CRAP.Director Lee Daniels takes his self-hate to a new level of depravity surpassing the degrading images he presented to the public in Monster 's Ball . In between his clumsy and inept visuals we have the same old racist stereotypes from the Antebellum South repackaged in a brand new box . We have the big illiterate who must be saved by the great white society , the fat welfare queen mammy who only speaks in a dialect of profanities , the anonymous faceless black male who is depicted as a monster but never developed as a full character , the nappy headed child who follows Precious around , and the light skinned and white heroes who teach our hero to love herself . Ideas about what black life should be like straight from the Ku Klux Klan from a black man more dangerous to African-Americans than the KKK , Skinheads , and the Aryan Nation combined . Seriously , if Daniels could get $ 60 million in ticket sales out of brothers and sisters and has the influence to win international acclaim for this patronizing , self-hating , anti-black propaganda , I shudder at what else he could be capable of.What angers me more than this movie is what transpired behind the camera . Behind the scenes , Mr. Daniels showed a lack of integrity in promoting this film . Knowing that Precious would have African-Americans seen in a negative light , he still released it at Cannes anyway as a `` story of hope '' . That shows malice of forethought and a depraved indifference to his brothers and sisters in the black community . I truly loathe this man and everything that he stands for . With every film he makes he sets the African-American community back a century . It does n't matter that he 's hurt the future of the black community with his movies , he 's got his millions right now.There 's nothing `` Precious '' about this movie . It 's pornography masquerading as art.Anyone with an iota of black pride should avoid this movie and any other Lee Daniels films . They 're TOXIC .
 very painful life very hard to watch ... abuse is too much to take in as a flick ... . gave me uneasy nightmares for a couple days ... just too intense for a sensitive soul . DO NOT let any children see this . it is that intense . was there any abuse not depicted in here ? Think it covered it all . language was all F bombs and other sleazy words . had a good message but I would rather read about it in the news not see it up front and in person . Just too difficult to watch for entertainment . Brilliant cast and all that ... . but too harsh for me thank you . Intensely disturbing ! just my thoughts .
 I will give the director of this movie credit for being willing to show such ugly , intense , abuse on screen and not gloss over it . However , I think there was too much profanity . Also , the main thing that bothered me is that I do n't feel Precious was properly protected . I mean she told the social worker about some stuff going on in her house and her mom finds out and gets mad which is why they get in a fight . Tell me why is she still living there when she tells a social worker she has a kid by her dad ? Also in the end the social worker just gets up and leaves after talking to Precious ' mom . I 'm thinking to myself why is n't CPS doing their job ? Why was n't she put in a better home sooner?Also , I do n't really feel like Precious ' character exhibited much of the characteristics of someone going through that much abuse . Aside from the part where she broke down about having HIV , I expected more emotional portrayal from someone with a mother like that who is also the victim of repeated incest
 After having read the book Push by Sapphire , and then watching this movie -LRB- which was supposed to be based upon the book -RRB- I wondered `` IF '' they had actually read the book !! I can not see where all the acclaim for this movie was based . It was as if the movie and book were not really even related.All whoop and no substance .
 It 's a stormy night , and one last plane gets away from a London airport , to head out across the Atlantic with only a few passengers on board . However , it proves to be an unfortunate mix when things start to go wrong , people start to go missing and blood starts to flow ... could the mysterious Chinese vase in the hold be anything to do with it?Ok , so there are two main problems here . Credibility , and budget . When we see the air traffic control centre in the airport , we know there 's a problem , with its tiny room and sets all but looking like they will wobble if you lean on them . When a busy London airport is closing down and there are n't hundreds of passengers trying to find somewhere to sleep until their flight can leave , or lining up at airline customer support desks , but only the few people getting on this plane and no-one else , we know there is a problem . Indeed , even the look of the film feels ` made for TV ' - ish . Even the stars of the movie are actors who are not exactly at their peak - Mark Hamill has a terrific reputation as voice over artist , but when was the last starring role you saw him in that was n't Star Wars . . ? And it 's a shock to see Julian Glover delivering hammy exposition . . `` well , I always thought it was a legend , but the story goes that . . '' etc. . And the effects - there 's not many , but when they do appear they 're pretty underwhelming . Slightly glowing eyes is not enough to spark terror somehow.It 's a relatively novel idea and I wanted to like it , a good claustrophobic thriller with supernatural element . I relished the build up , and overlooked the absurdity of it and the budget feel , feeling sure the story would suck me in - there are , after all , some decent actors here and it 's only on screen for 78 minutes so theoretically should hardly outstay its welcome . Alas , with no support from the scriptwriters or effect artists the actors just do n't have enough to chew on . There are some minor surprises along the way , but nothing so notable as to keep your attention from drifting . There is certainly blood , and plenty of it , and you can feel the director trying his hardest to wring some tension out of some scenes to build up to a decent jump ... but he does n't quite pull it off.It 's not exactly that it 's an embarrassing effort for anyone involved , but as a thriller or as a supernatural movie , sorry , it just wo n't fly .
 Why the **** do our main characters die in movies ? This reminds of me Paranormal Activity -LRB- in the regards that despite the trials of our main characters , they die -RRB- WHAT ?!?! Is that how this movie ends ???? WTF!Basically the plane with all its passengers -LRB- or whats left of those alive -RRB- crash into the ocean ! What the f *** kind of ending is that ??? Moreover , boring all the way through . It started off good , and the horror music kept you going . But it just leads to dissappointment.One word to descibe this movie
 The passengers of flight ATL626 are in for some turbulence when several people go missing aboard the plane . Things heat up when the hijackers reveal themselves to the crowd , but no one could expect the dark forces that are truly at work at 30,000 feet ! Least of all , the viewer . AIRBORNE sets itself up as a murder mystery involving international terrorists in order to deceive the audience while building towards the major plot twist that occurs midway through the flight . The problem is , the twist is so ridiculous and unfathomable that the film immediately loses all appeal . The supernatural elements at work serve no purpose being aboard the plane , making the setting completely irrelevant . As the passengers struggle in the air , a group of traffic controllers battle a secretive military operation on the ground , but considering that these characters have absolutely no impact on the outcome of the flight , they become entirely unnecessary and a waste of screen time . In addition , we are left with no identifiable heroes , but rather a range of cardboard characters for whom we care nothing . The excitement and suspense never get off the ground in this confused thriller.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 i fell a sleep on this movie . did not keep my intrest at all . very slow and to the point .
 Apart from some impressive scenery and a nifty train-wreck climax , Clint Eastwood 's `` Joe Kidd '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is an uninspired , dreary affair that resembles a made-for-TV movie . Director John Sturges simply goes through the motions and a fine supporting cast -LRB- including Robert Duvall and John Saxon -RRB- is wasted . Judging by the film 's lackluster quality , it 's easy to see why Eastwood directed his remaining Westerns .
 This review is for the DVD , not the movie Joe Kidd.I first saw this movie earlier this year on ThisTV network which is why I bought the DVD . This seems to be the same version , but in wide screen.The video in TV version is better . This DVD is a poor transfer , so poor I looked closely at it to make sure it was n't pirated . There was even a thread sticking up in the first part just like what you see with an inattentive projectionist . It gave me the impression this was video taped from a theater release.I think the studio did the minimum necessary to make this DVD release.There are a lot of compression artifacts and the picture is n't that sharp . It 's not that much better than a VHS release except it 's in widescreen.I ca n't comment on any missing scenes since I 've only seen this on TV.I recommend getting the Clint Eastwood Western Icon Collection instead.Clint Eastwood Western Icon Collection -LRB- High Plains Drifter / Joe Kidd / Two Mules For Sister Sara -RRB- It has a much better transfer of Joe Kidd plus includes two other very good movies .
 In between acting in Don Siegel 's classic DIRTY HARRY and directing the stunning HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER , Eastwood performed in the boring and bland JOE KIDD . Director John Sturges , who had once helmed such classic action pictures as BAD DAY AT BLACK ROCK and THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN , appears not to have cared one bit about the film and directs sluggishly . Even the action scenes , what few there are , drag . Eastwood 's character is a pale version of `` The Man With No Name '' ; he goes through the motions of the legendary persona , but without the mystique . The picture has some pretty location photography , and the climatic set-piece of a train crashing through a saloon is quite clever -LRB- although completely out of place -RRB- but ohterwise , JOE KIDD is a snore . Clint completist only need apply -- the appeal of a DVD edition may make them fork over the cash , but it 'll probably collect dust on the shelf .
 Clint Eastwood rarely stars in a bad movie , but that 's not to say this is bad , it just falls a bit flat . A good cast , including a deliciously villainous Robert Duvall unfortunately fail to lift this picture above mediocrity . Add to this , it 's relatively short running time -LRB- just under 90 minutes -RRB- , fans of the genre , and Clint -LRB- who have been spoiled by great movies before -RRB- will feel a little let down . It 's probably fair to say that a lesser known cast , and director would n't even have got this movie off the cutting room floor . All this said , any Clint collector will probably want it in his/her collection , and the usual amount of dry humor , and Eastwoodesque rationality does make this watchable , if not that memorable .
 Despite a cast headed by Clint Eastwood and Robert Duvall , and the presence of John Sturges -LRB- `` Bad Day at Black Rock , '' `` The Great Escape '' -RRB- behind the camera , `` Joe Kidd '' is almost instantly forgettable . The first fifteen minutes show promise , suggesting that this might be another offbeat Eastwood western , but it soon dissipates into boredom and predictability with the accent on the former . A major disappointment -LRB- especially coming only months after the release of `` Dirty Harry '' -RRB- and one of Eastwood 's worst films .
 I was n't a fan of the original Lost In Space television show , but the movie looked descent . I was dead wrong . The film , written by the writer of Batman and Robin , is one of the worst I 've personally ever heard . Not only that , the acting was poor , Gary Oldman is great actor but this is one of his worst performances . I seriously recommend avoiding this film !
 Since I never expected a whole lot out of JOE KIDD , I was n't really disappointed . I was expecting a standard , light western , nothing more ... . and that 's exactly what I got . JOE KIDD is about a guy named Joe Kidd -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- , who gets involved with a posse led by a rich land baron named Harlan -LRB- Robert Duvall -RRB- . He 's after the Hispanic revolutionary wannabe Luis Chama , who 's causing a lot of trouble and stirring up the Spanish populace . And that 's about it . Like I said , nothin ' at all to get excited about , but Clint 's mere presence can make a movie worth while . Unfortunately -LRB- and obviously -RRB- , he 's the highlight of the film , as the rest of the cast is just passing . Not even the great Robert Duvall seems to be interested in the picture , but who can blame him ? Actually , the story has -LRB- or had -RRB- potential ; it covers -LRB- or tries to -RRB- a lot of ground about loyalty , right vs. wrong , and it even raises the question of `` What IS right ? '' . But none of this is ever brought up to its full potential , and if it had , this may have been a truly great western . But alas , it is not so . All this is even more disappointing from the fact that this is a John Sturges film . This is the same man who helmed such masterpieces as THE GREAT ESCAPE and THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN !?! Surprising , and utterly devastating . Not to say that JOE KIDD is a necessarily BAD film , far from it ! It just is n't GREAT . And I should n't complain much , I guess ; what the hell could you expect from a running time of 1 Hr . 28 Mins . ? This is about thirty minutes short of what all westerns should be . But I must admit , the main theme present during the opening and closing credits is pretty cool!Along with the HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER re-release , all that has changed in this DVD is the cover and disc art . All there is for special features are production notes , cast and filmmakers ' bios , and a theatrical trailer . Heck , even the production notes make the film sound tired ! And the transfer ai n't all that great , but it gets better as the film goes along . But the whole reason I lowered my rating down to two stars instead of three , is the fact that a certain scene -LRB- one of the best in the entire film -RRB- has been completely eliminated from the film ! In it , more of the morality touches are discussed and brought into light . As well , it is this scene where Joe Kidd admits his love for Helen , a crucial element to the movie 's impact ! It 's a short scene , but it remains one of the most impactful in the entire movie . I just watched it on AMC , and that scene was right there , playing out in front of me ! This really ticks me off , the fact that along with miniscule extras and an average transfer , I ca n't even watch the complete film !!! Only worth buying if you 're a big Eastwood fan/collector . For -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- ... , I guess it ai n't a big loss .
 The other reviews that mention the missing scenes in the movie are right on the money . Key scenes are missing , and until they release a version that has the whole movie , I recommend staying away from this on DVD .
 Joe Kidd is not one of my favorite Eastern westerners -LRB- and Eastwood is my favorite , hands down , when it comes to films , and the Western is my favorite genre -RRB- , but it does feature a good performance by Robert Duvall as the heavy . Clint 's character is a little too reigned in in this one for my taste , until at the end he runs a steam engine through the town in order to extract some vengeance from Duvall 's baddie.A good supporting cast -LRB- as is typical in an Eastwood flick -RRB- , also featuring John Saxon and Don Stroud .
 I , too , am disappointed they excluded the most important parts to this movie/storyline , Joe Kidd 's growing suspicion he 's signed on with the devil , as in the missing supper shots in the mountain cabin , and again with his romantic interest with Helen Sanchez , and her growing resentment with Luis Chama , as expressed in the copse of trees AFTER he disappoints her on the mountain . This causes major discontinuities . With plenty of room left on this DVD , it should have been easily retained . This print looks like it came out of the cuts they made for late night TV where they would fill two hour time slots with a minimum of 30 minutes of commercials , and any movie over one and a half hours would be trimmed at the engineers will . Too bad they could n't find the original ... or is that going to come on the `` Platinum Collection '' ...
 A suspense thriller ? Really ? Teletubbies has more chills . And apparently the ` based on a true story ' tag line refers to the fact that there was , indeed , an artist named Caravaggio . Shocking . Everything else in this flabby snoozer is the invention of a screenwriter who probably had more tattoos than teeth . The film is boring beyond belief , gross , cliche-ridden , poorly acted and excruciatingly dull . The indoor scenes are so poorly lighted , you can hardly see what 's going on , much of the dialogue is mumbled , and the film moves so slowly in several sections I was n't checking my watch , I was checking the calendar to see if it was still today . I want a tee shirt , Amazon , that says `` I rented a Virgin and got screwed '' .
 Forgive me for thinking that Tom Conti was going to play the part of a dull and unambitious but kind husband . Instead he played it as a bumbling , stuttering , cuckolded fool . It is n't the character that I object to ; it 's the way Conti played it that is irritating . Francesca Annis held her own , to be sure , but it 's because of Conti 's ridiculous portrayal of Monsieur Bovary that I could only give this mini-series a 1 star rating . It 's difficult to feel anything but contempt for Madame Bovary but it 's because of the character and not Annis ' acting . I 'd avoid this one and find another dvd that tells the story . It ca n't be any worse than this one .
 The chase scene right at the beginning was enough to tell me this movie was not up the being a good Bond movie . Die Another Day was pretty bad , but this ... Okay , I could accept Daniel Craig as James Bond . He was not the problem here . The problem was that this looked more like a 1970 's Chuck Norris movie than a James Bond movie . -LRB- I loved Chuck Norris and his movies by the way -RRB- . This movie was about money . No supervillains ... Just money . And can anyone really believe that the British government in a effort to thwart the bad guys would come up with a plan like this one ? Lets stake our best poker player to a few million and hope he wins . No . Also , as I recall in earlier Bond films , -LRB- Goldfinger , I think -RRB- 007 was given him his Aston-Martin by Q . He had n't won it in a poker game . Bond and action go together , but the climbing up the cranes and the jumping from crane to crane was way over the top . Also , when Bond swerves his car to avoid hitting the girl in the road ... Maybe the most ridiculous looking bit of fakery in recent big budget movie history . I did kind of like the collapsing building in Venice though I must admit . I gave this 2 stars only because it was James Bond and the closing theme was worth replaying . James Bond needs to be more sauve ... That 's the appeal of the franchise . Where was the wit ? Oh , I 'm sorry , the line about that last hand almost killing me was it . I am willing to give Daniel Craig another chance . Let 's just hope they come up with a better script . If they do n't ... Hey , Forced Vengeance with Chuck Norris is all the action I need ... And he wears the suits well too .
 There are a couple of good elements in this movie
 This DVD wo n't play properly in my Samsung HD-841 DVD player . It freezes up at several points . I would avoid buying it until they fix the problem .
 I would probably give it 4 stars just based on the movie alone , but the dvd sucks.It is nothing like the old MGM Bond dvd 's , there are no commentaries , you pop the disc in and it starts playing ... commercials ... who made this , Disney ? I do n't want to sit through ten minutes of commercials , I hate that above all else . I know you can FF through them , but that 's not the point . It ruins the feel that the old dvd 's had . Why did n't they let the disc start up with the old `` Activate '' screen like the other Bond dvd 's did ? It all looked so Bondish , the activate screen and then the menus , playing Bond music in the background and scenes from the movies . Here we get commercials with CR , it sux , and yes , it IS that big a deal to me . I love my Bond movies .
 I 'm a hugh fan of 007 and have seen every movie , and I am very disappointed in this movie . No Q , no Moneypenny , no gadgets , no interesting villian , no real plot , HORRIBLE SOPRANOS TYPE ENDING !!! Sorry , but Craig does n't do Bond well . And what 's with the casino where NO ONE SMOKES ? Enough of this politically correct Bond !!!
 Casino Royale was one of the better James Bond novels . This movie is no where near as good a story.The acting is fine , but there is little cohesion in the movie . Even at this early date of seeing the DVD , I ca n't find any memorable scene to re-visit .
 I did n't see this in the theater and I couldnt wait for it to hit DVD so I could watch it at home . Once again , Sony has changed something and rendered the movie useless . If you have a high end DVD player , you may not be able to play Disc one . We have a Denon and a Mitsubishi and the disc will not play on them . Plays great on our $ 80 portable with 7 '' screen though ! : P
 Now I must first say that going into this movie I had an open mind ; I knew it would n't be like classic Bond movies of the past and was ready for a new experience . Unfortunately , Martin Campbell -LRB- Director -RRB- lost me from the first scene and from that point it was a continuous struggle to figure out what the hell was going on ... Above all , the plot was incredibly weak . The fact that Texas Hold 'Em Poker made it into the newest Bond movie is disturbing and hints that our society is full of a bunch of imbeciles . Let 's be honest , this movie did n't target the aristocracy of our fine country . I am just mildly disappointed that the writers decided to cater to the average American . How many more movies need to be made for `` The Others '' -LRB- average Americans -RRB- . They already have Turistas to watch , why do they need to now ruin the Bond series so that ignorant people can watch the movie . On a sidenote , when I saw the movie in theatres , the LCD -LRB- Lowest Common Denominator - of people -RRB- did n't even watch the movie . They were simply too busy discussing hoop earings , Daddy Yankee , and I even saw one LCD attempting to do tha Soulja Boy in the middle of the theatre . I am now uncertain as to whether I can ever return to the theatre again ... It is going to be alright though , they will work for me one day !
 This is a really great Bond movie . However , this DVD is playable but the sound track is wierd . It fades in and out and surround is inaudible . I have all sony equipment but I am very dissapointed in the quality of this disc 's poor sound track to say the least . See it in the theater but do n't buy the dvd . It does not play well.Other reviews point out some technical reasons why this may be happening , I am not so savy , but if the negative reviews are correct I may never buy a sony product again .
 After 2 attempts to watch this installment of the new James Bond movie , I had to shut it off . 45 minutes into the film and I still do n't know the plot . I was unable to figure out if Bond was on a new mission and if he was , what was it ? Who are the villains and what did they do ? Very poor plot and character development . Granted , the first chase scene between Bond and whoever that guy with the knapsack was , did hold my attention . The standard Bond scene at the card table was horrible and the seduction of the bad guys wife was laughable . This guy could n't shine Sean Connery 's shoes . Pierce Brosnan was better.My 2 stars for this film is based on the action stunts .
 The WORST ever of the series.Everything is not Bond as Ian wished him to be , as well as the screenplay .
 I have always been a huge fan of the James Bond movies , and have all the DVDs in my collection . This will be the first `` James Bond '' film that I will never own . If you 're a traditional 007 fan like me you will hate it.They have destroyed everything that made James Bond the popular movie hero that he was . Daniel Craig is James Bond with a license to bore . Instead of the tall , dark , and handsome , suave and debonair naval officer who became a secret agent we have what appears to be a short blonde homely arrogant thug that would have been better cast as a villain 's dumb bodyguard.Everything that made James Bond the popular movie hero is gone . Gone are the cool gadgets , the super villains , the charisma and charm , the clever one liners that convey character , the awesome music themes , the great seducer of all those Bond girls , the brilliant secret agent that hadextensive knowledge on nearly everything , and who was always cool and unflappable in the face of danger . That James Bond is dead . The James Bond films that were great fun escapism , are now replaced with a somber , depressing , brooding and dark version.No Miss Moneypenny , no Q , the only person they kept is the one they should have gotten rid of , Judi Dench as that obnoxious feminist , M , who somehow must have traveled through time to go back to what is supposed to be Bond 's first mission.Martini shaken , not stirred ? When a barman asks the new Bond whether he 'll take his martini shaken or stirred , Craig snaps `` Do I look like I give a da * n ? '' Apparently the producers , Broccoli & Wilson , feel the sameway , because they have killed the James Bond loved by millions and replaced him with what comes across as a classless , bumbling , sadistic psycho , who goes by the same name .
 This is the Worst Bond movie ever . Bond just received his license to kill , which means he is in his early career year . But the storyline is after 911 . Which means this movie 's timeline does not match with other Bonds movies.Worst of all , all his moves are predictable.Don ' t buy the movie . Rent one and you will be tired of it after one watch .
 Okay , there 's a current trend right now to do prequels and reimagine old standards . Excellent examples of this working are the New Battlestar Galactica Series and Batman Begins . However , Casino Royale is what happens when you attempt to force this and you end up with a product that 's neither true to the standing mythos nor compelling enough to make the departure worth while.To list every departure from the mythos might come close to being a spolier , so I will only list a few . Although how you `` spoil '' something so half-baked I have no idea.Here Bond is not suave.There is no Q and the gadgets are anything but Bond quality.The villians lack those quinessential conspicious characteristcs that have made them so important in the past.The `` now-I 've - got-you-Mr . - Bond '' torture is not `` creative '' in the Bond fashion , but rather like something that Quenton Tarintino would have thought up on a bad day . Actually , that 's not fair to Tartintino . The torture shown is something a Tarintino wanna-be would have thought up on a bad day.Plus , there is a plot hole large enough to drive a semi convoy through , turn around in and drive back.In fact , there is only one scene that gives that `` How Bond Began Feeling '' and consists of a simple moment with just Daniel Craig and a mirror . This is the only reason that I think that maybe , just maybe , Daniel Craig can pull Bond off in the future with a script worth putting on the screen.All in all , this film feels as if someone tried to make James Bond grittier , realized it was n't really a Bond film anymore and tried to cover it up saying , `` That 's okay . We 'll just make a prequel . '' Well it did n't work .
 Horrible movie-don ' t waste your money.Bond chases the guy through a construction site with everyone watching but when they are running through the site at the end noone notices them.Seems like someone who have called the cops with all of the shooting and ruckus going on.Of course they jump from obstacle to obstacle which would have killed the normal person.Then after Bond is surronded by an army of men with guns he somehow is able to escape.It 's like the script was written by a 5th grader . `` Let 's have all kind of cool stuff that does n't make sense . `` If you are a true bond fan of the James Bond classics then this movies will disappoint-big time .
 I did n't see it in the theater because the trailer did n't impress me . I read many a glowing review of this film and thought perhaps it would be worth my time . Every James Bond film that Pierce Brosnan was involved with was crap , so I was extremely skeptical . Well , this ... reinvention of the series ... is no different . It 's not Daniel Craig 's fault though . He has potential , if they would give him a character to play instead of a cardboard cut-out . I could tell from the very first moments of this film that it sucked , and it never got any better . Did the whole world suddenly accept B-movies as the standard ? Martin Campbell has never directed a good movie in his life and this is no exception . Why let him on ? He sucks ! He ruined a good script ! Who thought he could do it in the first place ?! As far as I 'm concerned , this is no James Bond movie . It feels more like one of those opening skits of an MTV movie awards , but instead of trying to be humorous , it is without trying . I feel sorry for anyone who thinks this is good . It 's far from it . Ian Fleming would be pissed .
 I did not read the movie promo so paid for something I had not seen or would likeI do not like james bond movieschfancier
 I 'm a huge Bond fan -LRB- owning all the movies on DVD and a good percentage on VHS as well as having read several of the books -RRB- and I just feel that this Bond did not fit the bill . There are several reasons :1 -RRB- Daniel Craig was neither suave nor debonair . Nor was he subtle either in humor or in killing . These are all characteristics that Bonds have always had .2 -RRB- Also Daniel Craig did not fit the physical specifications of a Bond . Namely he broke the long standing tradition of James Bond being a hairy dude . This is most notably mentioned in `` You Only Live Twice . `` 3 -RRB- He changes his signature drink ... `` Martini shaken not stirred `` 4 -RRB- The continuity sucked.a -RRB- Sure there is no timeline in Bond but this movie proposes to set one up . It 's supposed to be the first and therefore the use of computers , cell phones and modern vehicles really ruined it . I understand the hope to use Craig in more than one movie but this one should have been set in the past while others could be set in present time.b -RRB- They say that the Cold War is over however it is quite obviously going on , what I guess now is , later on in the series.c -RRB- They use Judi Dench as ` M ' when she is said to be the original M 's replacement in `` Goldeneye '' how can she be both the original and the replacement ? 5 -RRB- No `` Q '' branch .6 -RRB- No hot girls in the `` theme song '' sequenceCraig just is n't that dynamic of an actor and I feel he has trumped even Lazenby as worst Bond . While Craig is still British he does n't have a very thick accent , something I 'd like to have seen , and he acts more like an American Rambo than a British MI6 agent.I feel like my only recourse in this is that it was released by Sony Pictures rather than MGM . This allows me to pretend it was n't a real Bond film just like that other mistake `` Never Say Never Again . ''
 The Blu-ray version does not have subtitles , unlike the DVD version which does . A lot of the charm is in the dialog , which can be unintelligble . I give the DVD version 5 stars .
 Somewhere , for some reason , someone at Sony thought it would be a great idea to add some sort of new copy protection to some of their DVDs . Unfortunately , in doing so , these DVDs will NOT play on many older models of DVD player . I have an older Toshiba player which does not recognize this DVD . Sony 's solution of `` just buy a new player '' is completely unacceptable.I 've heard the movie is very well done , but it does not appear I 'll be seeing it any time soon . -LRB- 1 Star for Sony 's idiocy , not for the movie . -RRB-
 It 's hard to give a movie a bad review when there are certain elements of it that you genuinely like and admire , but Casino Royale is just plain asking for it . Yes , Daniel Craig does an excellent job portraying a darker , grittier , more cynical James Bond that we 're used to . And yes , the first half of the movie is entertaining -LRB- if you 'll suspend your disbelief during the truly absurd chase scene at the beginning -RRB- . But then , things rapidly fall apart.How many movies have we seen now in which the hero 's only recourse is to engage his arch-nemesis in a pulse-pounding ... er , poker game ? And how many times are we going to be handed a villain who is supposed to be a poker-master , yet displays incredibly obvious `` tells '' -LRB- aka physical giveaways of the kind of hand he or she is holding -RRB- ? And as for the last twenty minutes of this movie , to call them predictable would be , well , predictable . The problem is that the movie-makers simply do n't understand their own character . Suddenly , they change gears and make Craig 's raw , gritty , cynical Bond behave like a lovesick teenager . Which ends exactly how you 'd expect it to end.Oh , and one more thing ... I 'm pretty sure Bond 's cell phone should have been listed as a character in the movie , since an absurd amount of time is spent showing close-ups of who Bond is calling , who Bond is texting , etc. . I do n't care if the hero is texting Jesus Christ or Satan ; it 's absolutely impossible for text-messaging to be dramatic !
 No longer suave , no longer sophisticated.Would have been a good movie if it had n't been labelled as Bond
 This film features Judi Dench and I love her . She is one of those British actors who conceal their enormous skill -LRB- clarity of speech , mimic , postures -RRB- under a deceptive ease . When acting Shakespeare they can be operatic but when they play `` normal '' characters they appear real , everyday . But try and ask a lesser professional to play an everyday part and you shall see the difference.Daniel Craig is not such a novelty . I loved Timothy Dalton and he was a very physical Bond as well . I am not saying that Mr Craig is a miscast
 Being a huge Bond fan , I highly anticipated watching Casino Royale and I 'm sad to say , I was completely disappointed . The storyline was very fractured , Daniel Craig was not believeable as Bond and at the end of the movie I found myself sayin `` huh ? '' I understand Casion Royale is the first Bond book and this movie introduces Bond to the world and Bond is learning his way , still I do n't think the story was told very well . While there are a couple of exciting chase scenes , I think the time spent on the chase scenes may have taken away from Bond 's character development . Even at 2 hours 22 minutes , the story felt half-told . Eventhough I am disappointed with Casino Royale , if you are a Bond fan , it is a `` must-have '' for your collection . Maybe it will be one of those movies that grows on me after I have seen it a couple of times , I hope so .
 Wow , here 's possibly the worst Bond movie ever made and it 's a huge hit ... something is really wrong here.On the plus side - `` the new guy '' carries himself well and moves well in the action scenes . In fact he even carries a bad script relatively well . And the first 15 minutes or so have some amazing action , with fluid movement and breath-taking stunts , making it easily the best part of the movie . So I can readily accept him in the role of everyone 's favorite spy.BUT - the movie is inconsistent -LRB- especially as far as the other films go -RRB- , has about 6 major plot holes , is ENTIRELY predictable and to be blunt , it just does n't have the refinement of the others in the franchise . I know this is supposed to be a `` reimagining '' or what have you , but here 's the problem - there are more Bond movies than any other character in history , so clearly the series was n't really suffering so badly that it needed revamping in the first place . In the second , one of the things that always made Bond interesting was that he is a distinguished ladies man , a gentleman spy if you will . Here he is written like every other run of the mill spy on celluloid . For a minute I thought I watching one of the Bourne movies . There are no gadgets , no Q , no sly witticisms -LRB- at least none that really work -RRB- and Bond has none of the qualities that make him the classic character he is . Here he becomes a clone of the latest successful actioners , and despite the weak `` prequel '' premise , he is simply not remotely related to James Bond . My wife and I were bored silly . On top of that , IF this is supposed to be happening prior to any of the other movies , then the timelines , technologies and characters are so inconsistent that the whole thing falls apart . I for one am tired of movie makers trying to reinvent the wheel with the most succesful franchises in the industry and destroying my favorite characters in the process . If they want to redo a movie then let them take something completely and utterly insipid like Boogey Man and reinvent that.Call me a purist if you want to , but frankly when something works - do n't fix it ya know ? I think we need to hold movie makers up to higher standards because otherwise they will keep rehashing good movies and continue to fail at coming up with anything original , so I do n't think having higher standards is a bad thing . Whatever . Regardless , when watched with an objective eye , this movie fails in every way that counts . If this were a new character , I may have enjoyed it more . But when you try and add your efforts to a legacy like this one , you 'd better be able to deliver more than this predictable and obvious tripe . Not the worst movie ever , but a very sad addition to the Bond series .
 First copy sent skipped . Replacement copy you sent also skipped , but not as badly .
 First time I have tried Amazon videos ; would not download at all . I later found out from other family members , the same was true for them .
 The new Bond stinks . My first issue , we have a bond before he was a 007 , yet he 's in 2006 with a modern Aston Martin , modern Omega , and todays cash ? M was taken over by Judy Dench with the coming of Brosnan , yet all of a sudden we just stuck her in a pre-Connery role ? This makes no sense.There is no Q , no gadgets , no Money Penny , no whit , no sexual inneuendos , and terrible acting . All this guys got is either sad puppy dog eyes or a blank stare that is supposed to be intimidating . Half of the movie is either watching him run or watching him play cards , neither of which is very appealing or interesting . I did n't get to know his girl either , which makes it hard to care about her . I 'm truly sad to see the death of all that is Bond .
 I have to say that I was totally disappointed with this movie . I have been a James Bond fan since they first came out and even though they are a bit on the hard to believe side they were entertaining . I found this James Bond movie to be very dry and slow . I had a hard time sitting and watching the whole thing . It had a couple of scenes that showed promise -LRB- which is why the two stars -RRB- but once you enjoyed them you were returned to a hum-drum movie . I would have felt over charged to have payed $ 5.00 for this movie , let alone what they are charging . My advice is save your money and if you do n't have all the old Bonds get one of them instead .
 Finally , political correctness caught up with James Bond , something which was always sure to spell disaster for the whole Bond concept . Bond 's long history of womanizing -LRB- although the ` manizing ' of the many Bond girls is deemed acceptable in the hypocrisy of political correctness , Hollywood-style -RRB- was finally punished in this film , with amongst other things , a flogging on the genitals , to the delight of many it seems . Previous Bonds had broken every rule in the book of today 's gender rules for films , especially the rule that a woman must always get the comeuppance over a man . If a man uses a woman , he must somehow be punished at the end of the film . If a woman uses a man , there must be a good reason for her doing it , and it 's probably because he 's a bastard . Bond broke this golden rule for nearly 4 decades , and now poor old Daniel Craig -LRB- who plays his role as well as could be done considering the script he had to accept -RRB- is paying for this with genital floggings and other humiliations no other Bond would have dreamed of accepting . This is NOT Bond . It 's just the typical , routine modern action film , politically-corrected to match today 's bogus gender ideology , and can only really be enjoyed by certain kinds of women and emasculated men , the type who 've unconsciously accepted psychological castration . This would be perfectly OK if we also saw films of Charlie 's Angels , for example , getting floggings on their genitals , as then men would know that Hollywood does promote real gender equality . But the fact that that is extremely unlikely to happen demonstrates just how ruinous bogus ideologies can be to film production , the creation of art in general , as well as relations of true equality between the genders .
 I 've just finished watching this movie , and I rate this 2 out of 5 stars . This has got to be one of the worst James Bond movies that I 've seen . The script for this movie was absolutely way off from the James Bond movies that we 've been accustomed to . What happened to the exciting beginning , the fascinating gadgets , and the unique cars usually associated with Bond movies ? The writers , producer , and director made this James Bond seemed less experienced than the previous James Bonds - more trusting and just a little bit gullible . What happened to the self assured and confident James Bond ? The writers , producer , and director all need to go back and review the old James Bond movies . Perhaps after they 've reviewed them , they can come up with a winner next time . The only good things going for this movie are the actors and the beautiful settings where some of the scenes were filmed .
 If you are looking for a exciting 007 movie , you will be very dissspointed . There is no action in movies but some stupid fights where Daniel Craig gets all beat up . Daniel is a fair actor but he is no way a James Bond , give me back Sean Connery , or even Roger Moore . Daniel Craig is NOT a convincing Bond , he even got rejected repeately by Evan Green -LRB- she is hot though -RRB- . The ultimate was Daniel Craig was caught by his nemesis , got his cloths all riped off and tied naked to a chair . Then got tortured with a rope hammer hitting his posterior . Give me a break , this is not James Bond . It is SO embarrasing seeing James Bond tied naked and tortured . I give up.The movie has more twist than a Hitchcock movie but no action . James Bond gambling movie ??? Come on , Bond never loses in a Casino.It deserves half a star for Evan Green being hot .
 This was the worst Bond movie we have ever watched . My husband loves 007 movies ; he almost fell asleep . I was so bored I felt physically ill and left the room . Boring ...
 Do n't even waste your time !! I love the other bond movies but this is terrible . . so boring and drawn out !!
 I LOVE Bond movies ... and I was also willing to give the new guy a chance . . but this movie is boring and mindless ! It 's not the new guys fault , it 's the story and lack of Bond like movie features -LRB- gadgets , etc -RRB- . The `` bad guy '' is also really lame ! Come on a leaky eye ?! Too bad . . hope the next one is more exciting and `` Bond like '' !!!!!!!
 AT THE RIGHT TIME ANYONE CAN BE HAD ! SORRY TO SAY , I HAVE BEEN HAD.ALL THE HYPE PERTAINING TO THE NEW BOND DVD SHOULD HAVE RAISED A RED FLAG , BUT I IGNORED IT.FIRST OF ALL , THE SPOKEN DIAGLOGUE WAS MAINLY BEYOND MY COMPREHENSION.I WAS ABLE WITH DEEP CONCENTRATION MAKE OUT BITS AND PIECES.PERHAPS I AM DENSE , BUT THE ENTIRE PLOT OF THE STORY LEFT ME IN LIMBO.SCRUTINIZING THE PACKAGE I NOTED SUB TITLES WHICH I HAD OVERLOOKED.TO JUSIFY MY INVESTMENT , I WILL GIVE IT ANOTHER GO UTILIZING THE SUB TITLE FEATURE.I DID NOT PLAY THE SECOND DISC AS IT HAD NO INTEREST FOR ME.NOW TO THE ACTORS
 A truly awful movie . Bond movies succeed when they have an elegant hero , with an understandable plot . This movie requires an understanding of stock market puts , which is hardly common knowledge . The heroine commits suicide for no apparent reason ; granted , often the Bond girl dies , but usually by murder , not by suicide . Mindless , extend violence scenes .
 I 'll admit I went into this movie a bit biased ; I had heard an interview with Pierce Brosnan where he said that the directors of Casino Royale had initially cast him in the Bond role , only to cut him halfway through and go with Daniel Craig . And as I am a huge Brosnan fan , I was very disappointed with the choice of Craig . I may be the only one to say this , but I just ca n't see Craig as Bond . I know the point was to get back to a more average-looking Bond , rather than a handsome Bond , and Craig is certainly not handsome to me!I nearly walked out partway through the movie because that 's how much I did n't like it . To me , it was a $ 7.50 waste . I would have been better off seeing The Departed again instead .
 The Broccoli 's , and now Sony , have been ruining this series since Goldfinger and now they have cast the worst possible choice to play Bond . Craig is so far removed from what Bond was meant to be it 's painful , but what does it matter ? Since 1964 these stories have not been true James Bond adventures , at least not what Ian Fleming had in mind . Now they cast the most ridiculous choice in Daniel Craig , a humorless , trailorpark thug -LRB- which he is good at and should stay -RRB- that looks absolutely ridiculous in a tuxedo and kissing the heroine . That 's Bond?The producers have finally put a stake in the coffin of this legendary hero and the sad United States box office take for this film reflects that -LRB- Casino failed to have as high attendance as Brosnan 's `` Die Another Day '' here in the States -RRB- Hopefully the studio will take this into consideration and bounce this sorry excuse for a spy out of here and try and finally do this series right -LRB- I 'm not holding my breath -RRB-
 This was a complete disappointment . The director reduced James Bond to a brutish oaf devoid of finess . The actor portraying Bond did not pull it off . I saw the original when it was first released , and this strayed entirely too far off mark .
 If you 're a fan of the 007 genre of movies - regardless of whether you liked Sean Connery or Pierce Brosnan better - you will HATE this movie . From the opening credits of a stylized Las Vegas pop scene that somehow morphs into a spider-man like mandlebrot of webs - I knew I was in trouble . Where are the silhouettes of sexy bond girls , with an opening track belted out by the latest pop sensation ? As the movie progressed we did n't see a threat of a nuclear threat , or an airplane with a country-killing laser , or a space station ready to kill the population of the earth - instead we see a villian whose main crime is being a terrorist banker - that 's right - the main villian is a banker . Who wrote this piece of - well , you know already what I think . I think that this movie is going to kill the concept of the Bond girl - and any good Bond historian could tell you that James Bond will never fall in love after Diana Rigg died - its part of his persona - to love , live life - but always knowing he would be moving on - not settling down - who wrote this thing ? I 'm sure that this movie will see some box office just because its a Bond movie - but do n't be fooled by the reviews or the ratings - Bond is a mysoginistic throwback to the late 60 's - a gentleman , but a gentleman who is n't afraid to take advantage of whatever comforts are thrown his way , whether its a woman or a good martini - because he knows he probably wo n't reach retirement age . We do n't need to see Bond having doubts about his ability to do his job - whether he 's right or wrong in killing people for his country . Do yourself a favor - go rent an old Bond movie and skip this tragedy all together .
 A good film - but not James Bond ! More like Rambo with a love interest!Where are the gadgets ? Where is Q ? Where are the car chases ? Where is the baddies lair ? Where is the tongue-in-cheek humor?Sorry guys - you 've forgotten the formula and this just does n't work as a James Bond.No surprise then the DVD price has dropped to $ 9.99 in the USA or under 4 pounds in the UK . Relegated to the same depths as OHMSS with Lazenby !
 Like watching a video game - no humor or memorable music , lots of violence and sadism . More beefcake than romance . Sylvester Stallone could have been as good a James Bond .
 Not doing much of a review but this movie seemed to drag on and is kind of forgettable.It had a few good scenes but for the most part was predictable and did n't leave much of an impression .
 This movie is somewhat entertaining , but sporatic in it 's storyline and pretty bland in the romance department . And what 's all the hullabaloo about Daniel Craig 's nude scene ? There IS NONE . Even the sex scenes are totally G rated . Pretty dull .
 While there seems to be a lot of rallying support for `` the new Bond '' , I ca n't say that I 'm with that group at all . Casino Royale was `` ok '' and certainly 1000 % better than the Woody Allen/Peter Sellers sham , but compared with more traditional Bond movies , I felt it left a great deal to be desired.First there was the tragic demise of a well established timeline . This could have been easily avoided by simply adding that the `` previous '' Bond had retired -LRB- or been killed -RRB- and that the new agent was simply replacing his predecessor , the way `` M '' and `` Q '' had been replaced as the actors portraying them aged and/or passed away . To `` re-envision '' such a well established franchise completely without paying tribute to that which has come before was simply a mistake.Then there is Daniel Craig 's less than impressive portrayal of one of the most well known `` action heros '' of all time . Let 's face it here ... whether you are a fan of the books or the movies , when someone mentions the name `` James Bond '' , it provokes a certain mental image . Regardless of who has portrayed Bond in the past , there is an image of a suave , sophisticated individual usually wearing a tux , drinking a vodka martini -LRB- shaken , not stirred -RRB- . The image certainly includes having a beautiful woman on his arm , fancy gadgets to help him out of a tight spot and that attitude that `` laughs in the face of danger '' ... usually accompanied by a `` pithy come back '' . With the introduction of Daniel Craig in Casino Royal , gone is the tongue in cheek humor that typically accompanies the James Bond persona . To me this was a tragic mistake as it is simply a part of who James Bond is . In the Bond movie `` Golden Eye '' for example , there is a scene where Bond -LRB- portrayed excellently by Piece Brosnan -RRB- crashes a tank he is driving in a chase scene -LRB- wonderful in it 's own right ! -RRB- . The camera zoom 's in on Bond as he pauses , straightens his tie then continues with the chase . Truly a wonderful moment of humor to say the least ! There are no such `` moments '' with this new Bond ... he is simply a man with a bad attitude and `` a chip on his shoulder '' who 's out to prove himself against the world . With Craig 's portrayal , the character of James Bond could have just as easily been a disgruntled shoe salesman who 's forced to smell stinky , fat feet day in and day out . I 'm sorry to say but Craig does a very poor job of `` filling the shoes '' of his predecessors.To use a food analogy , if you make spaghetti sauce without any spices what so ever , all you end up with is tomato soup . Daniel Craig 's portrayal of Bond is watery tomato soup at best . While Sean Connery , Roger Moore and Pierce Brosnan -LRB- and even Dalton and Lazenby -RRB- all brought something new and unique to the role , they all managed to maintain the principle character that is `` Bond '' . Here particularly , Craig falls abominably . While it is a ok action film with a fairly average plot -LRB- save the world ... yawn -RRB- , there is nothing in Craig 's portrayal that really says `` James Bond '' in any way . The character names could have been easily changed and very simply , it would not have effected this movie at all -LRB- and probably would have been for the better -RRB- . Gone too are the wonderful gadgets that are so iconic of James Bond movies . While a good story line is certainly the greatest success of any film let alone `` Bond '' , high tech gadgetry is something that most loyal fans have come to expect -LRB- for example the submarine Lotus in `` The Spy Who Loved Me '' ... priceless ! -RRB- . When watching James Bond using many of these devices , one can easily hear Q 's words of wisdom saying `` Grow up 007 ! '' . Such things are now apparently a part of the distant past . Apparently all a modern secret agent needs any more to defend himself against the evils of the world is his ever loyal and faithful cell phone.For the sake of fairness , I will add that there have certainly been other Bond `` flops '' . Connery 's `` Diamonds Are Forever '' , Moore 's `` Man With The Golden Gun '' and `` Moonraker '' and Brosnan 's `` Die Another Day '' . I guess even the best of Bonds are entitled to having a bad run . That said , it appears that this may not be a one time event due to the fact that the producers seem to want to take Bond in a new -LRB- and horrifying -RRB- direction . We loyal Bond fans can certainly hope but none of us should hold our breath for too long either.Final Thoughts ... For those who are looking for an average action film with the proverbial explosions and car chases and an otherwise average plot , you will probably be satisfied with `` Casino Royal '' . However for those like me who are long time fans of the James Bond franchise and all that it represents , you will probably be sorely disappointed . In and of itself it was an `` ok '' movie but it certainly was n't `` Bond '' by any stretch of the imagination . It would have been better to simply change the character names and call this film something else and just let the Bond franchise rest until something better and more appropriate came along .
 First let me say i really like the new bond , I 've always liked Craig , he does nothing to hurt this movie , but man what happend there has never been a bond movie I didnt like untill now , theres a good chase seen near the begining but after that its off to a poker tournament for 45min . or more . . I dont understand the lack of action and the lack of any gadgets.Ok some might defend this and say well this is a new type of bond movie ... I say B.S.When we watch a bond movie we like action , some hot bond girls , some gadgets and a save the world theme . . With this movie you get none of that , zero.I dont understand all the great reviews , in a nutshell its really boring !
 Bond movies were the movies I grew up with , and they were quality movies . As a big Bond fan , I naturally had to see this movie . So I did . First of all , the beginning is dumb , just two people running and jumping , running and jumping . And , in the VERY beginning Bond dose n't even have 00 status ?! Whats up with that ? Oh , and by the way , there is no classic 007 theme music until the end . The girls are not that pretty , and the famed Q and Moneypenny were not included . Bond got beat up too much and there was tons of blood unlike past classic movies . And whenever he got into a problem , like when he was poisned or he was being toutured , it was the girl that saved him , he was helpless . There are so many things wrong with this movie that made it disapointing . Not worth the money , but if you ar n't convinced and want to see it , borrow it from a friend who has it . In my opinion , this should ` nt even be called a true bond film .
 I thought this film was a total disaster . It contains none of the features that made the old James Bond films fun to watch . No humour , no memorable supporting characters , no witty repartee , no exciting , wacky chases , no innuendos , no fiendishly elaborate but ineffectual attempts to dispose of Bond , nothing to delight the viewer . A distinct shortage of beautiful women for my husband to ogle -LRB- he was very discontented -RRB- . And as for Bond himself , this one is entirely lacking in charm , character , and charisma . I will say nothing about the plot , as I found it completely incomprehensible from beginning to end.I have always been a fan of the Roger Moore films myself , but this one made even Pierce Brosnan look good .
 What made Bond great was it was funny , great gadgets , easy storyline , bond girls , a family film.Now its volient , no gadgets , no girls and not a family film . Even though the previous Bonds were n't Ian Flemming 's idea of Bond ... he previous ingreidants made Bond famous . Sean Connery got the best mix.This was an awful film that just dragged and relied on visual effects . I still do n't undstand the realtionship with Vespa.Bring back the bond of Connery !
 Meet the newest double 0 agent . British intelligence agency MI6 assigns this designation to their premier agents who have made two kills in the line of duty . And James Bond -LRB- Daniel Craig -RRB- has just made that designation.His first assignment is to find a bomb maker and use him to track the terrorists ultimately responsible . While he wants the man alive , the situation turns deadly , and Bond is lucky to get out with his life . He does manage to get one clue , the word `` Ellipse '' and the phone number the text message came from . The trail leads him first to the Bahamas , then Miami.Behind the scenes is Le Chiffre -LRB- Mads Mikkelson -RRB- . He 's a banker to terrorists the world over . When Bond interferes with his original plan , Le Chiffre finds himself in major debt . To earn the money to pay off his bills , he sets up a very high stakes poker game at the famous Casino Royale . MI6 sends Bond to play . Will poker be the end of Le Chiffre and his funding of terrorism?The movie starts well with a couple of clever action sequences that had me entertained . I was hoping that the rest of the movie would be that good . Then the second half hits , and the movie slows way down . The poker scenes dragged , even for someone with an interest in poker . And the action scenes the interrupt the poker are boring , too . And the story slows to let us wonder if Bond will be okay . Frankly , I just wanted to know how he 'd be okay.But wait , we are n't done yet . The movie keeps going after what appears to be the climax . As each scene drew to a close , I thought the movie might be ending , but it just kept going . And , in trying to add a twist or two , the story get almost impossible to follow.This is a shame since the movie has some good performances . Daniel Craig is great as Bond . And Judi Dench is funny as Bond 's boss , `` M. '' Eva Green adds some laughs as an accountant assigned to work with Bond . The two have some wonderful scenes together with easily the funniest lines of the movie.The movie is two and a half hours long . Thirty minutes could have easily been cut to make this a much better movie . Unless you are already a Bond fan , stir clear of this loser .
 I will start with the one good thing about the bond movie , that is that the credits are still a good measure as to how well the movie will be . I found the opening credits to be boring and choppy which is how the movie ran its self.Bond was sloppy , clumsy and uncouth which is the opposite of what you would expect bond to be like . Then the fact that he passes up several opportunities to be with the girl which is so un-bond like I mean bond is supposed to move in , be smooth , get the job done and shag the girl.I wished I could at least say this was a decent action film , but the fights were sloppy , slow , poorly shot , and not very exciting.That brings us to the story line or i guess that is what they would call it . I would recommend that the writers use the Dramatica software and it would fix most of the elementary mistakes made by the writersWrite Brothers Dramatica Pro 4 -LRB- Win/Mac -RRB- I hate to say it but this movie was as bad as Doom which is my lowest rating : -LRB- DO N'T WATCH IT SAVE YOUR TIME BEWARE !!!!!
 This movie sucked overall , it never seemed to get going , big on drama , poor first film for the new 007 . I was ready for it to end . Rent it only . do not buy .
 I thought i was purchasing an actual dvd . . was purchasing as a gift . i was very disappointed . I also tried to cancel there was no where -LRB- even where it stated -RRB- to cancel purchase
 It looks like Sony is at it again.There are some strange extra files on this disk , and it wo n't play properly.A box opens up telling you to press play and the disk will start your player , but it does n't . After the spanking they received after their last sneaky trick , you 'd think they would have learned their lesson.Fool me once , shame on you.Fool me twice , shame on me.I 'm getting my money back for this disc , and will never buy another Sony product again .
 The review said widescreen and it was fullscreen also it never mentioned it had a French version too . Very upset .
 No plot . Movie went on , and on , and on , we kept hoping it would end.Really America ? Is this what entertains us ? Feel as though we wasted an evening.Wasn ' t aware of the torture scene . Seems like a PG-13 rating was not strong enough .
 The longest ever Bond film is , well , too long . There are quite a few drawn out scenes with Bond & his interest verbally sparring . There were about two or three times when I thought the movie had ended . I think they showed Craig 's body more than all the women in the movie combined . There was definitely an effort to draw the women to the movie with this one . Real Bond fans are in for a few rough years - All scenes where Bond smoked were cut and Craig later stated he would like to see a gay scene with Bond in the next movie since he feels the audience is ready for this . This is way out of the Bond character and movies . For someone who owns all the movies and has been a Bond fan since a child , this was a hard movie to sit through . Was n't Timothy Dalton enough to live through in a lifetime ?
 Getting tired of this from Sony.Bought the 2 disc set and disc one , the main feature , will not play on my Toshiba DVD player . THOUSANDS of other DVDs do , but this one will not.It plays on my DVD-ROM on my PC , but I prefer to watch films on my couch in my living room on a 32 inch screen , not at my office chair on a 19 inch monitor.The second disc , the disc with supplemental material , plays fine . But disc one does not . I returned it and swapped it out at the store TWICE in the past 24 hours and I have the same problem each time.WTF ???? SOMEBODY explain to me why this happens ! Is there something on the DVD itself?If the manufacturer/studio added extra files to prevent copying , but they end up confusing the tar out of my DVD player , then you can tell Sony that I will go out of my way to find a bootlegged -LRB- read
 this is the only bond movie I have not watched twicethere is no style and where did they find the so calledleading lady , she has no appeal at all , the supportingladies were much more attractive
 As just an action movie , I might have rated Casino Royale higher . Casino Royale , however , is n't just an action movie , it 's a Bond movie . Therefore my expectations are much higher and my rating much lower.The Bond movie that I found Casino Royale most comparable to was On Her Majestry 's Secret Service . In both movies Bond fell in love and had his heart broken when the women he fell for died at the end.In this comparison , I 'm almost tempted to give On Her Majestry 's Secret Service the edge . Casino Royale was arguably a better action movie but I feel that On Her Majestry 's Secret Service had more of the key ingredients that make a Bond movie a Bond movie , in spite of Bond getting married in it.The ingredients that I felt were lacking in Casino Royale were Bond 's charm , humor , gadgets and , to be blunt , scantly clad women . All three were sorely missed , especially the scantly clad women during the opening credits . I think the movie would have been helped by John Cleese 's return as R to give the movie both more humor and more gadgets.I understand that Casino Royale called or an edgier Bond but I find it hard to believe that Bond had to lose his charm in the process . I do n't know whether that was because of the script , the directing or Daniel Craig 's acting . I suspect that it was a combination of the three.I think the Bond enterprise will benefit by turning to Hugh Jackman when they decide to bring Bond 's charm back . It wo n't be the first time an Aussie played Bond -LRB- George Lazenby in On Her Majestry 's Secret Service -RRB- and I think Hugh Jackman will return to James Bond the much needed charm that Sean Connery , Roger Moore and Pierce Bronson brought to the role . In Casino Royale , I felt that charm was sorely missing .
 Altho there are some good action scenes in Casino Royale , and Daniel Craig is an excellent actor with an interesting face , he does not convince -LRB- this viewer at least -RRB- as Bond . In fact he behaves more like a Jimmy Bones than a James Bond . This is largely due to the silly ` soft centre ' of the plot , Bond 's love for Vesper Lynd . Eva Green , who plays the character , often looks beautiful but lacks appeal , sexual or otherwise , and their exchanges are mechanical , totally lacking in the kind of chemistry that should exist between two people attracted to each other , or who are antagonistic.The best Bonds are still Sean Connery and Pierce Brosnan.I was a little surprised when the dvd began with previews , which is to say , ads , of other movies before going into the main feature . Wish it did n't .
 The one star is not for the movie . I think it 's the best `` Bond '' of them all , and Daniel Craig is amazingly good . No , the one star is for the technical aspects of the disc itself . The studios are apparently using a new form of encryption that will not work on older DVD players -LRB- mine is only 3 years old , too ! -RRB- . I tried two different discs , thinking the first must have been corrupted , but the same problem.I understand the need for encryption , but please do n't lock out those of us with `` older '' machines .
 Bond was always a classy cat with a lot of interesting spy weapons and gadgets . This is more like another action film and this Bond is to rough . Not bad , but just another action movie .
 Worst 007 ever . I love Daniel Craig , but this movie was boring , drug on and it was predictable . So sad .
 was DEFINITELY not new . It does n't even look like it is in its original blu-ray case , and looks like a knock-off case . The disc itself looks legit , but I 'm not certain if it 's an original or a copy .
 This is not James Bond . I do n't know what it is . All I see is a lot of action sequences and no plot . If this is the end result of Sony Pictures buying MGM and thus getting their hands on the James Bond Franchise , Then it is resulting in nothing less then garbage .
 I ca n't believe so many people liked this movie . The more previews that I saw , the better this movie looked . My brother and I were pretty excited about watching it . I had also seen a behind the scenes where they talked about dropping the gadgets and special effects and getting back to basics . I was thinking that this was going to be good spy film based in the 50 's - 60 's with some solid action , since it was a prequel titled with the novel `` Casino Royal '' . This definitely was n't the case . It took me a while to figure out , but it 's not a prequel kind of . It 's set in 2006 , and they just started out with a brand new James Bond . Not the actor , the character . The movie starts with Bond just being given 00 status in 2006 , which means the previous Bond films do n't exist . Somehow though , some of the characters have been retained -LRB- `` M '' and a Felix -RRB- . So basically , I 'm not sure why they even chose to call this a Bond movie.On to the content : The movie starts out fairly well considering the confusing sequencing , but it goes astray about 2/3 of the way through . The poker game scenes are just boring and too split up . Recycled plot line
 I gave this movie 2 stars for the first 10 minutes of this movie-it was in true James Bond style-great action on the edge of your seat ! Then it took a severe nosedive . It was more of a romance story than a action-adventure movie . The card playing was dragged out and boring -LRB- I enjoy watching Bravo 's Celebrity Poker more ! -RRB- The only action was just watching Bond run around ... alot . The car chasing just involved James Bond following another car down a road for about a minute with no fancy car moves and action . I did n't care if any of the characters lived or died including Bond !
 This is a bad film . I got bored during one of the many over long and ill-paced action sequences involving some cars and trucks and fell asleep . As a film it is poorly paced , poorly scripted , poorly acted and the plot is awful . If you want a gritty action film in the ` Bond style ' -LRB- as this abortion was intended to be -RRB- you would be much better off watching Bourne . If you wanted some classic bond thrills and spills you will be sorely disappointed . The only topless scenes are of Daniel Craig and unless you find male testicular flogging a turn on there is little for the lads here.My advice , do n't watch this film unless you are the type of moron who loves bad films and think the idea of a 30 minute scene in which a bloke runs around on cranes is ` well cool ' . -LRB- Its not -RRB-
 I am sure that I am in the wee ` minority ' but even than I really ca n't understand the fuss about Daniel Craig and the movie itself . I found the movie Casino Royale boring and Daniel Craig never really came across as bond to me.In the movie Daniel Craig feels more like a physco henchman ala the lines of Robert Shaw `` s ` Red Grant ' than the heroic figure of Bond . We grew up with Sean Connery 's bond who was sauve , sophisticated , lean & mean gentleman spy which set a bar for all the other actors playing Bond to follow . However , in Daniel Craig version of Bond he is this polar opposite figure who is a confused as well as brutish running around in speedos and messing up half of the stuff he touches . He appears to be missing the famous wit and intellect of the cinematic bond rather he is raw , unfocused and almost to a level of a remorseless thug who has somehow been recruited by the secret service -LRB- hint : reminds me of a another bond rip-off movie -RRB- . Daniel Craig is convincing atleast in a sense that this is a bond that atleast ` I ' never grew up liking . Hopefully in the next few movies he will flesh out the charismatic , sauve , gentleman super-spy Bond persona lot more than he currently potray 's . Right now Daniel Craig 's Casino Royale comes across more as a british version of the movie XxX rather than a bond movie.As far as the movie is concerned its dark , gloomy , boring , simplistic , disjointed and lacking on the fun escapism factor . Gone are most of the fun elements we used to associate with bond himself and the franchise too . The gadgets are about almost all gone and so are the quirky one-liners as wells the sophistication and the high-end production values which were the earmark of the bond movies . The action sequences though intense are excessively front-loaded . Around about half-time the movie runs out of steam and than we are subjected to boring phsyco-babble , way too long casino sequences and a love story that never really convinces . And than at the very end you have another short action piece -LRB- which kind of defies logic since this movie was supposed to be all ` real ' -RRB- culminating in Daniel Craig taking his first small step towards the iconic bond and thats about it.Well thats the end of my honest review ...
 Have all these Craig flag-wavers seen the same film I did ? This guy 's got NOTHING going for him . He 's got NO style , he 's way too friggin ' short , and for pete 's sake , they left out `` Q '' and kept `` Dame Edna '' Dench ? That was a bad idea to begin with and I , for one , am more than tired of hearing her whine about `` womanizing '' and `` blunt instruments '' . And no Bond , film or book , would have so little respect for `` M '' as to break into his/her home for any reason.Hey , the stunts are great , as always , but that sad old cliche that says the love interests have to start out hating each other . . ? Trust me , there was no suspense left in that lame type of scene twenty years ago.Jeez , what else ... ? There 's no women in the title sequence ... The `` sacrificial lamb ' girl looks so much like the lead I was n't sure what the hell was up ... All in all , a half-decent Bond movie , without a Bond.Git rid of him , PLEASE !!!
 I was one of the people who originally cringed at the thought of Daniel Craig as being James Bond . It 's ironic to think that his performance was what actually bothered me the least in this movie.Plenty of other reviewers have pointed out the movie 's flaws with characters , pacing , claims of realism , etc. . So I 'll instead focus on two main points that I do n't believe have been adequately addressed , and really are getting to me ... First , the idea that this Bond as a character is more true to Flemming ` soriginal conception than previous Bonds . Why then , did Flemming 's Bond have his military roots in the British Navy whereas this Bond does not ? One very important detail in Bond 's background being different to begin with is not what I would consider as being a truer representation.Second , the -LRB- miserable excuse for a -RRB- plot . The plot is so full of holes it 's hard to know where to begin picking it apart , as it 's already in tatters . You know the feeling you get at the end of a movie where you just feel overstretched ? Uneasy but not quite able to put a finger on what 's causing it ? The feeling you get when you wonder just what exactly happened that would warrant your attention for the previous two hours ? That is the feeling of a movie that defeats it 's own purpose , which is precisely what Casino Royale does . Anyone who would like to refute this must first ponder a few things : - What was the movie 's main conflict ... Why were we watching Bond ? - Why was this conflict necessary to resolve ? - How was Bond going about resolving the conflict ? - What were the complications in getting it resolved ? - Why did these complications arise ? - How were the complications resolved ? - What was accomplished when it was all said and done?Please , really try to do this . While it may seem like this is a foolishly simple exercise , it ' actually is quite difficult to pin everything down . Yet these elements are the very basis for good storytelling . If you are enterprising enough to think critically about the above questions , you 'll find that in the end , the main conflict to begin with is unclear and dubious , the complications end up being unnecessary and nonsensical , and the final `` solution '' renders everything that led up to it pointless ... including the original conflict itself.This movie is really nothing more than any other casual action movie , which is a shame because I 've always felt the Bond movies to be something more special .
 No super bad guy , no Q , No awesome new spy tech , and no single line quips . Only way to watch this movie is to watch it with the rifftrax crew . The movie is very funny then . lol.Plus Daniel Craig is a anti gun wuss .
 Not a bond fan , and this was one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time ... it lacked action , it lacked script , it lacked EVERYTHING !
 Did n't like the new ` James Bond ' . If it was n't sold as a ' 007 ' I probably would have liked it better . I miss Connery !
 DVD does not work , very poor quality and packaging was tampered with . Seems to me to be a pirate dvd
 The character of Bond is unclear , undecided and for that reason seems poorly acted . I found the first 20 minutes of action without dialogue or real plot development quite boring . The female characters ' lives were not explored at all so they seamed to be caricatures .
 What the hell is this ? This movie does not resemble any James Bond I know . It is painful to watch as it is overly serious and sorely lacking in any sense of excitement , personality or fun.Daniel Craig has no sense of suaveness , sarcasm or humour and physically more closely resembles Dumbo than James Bond . He is by far the worst James Bond ever . 0 stars !
 This can only be a low budget movie , as half the things that are synonymous with Bond movies are missing .1 -RRB- The opening theme to all James Bond movies2 -RRB- No Q3 -RRB- No Austin Martin or Jaguar with gadgets -LRB- in actual fact James has to gamble to get his transportation -RRB- 4 -RRB- Not a lot of girl 's -LRB- previous James Bond 's had at least 5 - 6 girls surrounding him -RRB- 5 -RRB- No SpectaWhy they used the James Bond title is beyond me , it seemed like any other thriller to me , and if had not been for the acting itself which was passable and the special effects which were good , I would have stopped watching it
 I do n't get all the great reviews for a bond movie that lack identity . To me this movie was dull and a drivel . And to hard core . James Bond is suppose to be fun , sexy and exciting . And for me Daniel Craig was only cute . That 's it . I did n't finish the movie I skipped through it to get to the end . Why have n't there been anymore James Bond movies if this one was so good . Because it was n't . This movie was not fun to watch and Daniel Craig is no James Bond . Priece Brosan got him beat by a million miles . If you want to see a great James Bond movie I recommend Never Say Never , Octpussy , Die Another Day -LRB- I love this one -RRB- , and Diamonds are Forever . Not this thud .
 I thought this should have been 006 or some other agent . This was totally out of character he made a lot of noise wherever he was . The originally character played by Sean Connery had much more class , was a true secret agent with many creative hidden weapons and above all would never fall in love !! He as a confirmed bachelor and everyone knew that including the sexy women he met along the way !
 it doesnt even deserve any stars from me . the picture quality isnt that great . you would think that a movie like this would go out and try and use a video codec . it should have been vc-1 which is far better then mpeg-4 . once again horrible movie with horrible acting
 Gave it one star because that is the lowest . Too long . Bad story line . Paid for the blue ray , if I knew how bad this movie was before I watched it , I would not watch it if the GAVE it to me .
 Thank God ! I did n't buy the DVD . The most `` un-Bond '' of all Times ! The story is long and boring . Craig mumbles along in the fashion of American Actors - one needs sub-titles to understand the lingo spouting out of his slack mouth . The girl is just about OK . The casino scene must be THE most boring scene in the history of all-time great boring movies . The much-touted bikini scene where Craig does a male Bo Derek looks ridiculous cause his face is much smaller than it should be compared to his buffed-up body - looks like a cartoon , actually!This movie must n't be allowed to remain in 007 series . Oh God ! Gim me Sean Connery . I mean , really , watching those golden oldies is better time-spent than watching this ridiculous subterfuge . Even the action-scenes -LRB- were they any ? -RRB- are of VERY poor Quality ! Craig looked like he walked from his `` Munich '' set - same stupid brooding expression , shining blue eyes of an idiot , and that slack mouth with lower lip jutting out - MY GAWD ... . what an ugly man ... Yucksssss . He really looked sexy when he played Jolie 's something in that computer-game inspired movie or whatever !! PLEASE DO N'T WATCH THIS MOVIE - do yourself a favour!PS
 The quality of the sound of the dvd is not very good . You have to strain to hear what the characters are saying . That said , this is definitely not a top Bond film . Disjointed and trite . The Bond portrayed is not the suave , debonair figure we have come to love.I am sorry I spent money on it .
 Good parts
 When the World is Not Enough came out it was time for the hook -LRB- Denise Richards is HOT but she was THE worst Bond girl since Tanya Roberts as the whiny , wimpy Stacy Sutton -RRB- . I am a self-professed Bond nut - read all the books , own all the movies , except for NSNA -LRB- for shame ! -RRB- . From the opening chase -LRB- which went on for far too long -RRB- I knew it was going to be a poorly made rip-off the far more superior Bourne films - this movie tries very hard to be like a Bourne movie . My problem with Craig as Bond is that Craig does not possess the suave yet brutish elegance that Sean Connery possessed - Moore was n't a bad Bond , he just did n't know how to take a beaten like Connery did . Craig seemed more like a British soccer hooligan , no class - what next
 This movie was pointless and boring , and I consider myself a Bond fanatic . Daniel Craig 's acting is completely one-dimensional , has none of the clever wit of any of the other Bonds . The decision to go to the `` origin '' of Bond gaining 007 status , while sounding like a good plot point , just falls flat . No gadets ! Wait , I take that back ... a freakin ' defibulator !?! C'mon ... And just when I thought I 'd see that awesome new Aston Martin in action , this dill-weed crashes it in like 3 seconds ! This film is a disgrace to the franchise . The producers should just bring back George Lazenby before they use this guy again ...
 This film just does n't feel like a Bond film . I expect a mad villian bent on domination with his army of troops , fantastic gadgets , corny quips , larger-than-life action scenes , and a suave , womanizing Bond . I loved the Brosnan Bond films and ca n't get used to somebody who looks like Craig as Bond . I decided to check this one out anyway , with mixed feelings about it.This film seems to be taking a cue from Batman Begins and re-inventing the character , starting at the beginning , with a little more believable storyline . We know it 's a Bond film and there is going to be plenty that is unrealistic . Yet there were many elements that did seem more believable . This Bond got his face scratched up . He also wound up in the hospital . There was none of the `` leave the hero to die unattended in a creative trap '' types of attempts on Bond 's life . His foes used guns , fists , swords , and poison . The bad guys were merely people who helped finance terrorists , not meglamaniacs.I will give the movie points for being more realistic , yet I 'm not sure that 's what I want in a Bond flick . A Bond flick , like a super-hero flick is escapism . I want to watch a hero that can do all of these fantastic things that the average guy ca n't . This Bond is still that , but he was a bit more vunerable . His challenges were n't up to what we 've seen in previous Bonds either.Aside from Bond himself , the movie itself was mostly uneventful . There was a nice chase scene in the beginning and a big `` knock the house down '' battle at the end , but the rest of the movie was a bit on the dull side.The seeming pinnacle of the movie is defeating the villian in a card game . Sorry , but I ca n't stand to watch people playing cards on TV , much less in an action flick . Then , when you think it 's over , and the villian is killed , it keeps going for about 40 minutes more , where you think it 's over at several points , but then something else happens . It came off very awkwardly.During these 40 minutes , Bond falls in love , quits his job and begins living the happy life , touring the world with the latest Bond girl , Vesper . -LRB- How un-Bond-like -RRB- The musical score tells us everything is just perfect and it keeps dragging on . It 's overdone . It 's too perfect , we know this is either a dream or something 's going to happen , just get on with it . The later is the case . We are led to believe Vesper has betrayed him and has been working with the bad guys.During the last major action scene , a Venitian house is destroyed while Bond fights the bad guys . I know the movie 's ending -LRB- finally , I hope -RRB- , so I know these guys are n't going to get too far . But I have no emotional attatchment to any of them , making the whole scene unfulfilling . Vesper has just betrayed him , so I do n't care whether she lives or dies and it 's a bit ambiguous whether he 's trying to save her or kill her . The bad guys are fairly new to the movie and I have no emotional attachment to them . I have n't watched them elude Bond through the whole flick and am now cheering for them to meet their end . And I know they 're not going to escape and figure into the plot later because this is the end . I do n't really care . It 's a fairly predictable outcome.I suppose if you like a more realistic Bond , this might be for you . Or if a more muscular Bond is your thing , this is the movie for you . Overall , I was unsatisfied . Much more so with the plot and pace than the new Bond , but I still ca n't see Craig as Bond .
 I can see this movie is trying to sell to some people -LRB- e.g. Bush and Fox News lovers -RRB- , but I am disappointed by the cheap , silly story line and new 007 which has turned the sophisticated and gentleman old 007 into a monster who loves killing people and violence just for the sake of it . This movie seems to try to make it look cool to kill every terrorist instead of bring them to court , blow up other country 's embassy , wasting millions of dollars on the way -LRB- `` do we look like we need the money ? '' -RRB- . This will influence young and uneducated viewers to approve the current US foreign policy . The ending is also appalling , it 's like a statement saying , money is worth more than anything .
 Its tough to pick a new vendor to get my dvds from . This one didnt work out as I expected . The dvd stopped playing in the middle of the movie , and I couldnt get it to work even after cleaning .
 Two and a half hours of plodding dialogue and mediocre acting , occasionally relieved by a faint scintilla of action and a new James Bond with all the charm and sophistication of a truck driver easily make this one of the worst in the long series of Bond films
 NOTE
 One long card game inturrupted by over-the-top violence . Opening sequence looks like a Cirque du Solei produced spoof of Bond film opening sequences . The new Bond comes off as thuggish - not a suave bone in his otherwise well-toned body . Skip this one .
 blue ray quality is fair , however it does support all major subtitles languages , missing spanish and other major such a s french
 I was looking forward to watching this movie on DVD , but unfortunately it wo n't play in my DVD player .
 I recently rewatched this film to see if perhaps I overlooked what others have been saying is a great movie . What could they possibly like about Casino Royale?Daniel Craig is a horrible choice as James Bond . He has no charisma , charm or chemistry with the Bond girls . There was n't an exciting Pre-title sequence , zero gadgets and the Aston Martin gets flipped over in a chase ? What on earth were the screenwriters thinking ? Moreover , the poker game takes up a good chunk of this movie and it is long and boring . The one other action scene involves a construction site where Craig is doing a series of jumps and climbs onto and off of cranes . In all honesty , it felt like another movie all together . Could n't the writers think of something better ?
 The Bond film world is made up of 20 or more movies and at least 6 different Bonds -LRB- including comic-actor Niven -RRB- 7 including the new Bond -LRB- Craig -RRB- . Some people have a nerve to call Craig the greatest Bond , these people may not be fans of or may have missed the 22 previous films -LRB- yes I consider the original Casino Royale and NSNA as Bond films -RRB- . Craig has been miscasted as Bond in my opinion . He does n't fit or act the bill and the character has been reinvented in a negative less fantastic or cinematic fashion , even to say catering to a different crowd . This James Bond is even to say `` americanized '' and `` overtly-mortalized '' in some ways . I would conclude that if Albert Broccoli or Fleming were alive , they would not be happy with this portrayal of James Bond because it is too different in spirit , by comparison of all previous Bonds of old . Some claim that this film follows the Bond of the book more closely because it is more realistic or blunt . I say no it does n't because it does n't get the Bond , spirit or time period correct so what is the point . Bond has always been classy testosterone fueled romantic escapism . This Bond turns that idea of Bond on its head . I can easily say that this is the least entertaining Bond film . Not a bad movie by general movie standards , just a bad Bond movie by Bond movie standards laid down by the pioneers of series . Bond movies were what they were , many classic and entertaining films . All the previous actors who played Bond in the past fit the Bond mold well . Sadly I ca n't say the same about this , for Daniel Craig is the only one in my opinion who does n't fit the character . How can someone say that Craig is the best James Bond in the franchises history ? Well they must have a different idea for the character , Where Bond is n't great looking , debonair , suave , classy , witty etc. . Bond is now a guy who is just going through the motions and he does n't seem like a happy guy , and is indeed very flawed . Is this the guy that everyman wishes he was and every woman wishes she was with . Sorry I 'd rather be Brosnan , Moore , Connery , Dalton or even Lazenby over Craig any day . Craig 's Bond is n't likable and he was seen driving a Ford here ?? Beyond those flaws the movie lacks interesting story , villians and the action scenes are few and they concentrate more on the graphic `` realistic '' aspect of violence . Who ever watched a James Bond movie for the realistic aspect of violence ? Then again this film was taking Q 's more from action films like the Bourne series or police thrillers , not James Bond movies , because the total reivention of the character and movies is apparent . Speaking of Q , he is sadly missed , and its sad that they have thrown things like gadgets and moneypenny out the window . The comic and several other escapists elements of James Bond were one of its good enjoyable qualities . Bond is now just a miscasted and overtly serious drag . It should have never been reinvented as a DRAMA , it has turned pathetic . The worst Bond film ever hands down , depending on your taste and knowledge of the series . This reivention of the James Bond series is certainly an acquired taste which I will not choose to acquire .
 This senseless , pointless and ultimately disappointing followup to the fabulous Casino Royale is so bad of a movie that I am shocked at any positive reviews.Firstly , Daniel Craig is an excellent Bond . With all due respect to Sean Connery , I think Craig brings a level of seriousness , physicality and realism to the role that it has never had . Plus he looks great in his suits . He is certainly not the problem.The movie started off well enough , and overall the action scenes , except for the plane jump scene , were well executed and pretty good . But the ridiculous storyline about wanting to control the some water supply is just so weak and contrived that I wondered if it was just some kind of plot head-fake and that the true evil plot was going to be revealed , but then the movie was over . What a joke . When you think of all the dangers we face in the real world is this the best the scriptwriters could come up with ? Maybe they did n't want to offend real criminals . I could be wrong on this , because I am not `` Bond Expert '' , but this might be the first Bond movie without a memorable arch enemy of any kind . In fact there is nothing memorable about this movie . The only thing that stayed with me was how horrible it was . Worst of all , there is no sense of intrigue or mystery here . No great dialog . No romance . And it 's humorless . Nothing but nice filler action scenes that leave the movie lacking any depth.The more I thought about it the more this movie seemed like a third , maybe ` fourth ' , act for Casino Royale . Which is what I think was intended . A sequel in the true sense of the word . But , unlike the fabulous Kill Bill 2 , it lacks the cohesion , strong enough plot-line and characters to make it a stand-alone as unique single movie . The result is a mish-mosh of a movie that tries to use intermittent action to drive the plot while leaving the story behind.The makers of this movie should really be ashamed of themselves , but the apparent profits from this truly awful , awful movie will most likely prevent that kind of critical self-examination . This was a real Quantum of Nothing
 As I was watching `` Casino Royale , '' I kept saying to myself `` This would make an interesting James Bond film . '' I say this because the film did not seem like a James Bond film . All the normal conventions were missing
 James Bond 007 , really , are you serious ? Where are all the gadgets , Q , the Aston Martin WITH all kind of funny buttons , do n't touch anything please ! The only one is the heart attack thing in the glove box , really , yep that 's it . James Bond for the one who never understood it , is only for fun , these are not and never were serious spy stories , maybe the novel were but not the movies , it always been about crazy gadgets saving Bond from killers who never want to kill him simply and directly , SPECTER , if you do n't get that by watching all the real originals ones with Sean Connery , and even more so with Roger Moore and Pierce Brosnan , well just watch Austin Powers then , he will show you by the example what James Bond films are supposed to be in the first place , if you want serious spy stories , how about Tom Clancy adaptations , you know Jack Ryan , any clue ? Here you have NO gadget at all , even the `` hot girls '' , a James Bond tradition , in case you do n't know are lame as one can be , they are cold instead of hot , oh yeah did i mention the dude trying to act , he can not even speak but just mumble throughout the entire movie , instead of looking like an Irish tough guy , distinguish British dude cooler than ice , always delivering fine lines , he looks like a truck driver , speak like one , and carry himself like one , seriously , he even look bad in a Tux ! Even Timothy Dalton was a million times better than this thing.The story begins with a foot chase like they do n't need any oxygen to breathe never out of gas , and looking like Batman or Spiderman , indestructible , and then all stops , and the most interesting part of the movie is the poker game in the casino , James Bond really ? The series was already going south with Pierce Brosnan looking more and more super human , and with less gadgets and fine lines , now , it is purely dead , enjoy all the classics , if you can not see the difference , well that says it all right here .
 I 'm boycotting any more Bond movies unil the powers-that-be behind this franchise come to their senses & bring back the sexiest Bond ever , & the only one I 'll ever be interested in , PIERCE BROSNAN ! Daniel Craig is a boring dolt , a dud , & he 'll never match up to Pierce Brosnan . I WAS SO HAPPY THAT THIS MOVIE WAS BEAT OUT of the # 1 SPOT AT THE BOX OFFICE BY AN ANIMATED PENGUIN ON OPENING WEEKEND , HAPPY FEET -- I THINK THAT SAYS IT ALL !! I hope the right people are reading this review
 I can not understand anybody 's reason for praising this movie . I 've loved 007 films for years and I admit the last two that where made where CGI overkill and not a top film , but all it needed was a better director and scriptwriters.So they come up with the idea to jump on the Batman Begins wagon and re-invent something that was n't broken?When I first saw the preview/trailer of this , and hearing about this as being a prequel , I saw an instant mistake when Judy Dench was shown as being M in the film . A prequel that ignores the fact that she was n't the original M character , she took over as M in Goldeneye -LRB- or one of the Brosnon ones -RRB- because the Original M died or retired or something and she was next in line , or the wife or something , I dunno , but the point is she was n't there in the beginning . And the excuse I heard was that this is n't a prequel , its a complete restart like Batman Begins . OK , I let that one slip by and ended up seeing the film.The start of the film bored the hell out of me , it was so slow , and dragged , and did n't even show how Bond became a double-0 agent , it 's more like starting from his first day AS a 00 . Then the rest of the film lagged and then action , then bore , then action , then lag , then bore then action , then what , then zzzzz , then `` so that 's it then is it ? `` As I said , being a Bond fan for over 20 movies , why try and fix what 's not broken ? This film is not a Bond film , it just has the character names , the 00 status and the theme music , and the theme music of the trademark guitar theme did n't even get played in the movie , it was just used in the closing credits.How can you call this a Bond film when you have Dr Who not fitting into the spot of a Bond type , men are n't my thing , but I cant imagine women seeing him as charming and sophisticated with a license to thrill them.Amongst everything else , no Q , no gadgets , no charm , not the right kind of smartarse replies expected from a Bond , no Money Penny , and he 's gone from what we know Bond as to more of a dull egotistical and boring character that acts more depressing then anything else.I do n't get it , I really do n't understand how any fans of Bond could seriously see this as a decent Bond film ? I 'd probably think it was an average and forgetful film if it was titled something else and did n't use the Bond names and trademarks , but this will never be accepted by me as a Bond film.I honestly ca n't believe that only a small majority of reviewers have seen the movie the way I did . Either the world had gone mad , or there is only reviews being written by people who have never seen a Bond film before because all the ones who have are still in shock , puking in the car park or still at the ticket office demanding a refund.R.I.P James Bond -LRB- 1962-2006 -RRB-
 This disc will not play on region 4 players -LRB- Australia -RRB- the only one that i have purchased -LRB- over 40 titles -RRB- that is fully encoded . Amazon were kind enough to give me a full refund . Great people to deal with .
 Let me preface this review by saying I 'm not much of an action film fan and I 've never seen a 007 movie . I rented this one because there was a lot of hype around the film and I heard it was different than most Bond films . I wish I had n't watsted my time . This film is every action movie clich&eacute; wrapped into one . I could n't even finish this over the top borefest . Of course this is full of action sequences like we 've all seen before , ie. , one secret agent taking on a small army , sexy babes and fast exotic cars . The real turning point for me was the part after Bond sees a bikini clad sexy woman riding a white horse along the beach in front of her mansion , he then wins her husbands 1964 Aston Martin in a high stakes Texas Hold 'Em game . I 'm sure any guy out there who wants to see a testosterone filled , macho film will love this . But I 'll pass ...
 If you have seen the superb MGM DVDs of the original Bond films , you will be disappointed here.This is nothing like those . No director 's commentary , in fact , no commerntary at all , and just two minor documentary pieces . With all the wonderful material on the website , one wonders why none of that was included
 Casino Royale is quite possibly the best Bond movie of all time and , with all due respect to Sean Connery 's handling of the role , Daniel Craig deserves the same such praise for his portrayal of 007 . I would be all over pre-ordering this item if it were not for my noticing of the Regional Coding Enhancement -LRB- RCE -RRB- disclaimer in the Product Details.It may not seem like such a big deal in preventing discs from working on Region 0 or Multi-region players , I resent Sony 's continued efforts in adding these extra levels of protection to its products . This is the same company that not too long ago -- in the name of digital rights managment -- added malware onto its music CD 's that actually damaged consumers ' electronics equipment
 -LSB- warning
 This was so boring . I am not a Bond fan but I thought this one would spark my interest . Ugh was I wrong . It felt like it was 3 hours long . It just dragged and dragged . The action scenes were OK . I saw nothing in this that I have n't seen in every other movie . I guess I will continue to be a Non-Bond fan .
 Very odd , this is in a lightning deal -LRB- after Thanksgiving -RRB- and MORE people are picking the Full-Screen over the Widescreen.This means the picture is getting CROPPED and your not seeing the whole picture . People your tube Tvs are going to die soon and you will have no choice but to upgrade to a new widescreen TV , I advise you to buy the WIDESCREEN edition -LRB- you can always zoom in IF there are any black -RRB- . bars .
 Starter pack ? For what ? The poorhouse ? LMAOThe $ 2.98 shipping is a deal breaker .
 If the Star Wars prequels showed us anything its that going back to making a prequel to a old movie is a BAD idea , and this film is NO exception . This Bond is supposed to be set pre Dr. No , yet there are :1 -RRB- cell phones , technology that did not exist then2 -RRB- laptops , again that did not exist back then -LRB- especially not a Sony VAIO which was shamelessly marketed -RRB- 3 -RRB- Very elaborate tracking system , much more sophisticated than a radioisotope tracker used in Dr. No4 -RRB- Modern weapons5 -RRB- Texas Hold em , not BaccaratJust to mention a few . Sure the acting may be great in parts , like the torture scene , but the whole movie just feels drawn out like they could n't stop . Kids and first time Bonders will probably like this , but for thoes of us who have seen every Bond movie from Dr. No to Die Another Day -LRB- including Never Say Never Again -RRB- , it is a movie that should never have been made , which is why they made Dr. No first and not Casino Royale .
 I found it absolutely outragous the following :1 -RRB- I pre-ordered this item mid-February and with shipping I paid approx . 10.2 -RRB- It will arrive to my adress some time in April according to the most recent mail .3 -RRB- Today -LRB- March 19th -RRB- , I could walk into any stores in the U.K. and buy it for 9.99 - AND WATCH IT IN MY LIVING ROOM.I FEEL ABSOLUTELY CHEATED BY AMAZON - IT HAPPENED BEFORE AND I WILL NOT BUY ANY NEW RELASES THROUGH YOU IN THE FUTURE!TR
 I 'm no stranger to product placement , nor am I against it , but when I saw this movie , I could n't help but feel the experience was cheapened by all the close-ups on Sony products . When the camera purposely zooms in to show Blu-ray on a disc , PSP on the back of a videogame system , or Cybershot on a camera , it gets a little annoying . It 's no surprise that Sony placed all those products , it is a Sony Pictures film , but the purposely placed shots of Sony products was too much for me to handle.There would n't have been an issue if there were a Pepsi sign in the background , or if a character used a Cybershot camera ; but when a shot zooms in to show the brand , model , or format , I call commercial . If this is what all James Bond movies are going to be like , I might as well just stay home and watch TV . I do n't pay to go to a theater to be bereted by a two-hour long Sony commmercial , and I wo n't pay to do it again .
 I would not have gone to the theater to see this bond movie . The missing elements were the women at every destination of Bonds ' travels , a memorable villain that packed a intriguing but vicious undertone . It was slow in coming was the relationship between `` M '' and Bond and what was expected of his work ethic . This Bond was not the eye candy that Pierce Bonsnan , Sean Connery and Roger Moore brought to character . This was infinitely a rental not worth the big bucks .
 They simply wrecked the Bond personality when they chose Craig to play the part . Craig tries to play the tough guy and it is just pathetic . Bond should have the personality of the previous actors that have played him such as class and that hint of humour . This movie has no gadgets in it at all and the storyline is pretty much always in the casino . It got so boring that I actually fell asleep when watching it .
 james is suppost to be suave with class . what this bond is thug material.if this is before james become 007 material how come all cars are new and m is a woman ? give us a james with class .
 Absolutely the worst James Bond movie ive ever seen !! Whenever I think of James Bond films I think of suave men , beautiful women , great cinematography and great music scores . This is Low Budget Bond !!
 I just rented the DVD after several people told me how wonderful it was . This guy has no charisma . I could have cared less about what happened to him or the girl.What a total waste of my time ! I am surprised at all the great reviews of this movie . And what a waste of Judy Dench ! I 'm not waiting for the next Bond if this guy is going to be the next 007 !
 This film is so weak and boring in so many ways , that it 's a waste of time bothering to write a review . The only reason I am doing this is to prevent readers from investing in something based on the hype surrounding this film , and its bland leading man Daniel Craig.Now , I am sure Daniel Craig is a nice enough man , but he is woefully miscast in the role of Bond . He brings literally nothing to the role , and all his limpid blue eye-action can not save this from the train wreck it actually is . Not that he is a bad-looking person , but this is one actor who has virtually no charisma and has very wooden body language , so much so that even during his so called erotic scenes , he seems bored and disinterested , more keen on forcing the camera to love him . No Daniel , this just does not work . This is by far the worst Bond ever , especially since Pierce Brosnan set such a high standard for anyone to live up to.I must say that Eva Green -LRB- the royal from `` Kingdom of Heaven '' -RRB- is a sure find . She is beautiful in that most obscure way -LRB- such as Claire Forlani in `` Meet Joe Black '' -RRB- that its impossible to hate her . In fact , if they had made a whole film about her instead , maybe this would n't have been such a terrible film . She is n't a talented actress per se , but is absolutely perfect as a Bond girl.Which brings us to the storyline , or lack of one . Of all the remakes , this is the worst , primarily due to Craig 's constant expression of ongoing indigestion , coupled with a very weak backing cast . Judi Dench 's allure and charisma are all flushed down the toilet , as she is portrayed her as an insecure and rather matronly mother-figure , with some of the worst one-liners . Should be seen to be believed . I can not believe they reduced this amazing character to the bowl of mush we see before us today.Maybe its because I 'm a guy , but I do not find Daniel Craig capable of acting to save his life , and the people I saw this with were as puzzled as I was . Why did they choose this obviously untalented abomination to play Bond ? One will never know . All I can say is , if you 're planning on buying this on DVD , please hold off of it . Do n't even rent it , its that bad.A slow , tedious film , with no worth whatsoever . One star for Eva Green , and that 's one star too many .
 When this movie first came out , all I heard was how wonderful it was , how amazing Daniel Craig was as 007 . All I have to say to that is what a lie ! In my opinion this was the worst Bond movie they have ever made . Craig was extremely boring as Bond . He had absolutely no style , charisma , or humor . The only thing he brought to the role was a nice shape . It was so depressing to me how they replaced the wonderful and talented Pierce for this joke ! I 'm not saying he 's a terrible actor otherwise , but he brought the character to a quick and painful death , that any true bond fan would have winched out . The only decent part of this movie was the supporting cast . Dench was amazing as M , I 'm just sorry that she had such a little part in the movie . And Eva Green was fab as the heart breaker . Lets be honest , no body will ever be SC , but at least they could have found someone with a bit more talent and focused less on his psychical condition . I just hope if they choose to make another Bond movie , they add a better supporting cast or something , to make up for Craig 's lack of stand .
 This was probably the worst Bond ever . The bounding at the beginning belongs in a Superman or Batman movie . Bond would never , rental or not , drive a small Ford . I 've been a Bond fan from day 1 and bought this to complete the collection but it does n't belong with the rest .
 I understand that many folks enjoyed this as a fresh interpretation of James Bond . I have n't read the original books , so I can not weigh in as to whether or not this take on Bond is more or less in tune with Fleming 's original character . I can only convey one woman 's reaction . Based on many years of exposure to the other Bond films , I just can not take Daniel Craig as James Bond . Bond , to me , is supposed to look more like a Cary Grant , have a good sense of humor , and to kill only out of necessity . He is supposed to fit in smoothly among the upper crust , due at least to his years of exposure to the ultra wealthy 's expensive haunts and preferred activities . Craig looks to me like a poor man 's Steve McQueen , with none of the latter 's boyish charm or calm cool self-confidence . He looks more like a street thug or an angry , recently retired , rugby player . His haircut looks like he must have cut it himself , in between running down alleys to rob liquor stores and beat up drunks.The film seems much more violent than any of the other Bond films I have seen , and completely humorless . The special effects appear to be effective and realistic , and the villains are cold and brutal . For guys who like cold realism and plausible plots , and who do n't want to feel threatened by lead actors who come across as handsome , smooth , and well-educated , this may be just the ticket . But there are so many brutal realistic humorless films . Do we really need another one ? It 's also seems particularly gratuitous to feature a scene where a completely naked Bond is tortured sadistically by having his genitals beaten to a bloody pulp , then threatened with castration . -LRB- What a fun night at the movies ! -RRB- It feels like some sort of a plus that the women are portrayed more realistically , and in a less overtly sexist fashion . And I appreciate that Craig 's Bond appears to actually be interested in some kind of real relationship with the lead female . But I ca n't imagine that many women , after seeing this particular Bond and type of story , will will be very eager to go to see another one . I wo n't knowingly expose myself to any other such film again .
 I tried ... and I mean I really tried to like Daniel Craig . And I do , I really do like Daniel Craig , but not as Bond ... James Bond . I 'm sure the girls will say he 's hot , but he 's not supposed to be hot , he 's supposed to be cool ! -LRB- I know , I know , I know it 's a chauvinistic view -RRB- Try I as might to not judge all subsequent Bonds by the Sean Connery creation , I just ca n't help it , I do ! And I know this installment represents Bond before he became a true 00 , but did he have to be so childish ? It was as if Bond was a reckless teenager instead of a highly trained government operative . And what happened to Q ? How can you make a Bond movie without Q ? And what happened to Moneypenny ? M without Moneypenny is like a burger and no fries . And at the risk of again sounding chauvinistic , -LRB- I may need therapy -RRB- what happened to our Bond girl ? Although Eva Green -LRB- Vesper Lynd -RRB- is beautiful , she 's not the requisite drop dead gorgeous ; unforgettable , I wish I could ... -LRB- You fill in the blank ! -RRB- Bond girl ! She was more of a girl next door type of Bond girl and there is no such thing as a girl next door Bond girl ! Judi Dench was her usual great and the special features disk was pretty good , but the overall effort earns a disappointing 2 stars .
 The other reviewers here mostly seem to applaud the new , buff , hard-core Bond -LRB- shaken not stirred , though he does n't seem to care -RRB- . But what 's really happened is that 007 has been grafted onto `` Die Hard . '' If we really want to revivify James Bond , the challenge is n't finding the right actor -- Roger , Timothy , Pierce , Daniel -- all of them are perfectly fine . The challenge is in the formula . Why make 007 into the typical action movie , where the chase is less a chase than a physical combat?The James Bond that the early films taught me to love was the suave hero who could vault the perimeter of an embassy and still emerge perfectly dressed for a black-tie evening , complete with the red rose in his lapel . His arrogance had to do with his intellect and his physical charm not his overbearing presence . He does n't need to be able to leap from a toppling building or construction site ; half the film need n't be devoted to the stunt men . The point of James is that he is professional ; he makes do with the least amount of effort . Bond
 This is the worst of the 007 films ... Daniel Craig is a very sorry excuse for 007 . He does NOT fit the persona nor does he look like the 007 that we all have known ... From Sean Connery ; Roger Moore to Pierce Brosnan all having the `` English '' accent , persona and class of 007 ... George Lazenby , Timothy Dalton & Daniel Craig all are examples where producers and film makers go cheap and are more focused on profits than on having the very best 007 actor ... True 007 fans can see the obvious difference ... Lets hope that Daniel Craig will only be involved with one 007 film ... Pierce Brosnan still has some years left as 007 and hopefully will be able to reach an agreement with producers/film makers to get back for a few more good films before another 007 search needs to resume ... Respectfully submitted ... Skip
 Paid the money - was unable to watch this HD Amazon Instant Video . Mostly my fault . One area of site read that I must have an `` HD compatible device '' . Another area clearly read that I must have an `` Amazon Instant Video HD compatible device '' . My Sony Vaio w/blu-ray is not a `` compatible device '' .
 I have had a copy of this film on my DVR and was always annoyed by the commercials and the fact that it was edited for time , hence I ordered it . The DVD had so many seizing freezing and at times whole sections skipped that I just fast forwarded past all the jittery nonsense . What a waste , I ended up watching the DVR copy anyway ! To make it worse I had it for quite awhile and decided to watch it because nothing worthwile was on TV only to discover such poor viewing quality .
 I love the content of the discs but I wonder why this bluray '' collector 's edition '' did not includes the booklet of the dvd ? it 's annoying !!! . I hate the edition , it 's too simple .
 Usually , when everybody else says the same thing about a movie , I 'm going to agree . Plus , they 're right anyway . : DHere 's my problem
 The Bond character has no class , no style , no humor - the character has been rendered lifeless . Do yourself a favor and pass this one up in favor of one of the Sean Connery Bond films .
 What a bore . I was n't really excited to this the blonde bond but I went to see it anyway because the last one with pierce was so so good but anyway on with the review . This movie was boring . No gadgets that bond usually has . No witty conversations . If you watch it most of the time they are n't saying anything just chasing eachother and the casino scene is about 20 minutes too long . And the vilian with the bleeding eye ? So what !!!! Eva as the bond girl was stupid . The other girl that got killed should have been the bond girl . Eva looked too homely to be considered hot . And oh the blonde bond , what ever his name is is n't hot either !
 This review will be pushed to the back of the list for sure because i 'm not among the rest of the crowd on this one . Plus I 'll get a big pile of `` not helpful '' votes , but I feel this has to be said
 What were they thinking ? Why what happened to the James bond movies that we 've seen ? This one out too sea . The music was not a James bond music did not have the girls usually on the screen my big deal at the beginning of James bond music and this guy just does n't make a James bond there was no , need there was no slip stack or wisecracking marks will drop out of the Moon . what one a disappointment . The producers and directors need to go back to the drawing board and try again and make it right this time . The movie had good action and as far as the acting aires 's IP zero in a row and fell one and only with business that I would not have bought it . The rate this two stars
 This is a chick flick!It has more elements of a love story that action.I am very disappointed.This will never be a part of my JB collection , as I am selling it ASAP .
 Am i missing something here ? How is this a good Bond movie ? How is this a good movie period ? After loathing Pierce Brosnan 's JB movies for feeling that they have been detached from the `` essence '' of what JB is all about , I actually miss him now . Yes , I 'm one of those who believe Sean Connery delivered the best JB movies ever , followed closely by Roger Moore , but I do not cry over spilled milk either ; their time has passed and that is acceptable . But this ? Come on James Bond fans , you know better.I have been watching JB movies since my adolescent years , needless to say I have watched them all . It seems the more technologically advanced - and enhanced - these movies are , the worse they turn out , for they slowly but surely take the character out of context and into showboating the strength of what the camera -LRB- and the whole crew for that matter -RRB- can produce for all of us to watch . We end up with an extremely technology-dependent movie . Before , with earlier JB movies , that was ok , because everything seemed so alien to us -LRB- yah , a rocket which devoured other rockets , or a tiny assembled helicopter destroying several real-sized ones -RRB- , and that is what made Bond special in that respect . Now , what difference is any other action based movie to Bond ? Simple , the catch phrases like `` Bond ... James Bond '' , or `` Vodka Martini shaken not stirred '' . Casino Royale felt like a long advertising ad ; Sony Vaio laptops , Sony cybershot cameras , and Sony Ericcson cell phones . This was truly repugnant . It 's even worse than its recent predecessors in that respect . Is n't Casino Royale the first of the Bond series by Ian Fleming ? Why is it so present-based then -LRB- taking place within the confines of social/technological advancements -RRB- ? I could not help but laugh when they mentioned `` 9/11 '' . Why would they ever bring that up in Bond movie?The movie felt like a series of detached events , linked only by one thing ; the money everyone was seemingly after . And in between
 I read all of Fleming 's 007 books before they started to make movies of them . When the novies started , they were not true to the books , but entertaining . Of course , Sean Connery quickly became one of my favorite actors , and the best Bond . Bond movies became more and more thrill packed , starting with Goldfinger , and Roger Moore and Pierce Brosnan were good to very good at carrying on the vision of the great 007 . Casino Royale is NOT close to being a James Bond classic , and the new Bond is not 007 . The movie had no outstanding action scene -LRB- s -RRB- , and Craig was not the suave , devil-may-care Bond of old . He was a thug that was doing a poor imitation of the Borne movies.While Die Another Day was not my favorite 007 flick , it beats this mess considerably.My son , grandson , elderly neighbors and their grandaughter all saw this and had the same conclusion - the WORST Bond movie ever !!! It needs to Die Today !
 Not only does this Bond suck . . They have officially destroyed the series with this movie . To begin with they chopped and killed the Bond formula which they should never back away from . Daniel Craig 's poor acting also helped kill this movie . The absents of Q , and the fact the way the made Money Penny a bad guy was just stupid . This was a failed attempt at a love story . the plot was just abismal . Take teh Bond rights away from these people before they kill the series for good . Bring back Pierce , Bring back the Old Formula , and get rid of this tragedy .
 this is not much of bond movie , if you would ask me . I love daniel criag as a actor , but I do not see him as bond . I could not watch this movie could only watch about 15 mintues of it to date . Bring back old bond not this none playful one we know and love .
 I am truly sorry for being a -LRB- as some call us -RRB- a `` NAYSAYER '' but I actually went to see the movie an I regretted it.The Script is inconsistent , silly , has nothing to do with the original novel -LRB- if you want to know how 007 and the secret service deals with rogue agents , traitors an so on ... read Octopussy ! -RRB- . The actor are consistently bad lighted , bad dressed and are given a dreadful dialogue to work with.Daniel Craig looks more like a enemy side hitman , he is too beefed up has his chest shaved -LRB- !!! -RRB- he could be christened Dirty Jimmy.i think I am going to cahnge my e-Mail address
 My husband -LRB- a Bond fan to the bone -RRB- and I -LRB- who watches basically to enjoy the manly , handsome Bond men -RRB- watched this last night and I have to say I was n't the only one disappointed.This Daniel Craig Bond was TOTALLY physically unappealing -LRB- to me , a woman -RRB- not to mention I thought his acting was HORRIBLE . I was disgusted the entire film that a man with this guy 's looks could even be cast as James Bond . He 's a very effeminate version of James Bond . -LRB- Can you imagine anyone ever mistaking Pierce Brosnan as a valet parker even in jeans ? -RRB- For Craig , it was believeable . UGH . Craig would have been better cast as one of the valet parkers.The story was choppy and hard to follow . We both thought the action scenes were well done , but overall , it 's one of the few Bond films that we will watch only once.I hope the Craig/Bond experiment is over . Bring on a real manly man who is smooth AND fine . Ugh . -LRB- and I rarely write a review , but in this case , I had to . -RRB- Cheers !
 Misconceived portrayal of James Bond 007 is not true to Ian Fleming 's creation and can not hold a candle to Sean Connery . No knowledge of food or champagne . The true Bond is a gourmet and wine connoisseur . Craig exposes his wweaknesses to all and sundry . The real 007 keeps his weaknesses concealed as all true Spooks do . Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet
 God is it boring ! If I wanted to watch people play cards for an hour and a half ... I WOULD N'T SPEND $ 30 TO DO IT !!! SHEESH ! By the way , that 's the plot , I just saved you an hour and a half of your life.About Bond himself , how is it that this is supposed to be his first mission ? He 's got BLUE EYES AND BLONDE HAIR . Are we supposed to believe that he changed them ? And why is it set in modern times -LRB- the 2000 's -RRB- ? IT 'S SUPPOSED TO BE HIS FIRST MISSION , REMEMBER ? Never mind Bond movies have made since the 60 's , but come on !! Bring back Pierce Brosnan please !!
 I did n't like this movie . Daniel Craig played Bond well but this movie did n't even feel like a bond movie and on top of that the movie is n't even in the same continuity as Bond from Dr. No to Die another Day . So basically the classic Bond we have come to know so well is now dead and a different Bond is standing in his place . As for Me give me the Classic Bond any time and not this .
 Hugh Jackman could breathe life into the new James Bond as Pierce Brosnan did during his Bond reign ! Daniel Craig is a bland dummy - just a cardboard character actor and Hugh Jackman would have been eye candy!I say let 's see Hugh Jackman in a jet pack as Bond in a precredit action sequence over Seattle 's Space Needle ! Bring back Michelle Yeoh as Chinese agent Wai Lin and team up with Bond to stop General Chang -LRB- from Tomorrow Never Dies - he escaped from Beijing when Eliott Carver -LRB- Jonathan Pryce -RRB- could make him the next Premier of China by bombing Beijing with a nuclear missile from his stealth boat ! Have General Chang have a new ambition on invading Taiwan ! What a great movie that would be !
 I did n't care to watch it when it was in theaters and I was right . I just watched it on DVD and really sorry for the time wasted . Staring at the wall for 2 hours would be more rewarding.The movie is a set of disjointed action sequences -LRB- which are nothing special by themselves -RRB- following each other with no rhyme or reason . Daniel Craig is another in the line of impostors unsuccessfully trying to fill Sean Connery 's shoes -LRB- even Pierce Brosnan was better then DC , and PB was n't very good either -RRB- . Other characters are not even 2-dimensional - they are one-dimensional . Really bad acting all around . I was constantly annoyed by something until I figured out what it was
 Its a shame that relentless violence takes the place of a good story and character acting . There are parts that are not suitable for human consumption . I 'm sure Daniel Craig is a good actor its such a shame .
 I will be perfectly honest here
 I was not able to view the movie , only the extras disc.was able to play ; We tried 2 different movies . The delivery service and response to my problem , was very efficient .
 If the main character of this movie had been named anything else , it never would have been made -- or if it had been , it would have lasted about a week in theaters and then disappeared . While the acting is good , the actors have nothing to work with . No plot , no worthwhile dialogue , nothing.Someday , it would be interesting to see someone actually make a movie from the Ian Flemming books . This movie borrows a Flemming title , two scenes -LRB- and a general idea of gambling though the particular card game has changed to `` reflect modern sensibilities '' I suppose -RRB- . The best part of this movie was the ending , but just because that meant it was over .
 When a formula works , you really should stick with it . The team behind Casino Royale obviously decided to move in a new direction , abandoning key elements of the formula
 After much anticipation we were very disapointed with this new `` the best ever Bond '' - the critics ca n't have seen any of the previous films to give this such a rating - the plot sucks with so much flashing and jumping around to different subjects and they could have cut that stupid card game by at least 1/2 an hour - gone is the intriging world of fantasy and gadgets the Bond films have always portrayed if this is the ` new Bond ' we will be rewatching the old classics and put this one in the `` forget '' file
 I have seen all the James Bond movies several times , from `` Dr. No '' through this one . This movie , `` Casino Royale '' is without question the worst of all.Oddly , Daniel Craig , plays a very realistic and authentic `` James Bond . '' He looks and acts very much like a man who has a `` license to kill , '' but even Daniel Craig 's acting could not save this horribly written movie.The leading lady , is possibly the ugliest `` Bond Girl '' ever , and wears so much eye-liner that she looks like something from a zombie movie.The first half of the movie is barely worth watching , but it just gets progressively worse . By the time the movie was over I was very happy that it was FINALLY over.This is the ONLY movie in the James Bond series that I will leave out of my collection . It is absolutely NOT worth your money .
 What film new Bond film did everyone else see that they are raving about it ? I own every other Bond film with the exception of this one -LRB- and boy , am I glad I rented it and did n't buy it -RRB- . Folks are noting that this is a realistic Bond -- where ? Was it during the Spiderman sequence as two man are scaling a construction site ? Oh , and the chase through a construction site -LRB- popping in and out of shafts and construction holes -RRB- apparently so perfectly choreographed that it may as well be `` A Chorus Line . '' No one runs at top speed through a major construction site unscathed or unblocked shooting and skipping through unknown crevices , without slamming into some dangerous obstacle on the other side -- ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS !!! I would rather suspend belief and embrace an Alligator Submarine , an invisible car , a human jet-pack , or a mini-jet that exits from a Horse Carrier . And , the gas tanker sequence , it may as well have been a Hook and Ladder chase through the streets of San Francisco -LRB- oh , that 's right , that chase actually had me riveted ! -RRB- . How convenient that Bond realized that the tanker windshield had been fully taken out , while his action sequence was in the back of the tanker -- in real life he would not have know that if he propelled himself from the top of the cab that he would land squarely next to the driver instead of banging off the front of the cab , unto the ground , and under the tires . Bye bye Daniel Craig ! The film was about an hour too long . Gim me Jaws and the good old days anytime because if this is the new Bond , it 's time to find a new film icon . Oh , that 's right , Spiderman 3 is coming this summer and we 'll see even more high-rise scaling displays . At least I can believe that I superhero CAN DO THAT ! This Bond was realistic , realistically BAD !
 This new Bond movie is different alright -- different in a worst possible way . All the people in the movies acted as if they were constipating . There are no humors and chemistry between the main characters . There is none of the charm that Bond movies are famous for . Bond looks like a body builder , which takes away all the sophistication and mystery that Bond is supposed to possess . Skip this one .
 I just bought this movie , I was expecting action and there is no shortage of that . But where was Q , the wonderful gadgets and cool cars . Not to mention Bond driving a Ford come on that was sad . Also , where were the enfamous Bond love scenes , James Bond would never leave a woman to follow some enemy , he would make love to her and then take care of business . The plot was not the best not mention hard to keep up with . I am so disappointed that I bought this movie instead of renting it . And finally a blond Bond , he looks like the guy who James beats up and kills , the villian not James Bond . Find another Sean Connery , or Pierce Bosnan they pull it off .
 wow this was one of the most disappointing movies i 've seen in quite some time . i 'm shocked at the critical acclaim and despondent about the prospect of another decade or more with this dried lump of poo in the 007 role . yeah he comes off as `` a blunt weapon '' as advertised , but where 's the charm ? also , an exhaustive survey of women has revealed that actual living breathing human beings do not as a general rule find daniel craig 's face at all attractive . i will say the opening action scene was cool and promising , but after that you find yourself watching like an hour of what appears to be a lame high-stakes international texas hold 'em tournament :| . meh , I say we dump the bond series and make a ton of transporter movies instead !
 Let me start by saying that I love the `` James Bond '' movies in general . I have read all of the books by Ian Flemming and seen all of the movies more than once.Now to the movie.It is quite possibly one of the WORST movies I have ever seen . The story does n't have an `` arch enemy '' to begin with . We have to sit through a 10-minute foot race over roof tops and through back alleys -LRB- the stunts are fantastic though -RRB- that left me wondering who was being chased and why are they important at all ?! The movie slows down to about 30 minutes of watching some of the actor 's play poker . Who cares about paying money to watch a poker game in a movie !!!!! If I want to watch poker I will watch Texas Hold 'Em tournaments on TV for FREE !!!! There were at LEAST three points in the movie -LRB- possibly -RRB- more that the story could have ended gracefully . Yet we have to watch this movie continue to CRAWL , LIMP and gasp and wheeze for another 45 minutes to the end.PLEASE just stop the movie and avoid the agony of watching this to the end .
 I like the old super villans . I liked how the old villans would try to take over a country with an army of super powered mutants . In Casino Royale , the villan was much more believable . Lanudering money to support war lords and rebel factions is something that an MI-6 agent would combat , although not James Bond style . I really wanted to see a movie that would expose a massive network of villans that have coridated a mulit-national effort to destroy/contaminate a massive fresh water supply like the Kinneret -LRB- Israel 's water supply -RRB- . But I guess things like that ca n't really happen after Austin Powers already made fun of it.And I did really like the new James Bond and nearly everything else in the movie except for the ending . For me , it seemed like it should have continued on , but no . That was it , and it was really screaming -LRB- to me -RRB- to show who the big bad guy on top was.But all in all , MAKE UP YOUR OWN MIND . These are my opinions , not yours ... : -RRB-
 Okay , I stood in line back in the sixties to see DR.NO and sort of was raised on the ` how shocking ' entendres of 007 . This new mix of un-elegant brute - force Bond just grates on me . Somehow the editing and scripting seem cut of the same non-Seville-Row cloth.Now the Bond stories seem much closer to every other spy/chase movie . That is plot , much-too real characters and smaller threats to the world.Interesting , within weeks of CR 's release used copies of the flick are going for half-price ; I think a lot of fans agree with me .
 I had heard this was the best Bond yet . Not in my opinion . Yes there was a lot of good action . But Bond was fooled by the girl he fell for . He was going to leave the Service , another questionable -LRB- Bond being Bond -RRB- part of the movie . England used to rule the world . Now Bond is going the way of England .
 I loved the beginning of this movie - great stunts - but then it goes downhill from there .
 Was a used disk and case that had been removed from circulation at a public library . Disc played fine , but both disc and case had suffered a lot of wear and tear . When the product arrived in the mail , I was very disappointed . I would not have purchased it if it had been labeled accurately
 I now have two copies of the Casino Royal DVD and neither will play in my brand new Sony 400 disc changer . The product divisions at Sony have their heads so far up their own A. . . s that their products are not even compatible with each other . This issue is not isolated to the one movie.The recommendation is , if it says Sony on the disk , do n't buy it . It is n't worth the hassle since most places wo n't return a DVD or at best will only replace it with the same defective copy .
 Sony 's DRM protection will prevent this DVD from playing in many DVD players , and suprisingly several Sony DVD players also . My Toshiba SD-4800 will not play this DRM protected DVD.We were not able to watch the movie , no comment on how good it would have been .
 This disk contains Sony 's newest copy protection scheme which may cause it to be unplayable on some DVD players . Be sure that you can return this disk for a full refund if it does n't work before buying this .
 I found that I wasted my money buying this 2-disc set . Casino Royale does n't compair to any of the previous James Bond movies.Daniel Craig displays the James Bond image but the lacking effects that you normally saw in previous 007 movies , makes this one , almost a sleeper , if it was n't for the beautiful scenery and Craigs acting.The excitement of the past Bond movies is very much lacking in this one . What happened to the suspence , action of all the uniqe gagets that Bond used.Needed MORE ACTION !!!
 The only reason why I give this Bond two stars is for the action sequence from the supporting stuntman in the beginning of the movie , Wow ! Other than that , is definitely not the Ian Flemming 's James Bond that I have grown to love . Instead , Hollywierd decided to go the way of mainstream and make a vicious punk into a British Agent . Too many sequences in this flick do n't make sense . How did the girl get on the middle of the road in a high speed chase ? How did the gate behind Bond blow up , him with no scratches ? How much more could you stray from the classy character that was so intricate to the Bond movies?I understand that Martin Campbell was trying to show an edgy dark side to the Bond mystic . But the only thing he achieved , in my book , was to tarnish the Bond image and blasted the doors open to destroying what made the Bond movies fun to go see , the humor , the `` British refinement '' , and the gadgets . I would have liked it much better as a movie without the Bond name on it . As it stands , because of the warm reception from the movie going world , I fear that Bond will now head down the path of becoming just another violent and uninspired movie series created just for money , that America seems to thrive upon .
 I ca n't fathom the reviews that proclaim this as the best Bond ever ?!?! I am a life long Bond fan , having seen and own , the movies and read books to accompany them . This does n't make me any better than any other Bond fan , but I have an unflattering opinion of this train-wreck of a movie . I was disappointed when Pierce Brosnan stepped down as Bond , but I was willing to give Daniel Craig a shot at it . After all , I did n't think anyone could butcher the job the way Timothy Dalton did . Boy , oh boy . This movie could kill the franchise . Reinventing Bond is ludicrous . Taking out his calm , cool assuredness and replacing it with hot headed response , I shed a tear . Then the writers had Bond leave a beautiful woman in the middle of a passionate moment to chase her terrorist male counterpart . James Bond WOULD NEVER do that . A real Bond would spend the night with the lovely lady and give her a gentle kiss before giving chase . Taking Bond back to the rank of normal `` O '' status had me shaking my head . Bond playing Hold 'Em poker -LRB- a nod to a current fad -RRB- instead of his game of choice baccaratte . In fact , if you read the book , Bond is playing baccaratte ... the movie guys changed it , obviously figuring that they knew Bond better than Ian Fleming . What idiots.Another thing . What was one of the best points of Bond movies ? For me it is the `` over the top '' bad guys that Bond fights . They never showed up in this flick . Instead we got a bad guy who was a weeping sissy . He owed money to other bad guys and was playing poker to try and win the cash . Those bad guys probably should have been Bond 's prey . The guy Bond chases is no super villian . He 's all to human . He has asthma , shakes in the company of real bad guys and begs for mercy when caught.Does anyone remember Bond movies with real hokey contraptions that the meanies would put Bond into when they wanted him dispatched ? This movie replaces those contraptions with a chair and a naked Bond getting hit in the genitals by a heavy rope ?!?! -LRB- say what -RRB- Bond gets hit in those family jewels by none other than the weeping bad guy himself . No henchmen , no fortress , no Q , no fancy gadgets ... No Bond Movie!The lone high point of the movie , and the reason I gave it 2 stars was the chase scene early on in the movie . Incredible . Probably the best chase scene I have ever seen ! And it was ON FOOT !!!
 Casino Royale -LRB- Two-Disc Widescreen Edition -RRB- This should have been a film to remember yet it is not . The plot is unoriginal and weak , the acting mediocre , the characters unconvincing , the situations are juvenile and stray well beyond the bounds of silliness whilst the film itself is so poorly made that the soundtrack is for much of the time quite inaudible.If this is the best that can be done , perhaps it is time to bury Mr Bond , once and for all .
 a waste of time ... Daniel Craig is a lousy 007 ... having seen every james bond movie several times , this movie makes very little sense . Nice stunts as always ; but the love plot with Vesper did/does not work , too much time is spent on it , and the real bond would not have wasted his time with this SKANKY looking shrew . Hopefully the next attempt at anything Bond will deal less with an hour worth of Texas hold em -LRB- i can watch the WSOP for this if needed -RRB- , minimal plot spent on a love line , and a Bond who wont be a guy with little or no acting ability . If I could give a `` 0 '' for this movie , I would . Go buy `` license to kill '' or `` the world is not enuff . '' At least those movies have something more believable than a blond/blue bond who is totally out of his league . Crap movie , must have been produced with ladies in mind . Bring back Plenty O Toole .
 Deciding to start fresh with Casino Royale . Directed by Martin Campbell he did a better job with Golden Eye honestly . Daniel Craig plays James Bond now . I 'm glad they brought Judi Dench back as M even though it 's a reboot . Mads Mikkensen plays Le Chiffre , Eva Green as Vasper Lynd & Giancarlo Giannini as Mathis . Story is James Bond has recieeved 007 status & he 's tracking down Le Chiffre who is a financer for the worlds terrorists . Bond has stopped Le Chiffre 's plans to blow up a Skyfleetar so Le Chiffre sets up a high stakes poker game to recoup his losses . He also joins with Vasper Lynd from HM Tresury & he meets a contact in Monternago Mathis . Now do n't get me wrong I think this is an ok movie it had it 's moments it 's better than Die Another Day . But the poker tornamet scenes are way too long it slows the movie down . Cause it should 've focused more on building up this new Bond up & the action you get some decent fight scenes some good action . I love the scene were Le Chiffre 's henchies find the body of this big guy that Bond killed it was pretty funny . I liked that Bond was given depth . But they did drag it out with 25 30 minute poker scenes . The torture scene where is well done they think Mathis is a insider but it turns out later that he is n't . I do like how they delt with Vasper she had no choice to betray Bond . Bond finds out who was behind it Mr. White which leads to our next movie which I like better . This was the 1st Bond film to feature Mathis . Daniel Craig was the 1st Bond to be younger that the film series . An origins story was planned after The Roger Moore series but Albert R Broccli rejected it cause he felt audiences were n't intrested in a younger Bond . Craig was Barbra Broccli 's 1st choice . In some countries it was released in 2007 which was neat . This is the highest grossing movie in the franchise . Sean Connery was rumored to direct in early production . The Venice sinking sequence took 3 weeks to complete . In 04 while Brosnan was still James Bond he suggested Quintin Tarintino . Pirece Brosnan was considered too old to play Bond . Martin Campbell agreed to direct cause he had no other projects at the time . Longest Bond film so far . It would 've costed $ 30 million to have Pierce Brosnan to return . 1st Bond movie to have Bond leave alone . Martin Campbell I do n't know if his heart was n't in it but he did n't have the same impact from Golden Eye . Daniel Craig gives an alright performance . Judi Dench gave a great perfomance . Eva Green was n't bad . Mads Mikkenssen did n't get me as the villain . Giancarlo Ginnnini was good . Next Quantum Of Solace & I 'll explain why I like it more .
 Who ever thought that the action-packed Bond series would become an hour and a half episode of the poker world series ! I 'm sorry but I was not riveted to the screen waiting to see the next card dealt or if Bond what want 1 card or 2 cards . Thus was Bond the wimp . Often beaten up , too slow to catch the bad guy , too in touch with his feelings , giving up duty for a pretty girl who is duping him the whole time . Bond the douche really . This movie would make the Bond fan think that they 've lost it , that the Bond dynasty is done . Thankfully in 2012 somebody righted the course and got the Bond series back on track!Amazon delivery review is that the HD movie did cut out/time out a couple of times across cable through ps3 so that was annoying .
 euro trash , did n't work on my system . selling euro trash in america , they know it does n't work here but what can u do
 Every critics said this is the best bond ever , but they never said why . Every body said , Craig is the new Bond , because he is the closest Bond as Ian Fleming books said , but I just wondering how many of you ever read the book . Why suddenly every body care what Ian Fleming wrote , are the previous Bonds did not based on the character . Worrying their new Bond not convincing enough , they even shot a screen in the train where Bond first met Vesper , trying to tell the audience , What Bond should be , it 's just pathetic . I do not know the Bond Fleming wrote , but I saw every Bond movies , and I am sure this new Bond is not James.Casino Royale plot is simple , out to date -LRB- written 1953 -RRB- and confusing for everyone who do not know what Poker game is . Just like M said in the movie , how she missed the cold war , this Bond movie should have much larger scale than a terrorist that love gambling.Two stars , Just because they said this is a Bond movie .
 This may be a fantastic movie , but I could n't tell you . As others have noted , this DVD is copy protected in a way that it wo n't work on many DVD players including mine !
 This is the worst example ever of the Bond series . Craig just does n't live up to the character played by Connery for 20 years -LRB- few do -RRB- . Connery 's Bond was always on the offensive with women ; in the scene with Caterina Murino , she 's in charge and the two seem almost self-conscious ; at least things liven up when Eva Green arrives on the set . The movie has too many uninteresting characters and what else can they do but flip an occasional evil eye . There 's too many gambling scenes that look too serious and too many close-ups of players hands , as if trying to show that damn , this game really means something . That can happen when the story is weak . There 's too many close-ups of cell phones , showing messages that supposedly add to the meaningless script . It seemed that the combo of Judy Dench as `` M '' , who should have stayed in the background more , and Craig as Bond did not really work . I was surprised this turned out to be such a poor effort since the director , Martin Campbell , also did Golen Eye -LRB- 1995 -RRB- which I liked . One star to qualify , one for Eva Green .
 `` Casino Royale '' is a re-imagining of James Bond , a reboot of a tired old franchise . James Bond has been a cartoon for decades , epitomized by Roger Moore and to some extent Timothy Dalton . In its place , Craig 's Bond is part Jason Bourne , part Terminator . -LRB- Just watch him run like Robert Patrick at the beginning ! -RRB- `` Casino Royale '' is grittier , less cartoony and still big and action-oriented . Craig is a decent if not great Bond , but the fault of Bond in this movie lies not with him but with poor writing . The viewer will note that this Bond screws everything up and does nothing right , and even has to be rescued at times . This is not the supremely confident , always-prepared Bond we are used to . Nonetheless , the first part of the movie is serviceable and competent , and at least watchable.But `` Casino Royale '' completely derails on the train to Montenegro , where Bond meets his Bond girl and the movie hits a brick wall . Action transforms into a lot of pseudo-romantic chatter between the two . Eva Green turns in a truly legendary performance as a Bond girl . Legendary , in the sense that the acting bar for Bond girls is set pretty low , and she does n't even make it that high . Due in part to poor writing and in greater part to exceptionally poor Bond girl acting , her last scene in the movie is laugh-out-loud funny rather than dramatic.I will not spoil the ending , such as it is , but its open-ended lack of closure caused me to knock off a star . Come on , this movie is 2 and a half hours long , and they could n't have cleared out 45 minutes of look-at-my-watch yapping in order to give us 5 minutes worth of closure?I noted to my wife that Montenegro sure looked a lot like Italy , and that maybe we should visit someday . However , do not use `` Casino Royale '' for travel planning purposes , as the credits reveal that Lake Como , Italy stood in for Montenegro . In one sense , I guess I was right !
 Casino Royale was quite a disappointment considering the long tradition of excellent Bond movies.The acting is pretty good -LRB- but nothing great -RRB- , the plot is below average , while the dialogues/lines are way beyond `` below average , '' and then there 's the great locations/scenery ... Daniel Craig disappoints in his role as 007 ; he is rough around the edges and is lacking that something the others had . Sean Connery was suave , he was , * is * , James Bond . Roger Moore was a gentleman with an amazing humor , while Pierce Brosnan was one handsome guy who carried himself well , and even Timothy Dalton had something about him that gave him dignity . Daniel Craig has not shown any of those qualities . There is nothing about him that screams `` for Queen and country ! `` In addition , Eva Green , who was great in Kingdom of Heaven , is given weak lines and a bad role . A shame , really ... The dialogues-oh my - the dialogues are beyond words ... M is simply pathetic ; a highly hysterical and annoying elderly woman.Q is nowhere to be seen.Finally , the amount of brutality is unprecedented for a Bond film . Kill away and smack around as much as your heart desires , but do not include the extreme type of torture scenes that this movie had.The positive aspect of the `` movie '' is the setting/location , with the scenery being great!So it 's a weak plot , a great setting and a relatively good cast , which when put together fail to take off .
 even though it is a James Bond movie i do not at all classify it to the others at all . no real special gadgets like the other Bonds .
 I think I 'll make a film called `` Mutiny on the Bounty . '' No , it wo n't be about Fletcher Christian and it wo n't take place on a sailing vessel . It will be about a housewife who finds that `` Bounty '' is n't the quickest picker-upper and then rebels out front of the local supermarket with a lot of other wives.That 's what `` Casino Royale '' was to me . They took a famous title and hooked it to a famous film franchise ; then they made it 21st Century film gritty and completely changed the character of Bond into Tom Cruise 's Mission Impossible mirror image.Indeed Daniel Craig is a fine new actor and acts with fierce intensity . But this is n't Bond . This is a new character which someone should have been brave enough to rename and start a new franchise.At first I gave it 3 stars , but I then had to make it 2 .
 i know casino royale is the first story of james bond but the movie has judi dench as m which basically says lets forget about the other 20 bond films from 1962-2003 . casino royale would of been great it it was set in the 50 's or 60 's so it flows with the other bond films before it.Q is n't in the film but you do n't see Q until from russia with love . so it kind of makes sense but the whole m situation they should of got a guy to play m to live up to bernard lee .
 If you were to watch a romantic comedy called The Love Letter , you might expect to find some love in it . Or some romance . Or comedy . There was a small amount of sadness and melancholy for the hopeless romantic , but little else . The theme had much more potential than what was accomplished with it . This movie seemed somewhat disconnected and had only a couple moments of true lucidity ; where it made brief glimpses at the most honorable and pure principles of love . But , even those moments were illustrated not with examples of it , but rather with examples of unrealized , un-pursued , or unrequited love . A much stronger movie would have resulted by slimming the cast and concentrating more on those very few glimpses into true love ; even that love lost or unattained when human or spiritual frailty grasps unsuccessfully at it . The main character 's `` affair '' brought about by the mysterious , poor excuse for a love letter only proved the hatefulness of `` making love '' absent love . It brought no insight into the emotional operations of a lonely woman whose emotions are awakened by the possibility of having found her `` true love . '' Ultimately , I found myself walking away wondering , `` Where was the love in The Love Letter ? ''
 Because of the cast list , the basic idea of the plot and the scenery , you would expect a much cuter film . Instead you get a lot of sex without so much romance , while the eventual romantic connection lacks passion . Very odd . I expected more humor !
 I remember seeing the advertisement for this movie and could n't wait to see it . I finally watched it last night and could not believe how slow and boring it turned out to be . I generally like movies that are slow and have very little action , but this was just too much . I guess my greatest disappointment came from the fact that it was such a good storyline and it was hard to believe that someone could do so little with it . I 'd like to see another director take the same plot and develop it into a more interesting story . It just seemed that there was so much more that could have been done here .
 Do n't even go there . If ever a movie needed a car chase to liven things up this is it . Badly written and dull in the extreme . If you need a romance theme watch While You Were Sleeping again .
 The movie is n't exactly bad , the problem is that it could 've been a lot better . The main problem is the way characters are managed through the movie , what give us a movie which centers mainly in only one character -LRB- Kate Capshaw 's -RRB- , and leaves the rest of the cast unatended and undeveloped , which is a shame , most of all to Ellen DeGeneres and Julianne Nicholson 's characters , because these two give the best acting in the movie . The other problem is that a movie with really one character is not necesarilly bad , had it not been that Kate Capshaw acting is so flat and boring , that one ends up not caring for the character.In a brief
 Do n't waste any time on this disaster masquerading as a movie . It 's boring and unoriginal . The characters are one-dimensional , and there is no plot . The lack of direction is beyond hideous . Whoever ok 'd this script should be banished to the land of dunces , ASAP . And , after watching this mess of a movie , I would n't allow Kate Capshaw anywhere near a script , regardless of whether it 's a good script or a bad one . And this is a bad one , believe me .
 Boring , Boring , Boring . I was so bored by the whole thing , I did n't care who the stupid letter was from . I could n't keep from falling asleep . Everything about this movie ...
 this film was okay ... i really dislike Kate capshaw and did n't care to see this movie , it probably could have been better if someone rewrote the script , and chose a better actress than capshaw . This is a novel by Cathleen Schine . the book is probably much better ! ellen degeneres was the best part of the whole film ! she is a very funny commedianne and a charming actress . if you like her , you might like this film somewhat . . it 's also filmed in Rockport , MA which is a beautiful spot . .
 Slow moving , boring , with an ending I did not particularly care for . I prefer to reseve my total opinion .
 Waited a long time to get this movie , and was disapointed in it . If i had been able to find it as rental first i would never have purchased it . Had some excellent funny lines by Ellen though . The best they had cut out and left in the gag reel .
 From Dreamworks and director Peter Chan , `` The Love Letter '' is a romantic comedy that takes place in a picturesque , New England coastal village where single mom Helen -LRB- Kate Capshaw -RRB- owns a quaint , little bookstore . One day at work , Helen happens across an anonymous letter -LRB- the `` love letter '' of the title -RRB- that has somehow become lodged beneath the cushions of a reading couch . Upon reading the amorous prose therein , she believes it has been written to her , purposely placed in the couch for her to find , and , for reasons of her own , thinks she knows the identity of her secret admirer . Inadvertently , however , Helen leaves the letter out where her employee , Janet -LRB- Ellen DeGeneres -RRB- finds it , believes it to be for her , and , of course , thinks she knows who wrote it . Circumstances then bring it into the possession of a young man named Johnny -LRB- Tom Everett Scott -RRB- , who thinks Helen has written the letter to him . And before it all gets sorted out , you can only imagine the hilarious situations into which all of those involved have been cast ; and I do mean imagine , because the way this movie plays out , the audience gets little more from it than what it brings along itself . There are two specific areas in which this romantic comedy fails miserably
 I 'm sorry but this movie is easily the worst that I have ever seen . One would have thought that the several well known cast members would have read the disgustingly boring script before agreeing to to the film . This movie should never have been made and what 's more , it should never be watched . If you want romantic comedy , you 're better off going with `` Dumb and Dumber '' at least that film had some redeeming humor .
 What a boring movie . The cast and story line interested me enough to watch it . While Kate Capshaw looked great , her character was boring , self centered and generally cranky and non-caring . Who would want to be in love with that ? The ending is just plain dumb . Blythe Danner is not in the movie enough to even be a sub-plot let alone a main character . Snore ... Also , I watched this with my pre-teen daughter and was sad to hear the `` f-word '' on more than one occasion in a PG-13 rating . Do n't bother ...
 THis is a embarassing effort by Dream Works studios . A total bomb . The movie does n't gives what promises in the cover
 I 've got nothing against comedies . Nothing against dramas . Nothing against Kate Capshaw . But , boy , what a tragedy this movie is !! The director was sleeping , I guess , or his paycheck was n't enough for him to make the whole cast to erally act !! Everything goes wrong from the word '' go '' , except the first five or ten minutes . after that , it 's a demonstration of everyhting that should not be made in a comedy -LRB- or whatever this movie is -RRB- .
 A crap , total waste of time . Capshaw is totally out of shape here . TOm Selleck is totally unconvincent and lost . Anyway , the fault belongs to the script , which is a total mess .
 When this movie was over , I could n't believe I 'd wasted two hours of my life on it . It might have been almost watchable if it had starred , say , Meg Ryan , whose sometimes irritating cuteness might have lightened up the heroine 's basically dour and unpleasant personality . Instead we 're sentenced to two hours of the dreadful Kate Capshaw . It 's not necessarily that she 's a bad actress ; she just seems like an awful person . Ellen DeGeneres is n't much more fun to watch . And the solution to the mystery of the love letter is not merely ridiculous ; it 's insultingly stupid.Tom Selleck , as always , lights up the screen -LRB- too bad he 's only on it for about 15 minutes -RRB- , and the other supporting players are fine as well . And the scenes of New England are pretty . Maybe an enterprising fan will find a way to digitally insert them into a better movie .
 I never expected it to be so mean , not with Capshaw and Selleck on it and DREAMWORKS backing it up ... A comedy that does 'n' t make you laugh , characters personal troubles that you do n't care at all , ambiguous ending , poor start , weak script . My God , this would n't even be possible to watch in a theater !!
 THis is an embarassing effort by Dream Works studios . A total bomb . The movie does n't gives what promises in the cover
 This movie is boring and I still ca n`t belive that I wasted 3 bucks on it !
 The storyline , that of a love letter discovered by first one , and thenanother character in a sleepy seashore town , each one thinking it hadbeen written for them , is delightful , and suggests endlesspossibilities , but I found myself rolling my eyes more than once atthe overkill of some of the characters expressions . At other times Icould n't help laughing helplessly over the soulful looks 20-year-oldJohnny -LRB- Tom Everett Scott -RRB- gave 40-something bookstore owner Helen -LRB- Kate Capshaw -RRB- as he imagined that she had meant the love letter forhim.My biggest disappoint ... -LSB- is that -RSB- there is no warning in anyof the reviews or otherwise , that this film has overt lesbian tonesbefore its completion . I would not have chosen this video if I hadknown this .
 Of the various movies with the title `` LOVE LETTER '' , this is the worst , believe me ! Capshaw 's acting -LRB- or it was her character , maybe she was just doing what was in the screenplay , I do n't know -RRB- is so bad that you simply do n't care at all if she is going to be happy or not at the end of the movie !! You simply do n't care also about whre did the love letter came from . The `` shocking '' reevlation that it was written by the lesbian mother of one of the characters do n't make any impact at all , because when we reach that point the movie is lost . I 'm not sure , but it seems to me a classic case of bad diretion more than bad plot . How DREAMWORKS gave the `` go ahead '' for this project is beyond my compreension .
 If you want to see Muay Thai training , fights , or even much of Malaipet , or Yod , DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!! If you want to see some sad faced , crying trainer for an hour and thirty minutes then here ya go . The guy who edited this DVD looks like he bought Adobe Premiere and a book from the library on how to use it . The little bit of the fights that are shown are constantly in slow motion , this guy must have discovered it and thought it 's the coolest thing ever because he uses it every chance he gets and that 's half the movie . He puts in stupid sound effects worse than a kung fu movie every time someone throws a punch or kick . There is nothing legendary about this dvd at all ! They do n't even show the last fight just pictures of it . Mal and Yod are being used for this clown to make a buck off of their names this DVD is garbage and a waste of money .
 absolutely the worse movie i have ever seen in my entire life ; do not waste time or money of this movie , trust me on this .
 I know that I have written a review -LRB- or two -RRB- that stated that the movie was the worst I 've ever seen but this one is THE WORST I have EVER EVER seen ... I wanted to puke watching this waste of film !!!! I can not believe that it even made a star in reviews !!! And gays wonder why they have a bad rep !!!!!!!
 Pile of steaming dung about sums it up I think .
 If your one of the die hard fans of the original `` Superman the animated series , '' created by Bruce Timm / Paul Dini / Eric Ramadoski / Dan Riba , you will be sorely dissapointed with this film . The animation would lead you to atleast believe it is of the same quality of the show , which it 's nowhere near . Do n't get me wrong , the story is good , a little suprising , but what killed this film for me was the fact that Clancy Brown was not the voice of Lex Luthor . Whoever wrote this Lex Luthor 's lines made him out to be a playful clown , nothing like the rugged mastermind Clancy Brown inbodied so well . I liked how Tim Daily returned as the voice of Superman/Clark Kent , but it did n't make up for the loss of talent like Brown and the original voice of Brainiac . Lastly the writers seemed to pay no attention to original show , like the phantom zone/forteress of solitude , it just angered me that they used Bruce Timm 's team 's animation designs on something I truly believe they would never let be released with their stamp of approval .
 I , too , am a big Superman fan , and I have enjoyed the Superman Animated Series as well as Justice League and , even though I am not a big Batman fan , I always liked the Batman animated series from the early to mid ' 90 's . Considering how good the animated movies were that spun off of that series -LRB- Mask of the Phantasm , Sub Zero , etc. -RRB- , it is hard to understand why similar attention was not paid to a Superman animated movie . Perhaps this was rushed to coincide with the Superman Returns film , so fans were ultimately shortchanged . I agree with the negative reviews , and especially those that ridicule the characterization of Lex Luthor . Lex has always been portrayed as a sinister genius ; here is portrayed as a goofy oaf.If you intend to buy this movie because you are a completist , like me , do it now . The only redeeming quality is that it comes prepackaged with a free ticket to Superman Returns . When you subtract the value of the ticket from the purchase price , this movie is not quite as bad .
 DO NOT spend any hard earned money on this product . Wait and go see Superman Returns an extra time if you just have to have a Superman fix . Luthor and Brainiac are not only horribly voiced but WAY out of character . Would have only been a 30 minute cartoon if not for the totally out of proportion fights . Really , stay away . Your time and money are worth more than this .
 I ca n't beleive they included this movie as part of the DCAU . There was no continuity with the rest of the DCAU and the movie had a comic slapstick overtone that completely went astray from the rest of the series . I 'd of given this movie a negative rating if I could .
 What can I say about this movie that has not already been said ? This movie will probably be fine and enjoyable for younger kids and others who may not have watched the extremely well-done Superman
 This was painful for a Superman
 As a lover of the Superman animated series of the late 90s and the Justice League and JLU series , I am terribly disappointed and outraged by this effort . At one point in the movie , Brainiac boasts that he has brawn as well as brains , but this movie is mostly a string of boring action scenes separated by and interwoven with insipid and ridiculous dialog . Powers Booth 's depiction of Lex Luthor made ME sad , to paraphrase the character . There are moments that are reminiscent of the series , especially with Lois and Clark , but as a whole the movie feels like a rejected episode from the series that was padded into feature length . It is literally laughably bad ; I guffawed when Superman kissed Lois and resuscitated her a la Sleeping Beauty.Save your money and time - do n't buy or rent this movie or bother watching it even if it 's free .
 as usual , great action & superman is the man . but , luthor is way too goofy compared to the series & brainiac actually has emotions , which takes away from his appealing detachment . probably why lex or brainy 's voices had to be recasted . Stll like Powers Boothe anyway.this is coming from a long time comic & cartoon fan , you guys can do better .
 Yeah , call it `` Super-Duper Man '' because the story , the animation , and most of the voicework is on par with something only a 3 year-old could watch and be entertained.All the reviews you 've read here -LRB- and I have n't found a single positive one yet -RRB- ... believe them !!! STAS was one of the best animated shows around . This garbage is insulting to think of it as being related in any way whatsoever to STAS.Warner Brothers , the production company , the animators , and the horrible writers should be ashamed to put their names on this . Do yourself a favor - watch an episode of Scrappy-Doo . Even that puts this to shame .
 I actually paid good money for this DVD and I am mad that I did . I preordered it about a month ago and it came early . I was so excited to watch it and PU !!! I also found out about an hour after I watched it that it was coming on Cartoon Network.I hope everyone saw it there for free because this was a waste of money.First off , one star for having Tim Daly and Dana Delaney voice Clark and Lois . I absolutely love them . Zero stars for the rest.There are no decent extras on the DVD . The only extra was a group of trailers for upcoming DVD releases . One trailer was advertising that Warner was releasing alot of Superman DVDs . This one was cool because you got glimpses of Superman through the years . The rest were weak trailers for movies such as a pirate Scooby release.AS TO THE MOVIE :1 . The plot was thin and weak and full of holes .2 . There was little continuity from Superman
 You know who you are . You are the kind of person who is going to buy DVDs related to to Bruce Timm 's DC Animated Universe to have a complete collection of everything DCAU . Here are some questions that completists who have not seen Superman
 Unlike previous reviewers , I have actually gotten to see this mess , and let me just say that it is truly a disgrace to Superman
 Not to jump on the band-wagon here , but I would have to agree with the other reviewers . Had I purchased this instead of waiting for the `` free view '' on Cartoon Network I would be of all men , most miserable . I absolutely love Batman , Batman Beyond , Superman and Justice League and this production was a huge disappointment . The Luthor and Braniac voices were awful ... the story was weak ... buy the second season of Justice League instead .
 I 've got to agree with other reviewers on how bad this is.It 's so bad I feel compelled to write my first review just to warn people away!Like so many others here , I enjoy `` Batman
 I hate to have to agree with many of the other reviewers , but , upon adding this film to my Superman : The Animated Series collection , all that worked for me was the ACTION , the return of original voice talents of TIM DALY and DANA DELANY , and the fact that this marks the 1st Superman animated movies . The action was there , however , Duane Capizzi does an even bigger hatchet job on Superman via the storyline than he did on The Batman series ... Lex Luthor cracking jokes ? Braniac showing a sense of emotion ? Get real ? Powers Boothe , known for his portrayal of Jim Jones in the Guyana Tragedy , would 've made a perfect replacement as Lex Luthor had it not been for the mediocre sense of humor ... Boothe was abused in my opinion , and Lance Henriksen would 've been perfect for any role but Braniac 's ... the original voice talent reminded me of Mr. Freeze from the 90 's Batman series ... cold , calloused , calculated , no emtions , etc. . . Braniac , in this film was laughing . No way.To make a long story short , this one 's only for die hard fans of Superman vol . 1-3 and for completists like myself . Otheriwse , you may want to rent this one first . A better investment would be Superman : The Animated Series vol 1-3 , Justice League , The Complete Classic Superman -LRB- 1940 's -RRB- or even The Tick vs Season One for that matter .
 True it does n't have the same DBZ kind of action that is fluent in the new series `` THE Batman '' -LRB- thank god -RRB- , it still lacks the 2 things I always enjoyed in a Superman Cartoon
 I picked this up before reading the reviews -LRB- big mistake ! -RRB- because the Superman TAS and Justice League series have been so strong . I have since read some of the other reviews , and I agree with the criticism this `` movie '' has received . I just want to make a few points in the hopes that some of you will avoid my mistake . * The voice acting was TERRIBLE . As was noted earlier , Superman and Lois are voiced by Tim Daly and Dana Delany , but Lex sounds terrible ! * The plot and dialog are possibly the worst I 've ever seen in an animated series -- and I 've seen real winners like `` Pokemon '' and `` Pac-Man '' . This , combined with the recasting of key voices , the overall effect makes a viewer think that the show is n't actually part of the Batman/Superman/JL continuity . Put more bluntly , this is so bad , you do n't think you 're actually watching Superman -- it feels like you 're actually watching some kid 's animation project . * Nothing new is introduced , and nothing changes with the character . I thought about this for a long time , and this story lacks any dialog or plot elements that would place it in any kind of sequence with the other stories . We do n't see any critters in Superman 's Fortress of Solitude . Lex Luthor makes no references to his relationship with Brainiac . Lois ' remarks about Superman do n't indicate how close she 's been with him . -LRB- WARNING
 Let me start by saying . . that the meter would n't let me give it Bullets . This thing is n't worthy of 1 star . It 's worthy of 5 Bullets , and that really is n't enough . The title alone should tell you how bad this thing is . They could n't even think up something catchy , no . . we get the amazingly bad title `` Brainiac Attacks '' . Maybe someone thought this was a cute spoof on `` Mars Attacks ! '' Someone get some monkeys with typewriters . One of them 's bound to come up with something better than `` Brainiac Attacks . `` This movie has NO redeeming qualities whatsoever . The acting is attrocious . Lex acts like a complete dork , Brainiac shows . . EMOTION ???? Superman acts like the worst aspects of Terry -LRB- from Batman Beyond -RRB- . He even steals one of Terry 's lines from Justice League -LRB- Epilouge -RRB- When he questions telling Dana that he is Batman , and Amanda Waller basically yells at him about it . The whole bit about putting her in danger yada yada . This is a complete rehash from that episode , except JLU was better done.The lack of Bruce Timm 's influence shows in this horrible creation that should be burned rather than be released to the public . The storyline makes little to no sense , the characters do n't remotely follow the established DCU cartoon formulas or personalities.First off the timeline does n't match up with anything . I guess this occurs somewhere between the end of TAS and the beginning of JLU but it 's hard to say since there 's no real matchups anywhere.Secondly the characters . . yeah it 's better if I just compare them to their TAS counterparts.Lex - Corperate joker as opposed to Hard Nosed , No Nonsense , Businessman who can weasel his way out of anything . The mistake this Lex makes in the end the REAL Lex would have NEVER made . Nor would Lex in the presumed timeline -LRB- ie before JLU -RRB- ever put himself in danger or be concerned that the military might not like his weapons designs . I mean come on . . this is primarily what Lexcorp does . . Mercy - Goes from hard edged , highly intelligent bodyguard who does n't take crap off anyone -LRB- even Lex -RRB- to bad rendition of Harley Quinn.Brainiac - Oh dear lord . Brainiac engaging in Combat Banter ? Who the heck is he The Joker ? Someone call Mark Hamill he 's going to be voicing Jokeiac now . With such classic lines as `` I 've got Brawn to go with my brains now '' Brainiac goes from soulless emotionless source of evil to second rate thug in a robot shell . Spider-Man does quippish combat dialog , not Brainiac.Other little things bugged me like , oh Brainiac is n't the core of the Fortress of Solitude , like part of him is in TAS and JLU.Brainiac should already possess all the knowledge of Krypton . In the established continuity he harasses Superman with the fact that he 's the only other survivor of Krypton . Why does he need all this knowledge again?Another thing . . Brainiac calls him Kal-El not The Son of Krypton.The Phantom Zone . . Umm . . how exactly does Superman get in there without a projector ? Since when could he just randomly open portals into the Phantom Zone?If the fans can remember continuity SURELY the writers of this dreck could have bothered to do something that resembles research and at least made us feel like they were trying ? Hmm ? Too much to ask apparently.Jimmy thinking Mercy is hot ? Well sure she is . . but . . when exactly did Jimmy develop a crush on her . . and how exactly did when he was shown snapping a photo of Lex with Brainiac in his hand -LRB- Lex is slicker than that by the way , not this 2 bit Con Artist crap they were doing with him -RRB- did this photo fail to appear in Jimmy 's pile?Mercy 's stockings randomly disappearing . At least I assume that 's what that shading on her legs that kept randomly disappearing was supposed to be , and she did wear black -LRB- grey ? -RRB- stockings in TAS so I presume that 's what that was supposed to be.The dialouge . . oh god . . the dialouge . YEE GODS I 've heard better dialouge in the 1920 's versions of Superman.The animation was jerky , clipped , and while it met with the basics of the style of the old TAS series , you could see where there was clear and evident further devolving in the quality from the TAS series . In both shape of the characters who are blockier than ever , and the smoothness of the animation which was about as smooth as a pothole laden backstreet in that part of town you do n't want to go to anyway.Anyway I digress the DVD this thing is on is n't worth replacing your free AOL disc as a coaster . -LRB- At least that was free -RRB- . Show DC Studios that we wo n't accept this sort of paltry nonsense from them and DO NOT BUY THIS DVD . If you 're a true fan of the TAS series , you 're doing yourself a favor .
 There is nothing about this movie that is even close to average , the storyline maybe . Someone else was cast as the voice of Lex Luthor and Brainiac , and it really stands out in a negative way . Lex Luthor is a bumbling buffoon , with terrible lines , horribly written . The animation is off , not terrible but different . This animated film from top to bottom is just plain bad . Save yourself the money and time . This is worse that Joel Schumacher 's Batman & Robin bad .
 For anyone who ever enjoyed Batman TAS , and Superman TAS , and is now considering purchasing this movie , I offer the following for your own consideration : Braniac
 For some reason they replaced Clancy Brown as the voice of Lex Luthor and that , coupled with the changes to his character , turned out to be a disaster . Instead of a cool collective billionaire genius Luthor , you have babbling idiot Luthor who grates with every word that he speaks . On the positive side Jimmy loses the mullet and some of the animation -LRB- particularly the sky -RRB- is improved from the TV series .
 if you are a diehard fanatic of all things DC Heroes and the `` animated '' style of DC Characters as done by Bruce Timm , in such great shows as `` Batman
 Thanks guys for letting me know this is n't really Bruce Timm 's Superman . I was really excited , but if it really is n't a continuation of the Superman The Animated Series and just Warner Brothers trying to make a quick buck at the expense of fans , then as much as it pains me , I 'm going to have to avoid this . Thanks for the heads up ! You saved me some money and 75 minutes of my life ! I do n't understand why if the studio is going to go to the trouble and expense of making this , why they would n't want to please the fans ...
 Oh wow . This one just stunned me . I enjoyed the Superman Animated Series but I always felt it was one of the weaker DC animated series . I think that most people would expect that a movie would be of higher quality than the television show but then most people would be incorrect . Brainiac Attacks is sort of a perfect storm of badness that combines horrible voice acting , lousy scripting , sub par animation and a lifeless plot . At the eye of the garbage storm sits the single worst portrayal of Lex Luthor ever in any media . Supposedly the movie takes place in a slightly different universe than the animated series and apparently in this universe Luthor is a worthless buffoon . I 've actually never been a huge fan of Clancy Brown 's voice acting in the animated series but Powers Boothe 's irritating whine made me long for Brown 's lower , more dignified vocal tone . Powers Boothe did the voice work for the Ultra Humanite in Justice League Unlimited and seemed fine but here it 's just awful . When you combine Luthor 's completely inappropriate voice with the terrible dialogue it just becomes painful . Who in there right mind thought that Luthor would say things like , `` yadda , yadda , yadda '' or `` break out the tiki torches '' or call Brainiac `` Brainy Babe '' ? Brainiac is also left to suffer . I was always a big fan of Brainiac 's voice in the Challenge of the Superfriends with his flat , emotionless tone . Here they decided to go with a name actor , Lance Hendrikson , and give Brainiac a little more character . After Luthor builds Brainiac a new shell , Brainiac says to Superman , `` I 've been keeping pace with current trends in technology '' uh huh . Also , the three connected dots on his forehead light up one at a time making a sound like a pinball machine stripping away his last shred of dignity.I have to admit that this movie does sometimes reach the level of so bad it 's good . My favorite part was after Superman and Lois get blasted with Brainiac 's Kryptonite pulse beam and for some strange reason get raccoon eyes . I guess it 's supposed to show that the Kryptonite is having an affect on their bodies but for quite a bit of the movie they have raccoon eyes and when Superman changes to Clark he still has the raccoon eyes . I could n't help but laugh at how ridiculous they looked . This is like the worst episode of Superman TAS except triple length . The only way this one could be enjoyed is with copious amounts of alcohol which means it 's inappropriate for kids . Do not spend one dime on this .
 Apparently set outside the DCAU , we find Superman/Clark Kent contemplating revealing himself to Lois Lane , the woman he loves , but things are thrown off when Brainiac and Lex Luthor get involved , resulting in alien sicknesses , a quest for the cure in the Phantom Zone , and a big fight between Superman and a giant Brainiac robot.Sound compelling ? Well , I 'm afraid it is n't . Poor dialogue and childish storytelling make this an embarrassment to the characters and fans everywhere . I guess this is what happens when Bruce Timm and Paul Dini are n't in charge . Lance Henriksen subs for Corey Burton as Brainiac , and he throws out a decent voice for it , but he also sounds out of place , while Powers Boothe subs for Clancy Brown as Lex Luthor and sadly he does a horrible job with it , playing Luthor more like a campy 60s Batman villain than the charming scheming brute Brown made him -LRB- Boothe also voiced , more effectively , Gorilla Grodd on Justice League -RRB- . Tim Daly comes back as the voice of Superman -LRB- having had missed out on Justice League due to the short lived Fugitive remake , requiring George Newbern to replace him -RRB- and he still throws out a good Superman voice , but everything around , except for Dana Delany as Lois Lane , is very poor . Still , the fight between Superman and the giant Kong sized Brainiac was fun to watch , moreso than anything in Bryan Singer 's bloated `` Superman Returns '' . It 's too bad they did n't use this as a chance to bridge the gap between the criminally underrated `` Superman
 As many other people thought , I had expected this would be a continuation of the outstanding `` Superman
 I honestly could n't watch more than fifteen minutes of this train wreck . The writing is terrible to the point of nausea , and Lex , Lois , and Braniac are so far out of their established characters that it is n't funny . And I mean that literally , since the writer seems to be trying to play them for laughs.Had I seen this on Cartoon Network before purchasing it -LRB- I 'd pre-ordered it the day I 'd heard about it , months ago , based on the strength of the original series and Justice League -RRB- , I 'd have never wasted my money .
 I wish I had known Superman
 I love the Superman and Batman Animated Series . They are well written and geared for adult fans also . This movie is horrible ! Lex Luthor acts like he should be on Pokeman ! -LRB- and I HATE anything that has to do with Pokeman ! -RRB- . Neurotic and moronic ! Powers Boothe is the voice for Lex instead of Clancy Brown . Powers needs to stay in Deadwood and NOT in Metropolis -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- ! Do not buy this movie ! Dont even watch it on TV for free !
 This is very much a child 's dvd . It has nothing to do with previous Warner Animation series starring Superman . It is not from the Paul Dini team , and is n't going to hold the interest of anyone over the age of 7 . Buy it for the kids , just do n't watch it with them .
 Simply put this movie was horrible . The voice acting was bad espeically for luthor , mercy and brainiac . The dialogue was horrible . Lex line of I 'm so happy . . no wait I sad made me nearly want to turn it off and throw it away . The story itself actually was n't that bad and the fight scenes were okay I guess but , the voice acting and dialgue were patheitcally bad that it made it just a very horrible movie .
 Superman
 I did see it on Cartoon Network . The plot was ridiculous . THe characters were like overgrown children . Lex Luther acted like a silly teddy bear and the others were n't much better at all . I could n't stand Lex 's child-like voice . The dialogue was silly at best . It was really bad.Don ' t waste your money on this trash .
 If you are fan of the animated Superman this is n't for you . I hated how they turned Lex Luthor into an idiot and the animation was worst than the last season of Justice League Unlimited . This story did n't fit into the continuity of any of the Superman or Justice League worlds and it really was horrible to watch . I got to see this for free on Cartoon Networks and thank God , it saved me a from buying this sight unseen . Wow !!! WB is really trying to destroy one of their francises for some quick cash . Save your time and money and just buy the first season of the Superman Animated Series instead . I do n't have high hopes for the Superman Movie as well .
 Storyline
 After reading all the hype about how bad this film was , I decided to buy it at a discounted price at a local video store.The story itself is actually not that bad ! From what I understand , it was actually worse than what we know before last minute changes were made . While it was a good call to get Tim Daly back as Superman and Dana Delany as Lois Lane , it still was n't enough to improve the movie.Got to agree with the other reviewers on Lex Luthor ! Whoever wrote his characterization for this flick made him more like the Lex Luthor from the Christopher Reeve films and not the one we 've grown accustomed too in the animated versions . Luthor was just a goofball and was n't menacing . That alone is what gets my low marks for this film . Also , whoever voiced Braniac -LRB- while not bad -RRB- just did n't hit the mark for me.Overall , it was n't a total loss and I have seen worse but I have to give this one a thumbs down . Even THE BATMAN Vs. Dracula was better than this ! That statement alone should give you an idea of how low this film is . I 'd recommend this one only as a rental or buy at a reduced price .
 Tim Daly returns as the voice of Clark/Superman -- the only good news for this entire movie . The loss of Clancy for Lex Luthor was bad enough , but to make him a campy comic relief that 's not worthy of a 6 year old 's sense of humor adds insult to injury . DO NOT BUY THIS ! I would n't even rent it . If Curt Geda has any sense at all , he 'd drop this new line/direction they 're trying to take Superman Animated and stick with what worked . They have n't targeted a fickle kid audience , so give up on the changes and for the love of god , look back at what you 've done and at least bring back the theme music used before !!!! Curt Geda , if you ever see these reviews , this was the greatest disappontment I 've ever experienced in the Superman genre .
 Superman can be a very difficult character to work with . He 's so intrinsically powerful that it 's critical to give him villains that can give him a credible run for his money.One of the reasons that Lex Luthor is such a popular villain is that his intellect is up to the challenge of threatening Superman . Sadly , in this version , Lex is basically a buffoon who makes one idiotic choice after another and whose function is to basically be the subject of an extended humiliation conga.Likewise , Brainiac is threatening because he 's adaptable and relentlessly logical . This Braniac , by contrast , is basically a stock villain who chews the scenery with his dialog as much as with his robotic manipulators.The story is , sadly , limp . It 's not unwatchable but it 's also not in the least bit inspired . Considering that it went out of its way to look like a S : tAS production , the lack of a decent plot is a serious disappointment.On the plus side , there is some decent dialog between Superman and Lois Lane and Jimmy Olsen gets a few moments to shine , so that bumps it up a star . That said , there 's just no good reason to buy this .
 Contrary to what a kindly old grandfather or someone from North Hollywood thinks , the reason fans are so vitriolic about this movie has nothing to do with wanting it to `` adhere to some strict code of Superman mythology arcana . '' They take easy pot shots at the fans and miss the point -- Bruce Timm and company set a very high standard with the Batman , Superman , and Justice League animated series , and this movie is nowhere near that standard.As 99 % of the posts have mentioned , the script is so bad it 's insulting . The Bruce Timm series worked at an all ages level , while as for this movie I would n't recommend it to anyone over 4 years old . It 's not just a slap in the face to the fans - let 's look at this objectively - it 's a slap to anyone with an ounce of intelligence . A bad script coupled with inconsistant animation easily defeats Superman here.To level set my review
 I wo n't reiterate the opinions of the previous one-star review , which was dead on in every sense . I have a bit of venting of my own to add though.I am a huge fan of Bruce Timm 's work , and when I sat down to watch my advance copy of this DVD , I just assumed from the animation style that this was another of his works . After about 10 minutes of listening to the horrible dialogue , I had to look at the cover in order to discover that it was instead the product of the writer of the garbage `` The Batman '' series.Tim Daly 's voice being back is the one saving grace of this film . The animation is good , but nothing better than Superman : TAS when it was on -LRB- recent seasons of JLU have refined the animation techniques and been better -RRB- . Lance Henrickson and Powers Boothe are good voice actors , but do n't fit for Brainiac and Luthor respectively -LRB- I kept wondering why Grodd 's voice was coming out of Luthor 's mouth -RRB- . These complaints would n't be that bad though if it was n't for the horrible story -LRB- using the term `` story '' loosely -RRB- , and horrendous dialogue . The story does n't even fit into the chronology of Superman
 Superman The Animated Series was a spectacular show that took many ideas from the Superman mythos and added a whole new spin to them . Paul Dini and Co. put together a terrific show that featured a great cast , fantastic stories with both familiar and new villians , and gave us a series that immediately took a special place in our hearts . Tim Daily voiced Superman , while known actor Clancy Brown gave us an incredible aristocratic sinister Lex Luthor . Then , in 1998 , Superman TAS came to an end with the epic series finale , `` Legacy . '' Superman would then appear in the Batman Beyond episode , `` The Call , '' which featured a futuristic version of the Justice League , which then lead into Justice League and Justice League Unlimited , which just finished up . A few months ago , in getting ready for Superman Returns , WB announced they were bringing our animated boy scout back with his first animated direct to video feature . It was an exciting announcement to hear , but now , after seeing the movie , WHAT THE HELL WERE THEY DOING ??!! The plot was terrible , if that is what you could call it . The music was average , the dialog was attrocious , and my god , the voice acting felt like it came from some 80s anime dub . First off , Luthor is voiced by Powers Boothe instead of Clancy Brown , and boy , how terrible he was . Powers played Gorilla Grodd in Justice League , but for some reason , he sounds more like some low rank amateur in the voice acting department here . Luthor was already out of character the moment the movie started , but this guy made Luthor sound more like a fool than a villian . Next up is Brainiac , who also had a new voice actor -LRB- Bishop from Aliens -RRB- , and Lance seemed like he was trying to sound like the Manhunters from JL rather Brainiac , and he was even worse than Luthor in the acting department . In fact , the only characters that did n't seem to have new voices were Superman -LRB- Tim Daily is back , but he must have left his skills with Legacy -RRB- , Lois , Perry , and the Kents . Jimmy sounds similar , but Mercy sounds like some dumb blonde out of California.The movie did have its good points , like the scenes that did not have Luthor or Brainiac in it , of course , that was probably maybe a good 15-20 minutes total , if that.Overall , this movie is just plain out bad . Were they even trying to put a story together , or did WB just want some junk put out in time for Returns ? I do n't know . If this is where the DC universe is headed now that JLU is over , then I am quite pleased it is done . I can not give this movie anything more than a 2/5 stars , and that is being kind to it.Oh , and the special features are just a bunch of trailers .
 It sucks . There , I said it . Nevermind the change in voice acting for the villains , or the inconsistencies with the beloved animated shows that inspired it , or that it does n't seem to fit anywhere in the time line of Superman
 This was very disappointing . I 've followed the previous animated series over the years and enjoyed the rich continuity developed within them . This animated movie fairly ignores previous continuity and creates a whole new reality of its own . I 'll agree with many other reviewers about the negatives on this movie , so I 'll say simply this . Before you buy this movie -LRB- even to get the free movie pass -RRB- , rent it and decide for yourself . I spent the full price and was very disappointed . See what you think for yourself .
 I agree with most of the other reviews , but for different reasons . Like them , I was `` fortunate '' enough to catch this on Cartoon Network before its DVD release , so that I could save my hard-earned money . WB made a big mistake with this film , and an even BIGGER one -LRB- for them , but fortunately not for us -RRB- by premiering it on Cartoon Network before the DVD release , because it allowed us to preview it for free and save our cash.Like most , I was excited by the possibilities of a new Superman animated movie , since Superman TAS was SO good , and since Tim Daly and Dana Delaney were back . I was even willing to forgive the recast of the villains ' voices , as George Newburn did a nice job of voicing Supes in the Justice League Animated Series , so I figured that the new voices would be at least comparable . While I ca n't fault the new actors ' talent , I can certainly fault the material and characters they were given . It seems as if the creators suddenly came down with amnesia and forgot EVERYTHING they had established in TAS.Now , here , unlike the previous reviewers , I can forgive the villainous ACTORS for their portrayals , as it was the CHARACTERS and the writing that were so atrocious , and not the actors themselves that were bad , as they were most likely performing as directed with the material they were given . For some reason , the creators of this movie completely ignored the Luthor and Brainiac characterizations established in TAS . Luthor is no longer an in-control , schemimg billioinaire , but a goofball jokester . You wonder how he could ever control a business empire , let alone build one . Mercy now comes across as a Harley Quinnesque sidekick rather than an all-business , tough-as-nails bodyguard with a soft spot for her boss.But , for me , the worst , most unforgivable lapse the creators perpetrated was that they seem to have forgotten their original premise that Brainiac WAS Kryptonian and that Krypton was the first planet whose data he had ever collected . These innovations deepened his relationship to Kal-El and gave their battles a much deeper significance . By ignoring this original premise , the movie simply could n't fit into the mythos they had originally established . This created a ripple effect that essentially ruined what might have been a decent enough film , even with the bad characterizations and dialogue , as the film did FINALLY attempt to give us a bit of the Clark/Superman/Lois triangle that was the ONLY thing lacking from TAS , IMHO.If they could have found a way to tell THAT part of the story , while keeping the original characterizations of their villians AND their memories of what they had told in Superman
 I was fortunate enough to see this flick on cartoon network . I say fortunate because I was actually thinking about buying it on its release date . Now I know not to . Right off the bat I 'll say this
 -LRB- From an extended feature , copyright 2006 Michael F. Hopkins -RRB- Did Hanna & Barbera sneak in the side door ? Is AdamWest trying his hand at animation ? This tepid , tactlesspiece of kidvid sure looks it . Direction is almostnon-existent , and whatever story may exist is killedamidst poor scripting and questionable performancesby some of the finest voices in the actingcommunity.Clancy Brown and Corey Burton do not reprise theirsuperb performances as Lex Luthor and Brainiac here , and the wannabe Gilbert & Sullivan lines choked outof their replacements give the hapless viewer a clearreason why.When Tim Daly and Dana Delaney , the exceptional talentswho led the excellence of Warner 's animated SUPERMANthrough the 1990s , ca n't get to first base amidst allthe verbal mugging called for in this cornfest , youknow something 's very , very wrong.Sorely lacking the drama and depth which distinguishedSUPERMAN
 I do not consider this movie to be part the Bruce Timm DCAU . It was sub-par and all around lame . While many reviewers have mentioned the poor voice acting I was most irked by the weak plot and bad characterizations . Lex Luthor and Brainiac were pathetically one dimensional and generally poorly acted . This movie was an oppurtunity to shoar up some the loose ends from the JLU series , but sadly this oppurtunity was missed . The poor directing , anemic plot and bad acting have made this movie both a waste of time and money.While small children may be entertained by this movie they wont want to watch it twice . Some childrens movies have subtext and characters developed enough to stay with children so that they get more out the movie with each viewing . My high expectations of DC animation were sadly disappointed.I suspect that Bruce Timm made sure that his name was kept as far away from this pathetic sick-fest as possible .
 the worst superman story ever . lex luthor comes across as a whining baby not one of the greatest supervillians ever . the dialogue was atrocious . not worth the movie pass for the upcoming superman returns movie that comes with the dvd .
 Brainiac Attacks is all about the fight scenes . You 'd expect this from a movie with Attacks in the title , but really , a lot of really ridiculous fighting . Brainiac arrives on Earth , fights Superman , Lex Luthor gets involved , and ... That 's pretty much it . There 's one or two emotional moments where Lois is poisoned and Superman has to travel to the Phantom Zone to harvest a cure . But even this interesting subplot fails to meet its potential . Brainiac basically follows the `` Power Rangers '' formula where near the end he adds on pieces until he 's just a massive tank-thing . Not quite the intelligent Brainiac I 'm used to seeing . Oh yeah , and the thrilling dialog like Lex Luthor saying `` Super Duper Man '' . Okay , setting my harsh feelings aside , it 's probably worth seeing once and a fun -LRB- but disappointing -RRB- watch if you liked the Superman Animated Series .
 This is for sure the WORST DC animated movie ever released . How can they take the designs from Superman The Animated Series to make this movie is a complete lack of respect for that animated series . This movie is not worth it in any sense at all . The voices , the acting , the plot , the fights . The list could go on and on . This movie was made to get more cash because Superman returns . Thats the ONLY reason they would dare to produce this pile of crap . What a letdown . After so much years waiting for a Superman Animated movie they come up with this . Dont spend your money on this , it doesnt deserve it AT ALL . Get Superman The Animated Series Volumes 1 , 2 or 3 instead . Or you can go big time with JUSTICE LEAGUE SEASON 2 , coming out along with this nonse sense movie .
 What bothered me most about Superman
 Worst - Superman - movie - ever ... I am a huge fan of the Superman cartoons that came out in the 90 's , but this was so terrible , I do n't know where to begin.Voiceovers - awful -LRB- ok Tim Daly came back to do Superman and he did his usual good job , but he must have been crying while he was reading the words ... -RRB- Storyline - except for the fact that it was Brainiac -LRB- a great Superman villian -RRB- the storyline was terrible!Script - Very wooden , hacked together . Did they take something that someone submitted for free ? Someone forget to hire writers?What a shame . The Superman cartoons were so well done and the last season was outstanding - and then to get this . I would n't want my name on this film - anywhere .
 Voice of Lex , Mercy , Braniac we 're different . Dialogue was campy and uninteresting . Sound effects were not same or as high quality as the series . AND THE STORY WAS N'T WORTH MY TIME MUCH LESS MY MONEY . How can the creators of such a great series put out such TRASH !
 I really do n't have much to add to the comments of previous posters . I agree with pretty much everything already stated in regards to complaints about the movie . I actually did n't believe it could be so bad , and kept watching assuming I was missing something , or they 'd explain away why Luthor and Brainiac were acting so ridiculous -LRB- Luthor - `` I 'm sad that my satellite is destroying Superman . No wait , I 'm glad ! '' Ugh ! -RRB- , but nothing ever came of it.However , I would like to add that my six-year-old son grew bored with the movie after about 15 minutes . Even in the middle of an battle with Brainiac , he just got up and walked away . So if you 're looking for something for the younger kids , I 'd advice you to keep looking .
 As a fan of the superman tv series -LRB- as well as batman the animated series and justice league -RRB- I have to say that this crap is totally unacceptable . I was planning to buy this to watch it , but lucilyI got to see it on Cartoon Network first before I wasted my money . It was totally unwatchable . The animation is horrible , the storyline is flat and boring , and the dialogue is mind-numbing . If you want to watch superman , go buy the superman tv series dvds or justice league dvds .
 If you are even a casual fan of Superman
 Superman Brainiac Attacks seems like a left over three part Superman the animated series . The problem with this supposed made for video movie is it has that left over feel.Tim Daly again verbally dons the cape as Superman . The problem is his vocals seem tired and washed out . Lois , as voiced by Dana Delany , has very little to do , which is wrong.The plot involving Brainiac getting help from Luthor . Greedy and self absorbed Luthor wanting to be a hero like Superman . A Phantom Zone sub plot . And of course Brainiac wanting to take over Earth , while Superman is in the Phantom Zone ... did you get all that ? If you did , you are at the head of the learning curve ... Now try to watch it in a cartoon version ... NOT A GOOD THINGThe animation is standard TV animation , so it is not that special or worthy of a made for DVD presentation . However if you a fan of the animated Superman series , buy this to complete your collectionBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 Unbelievable , I 'm about 2 minutes in and I already hate it . Was Clancy Brown too busy taping his useless Lost cameos to voice Luthor ? As a fan of JLU , my first thoughts were `` Why is Lex voiced by Grodd ? '' It reminded me of a Krypto episode , which might be fine for kids , but even this was nauseatingly worse than that show . The DVD ... -LRB- Wait , I 'm shutting it off , I might throw up too -RRB- ... Should have had a disclaimer - Not for fans of Superman
 Okay-First of all , I rented this before I read any reviews on it . Thank God for that ! I would have been extremely irritated to have actually spent full price for this excuse of the Man of Steel . Being a huge die hard fan of Batman
 The animated Superman series was a criminally underrated cartoon that never achieved the popularlity of the smashing animated Batman series before it , so naturally a new and original animated film would be more than welcome , but nothing will prepare you for just how unbelievably bad this is . Superman
 I see a reviewer said : `` Quite possibly the single worst animated film of all time `` All I can say is , he liked it a LOT more than I did !!! Tim Daly is back as Superman , and that 's all the good news there is.It does n't look like any of the creative team behind the real shows worked on this mess at all.Even the opening titles are an embarrassment . They do n't even use the theme song . Luthor , Brainiac , Mercy , and -LRB- I think -RRB- Perry have had voice replacements , and lousy ones . Luthor is a -LRB- badly animated -RRB- buffoon . The big fights are idiotic ; Superman smashes the Braniac robot into skyscrapers all over Metropolis , clearly killing hundreds of people in the process.And it has really really really really long slow end credits , apparently to pad out it 's meager running time .
 If you 've ever watched and enjoyed Superman in any animated form , stay away from this embarassment ! I heard negative buzz before I watched this , but I kept an open mind thinking `` It ca n't be as bad as they 're saying . Probably just the fan-boys whining . '' After watching Brianiac Attacks , I can say honestly say that `` It IS that bad '' . I could write pages on its shortcomings , but there would n't be much point . If you really need a Superman fix , buy Superman I or II , the Animated Series , Justice League or Smallville . Whatever you do , just do n't go within 100 miles of Brianiac Attacks .
 I saw this movie on Cartoon Network not too long ago and I have to say that I am glad I saw it before I purchased it . This movie is worse than Superman3 and 4 combined . If I could rate it 0 I would . As the other reviews state the voice acting is attrocious Lex , Brainiac , and even Mercy had terrible voice acting . The actors were way out of character and none of the previous relationships between the characters from previous series Superman TAS and Justice League were even mentioned . Overall if you must see it try to rent it . DO NOT BUY THIS !!! For small children I guess it 's ok but you should get Superman TAS or Justice League for them instead .
 Hi , This is a great Russian movie made in Soviet Union times in the 1950s -LRB- do not know exact date -RRB- . Because of the political climate in those times , between then Soviet Union and US this beautiful traditional Russian fairy tale was absolutely butchered by American censorship . In the original movie there is no narrator - it was all made up here in the US , The names of the characters are completely twisted and sound middle eastern then they were suppose to be Russian . For example Sinbad is not Sinbad but SADKO , the Lubomirova or whatever the hell this name is ... is Lubov and so on and so forth ... I purchased this movie as a download but the graphics are terrible and I just can not stand this propagandistic narration of the American actor . The Russian version does not have such strong political undertones as it was presented by censorship here for the US audience by US censorship.If you are interested in purchasing the movie I would purchase it as a DVD with English subtitles or dubbing from the company called RUSCICO , and watch it in that way . It is really a shame that back then in the 50s this was so twisted even a Russian would have a hard time recognizing it.Oh well ...
 ... but do n't count it out entirely . There are way too many gags in this movie that turn out to be simply pathetic rather than funny . The saxophone player , the football toss scene in the courtroom , the sex scene , believe me there are plenty of them . So many I ca n't name . Bottom line is , this film is funniest when it is n't trying to be . For a so-called comedy I do n't know if that 's good or bad . Anyway this film tries to be funny like Naked Gun but it falls terribly short . Armand Assante -LRB- one of the most gorgeous guys on the planet -RRB- is not a funny person at all . And I say that without prejudice because I am a big fan of his ... just not as a comedian . He has no funny bone in his body . It was like watching Al Capone do stupid pet tricks -LRB- it just did n't work -RRB- . Sherilyn Fenn was wasted . Kate Nelligan tried too hard to be funny . You ca n't go from being a serious actress for twenty years then do a comedy to revive your career . It does n't work that way . Sean Young was the funniest of them all but she had less to do . The plot went here there and everywhere . Just because the film is a spoof does n't mean it can break plot laws . It should still stick to one plot and one only . Even Naked Gun stuck to a plot . There were just too many jokes -LRB- bad jokes -RRB- in this film . Just too many . Every scene did n't have to have a gag . I felt Carl Reiner thought he needed to remind the audience not to take the film too seriously . He screwed up throwing in all those unnecessary jokes . Believe me ... there were just too many ! Every single second a gag was going on . If you 're easily bored by wannabe comedy like me then twenty minutes into this will have you yawning like you sucked in laughing gas . I ca n't tell you not to watch this or not . It 's up to you . It 's okay to watch once , but the film tries too hard to be funny and that 's its downfall . It needed to come naturally . After the first thirty minutes it kept getting sillier . Also I think Leslie Nielson should have been cast as Ned Revine . Armand Assante sucks as a comedian . Oh , what more can I say ? No wonder I had n't remembered this film in eleven years . God has it been that long already ?
 No , thanks . The commentary and outtakes are a perfect addition , but the film 's being in awful full screen format ruins it immediately . I 'll wait for a real , widescreen version , even if it 's without the extras .
 I cant for the life of me work out how this film has gotten such good reviews ? I love these slap stick kind of movies . But compared to the rest I 've seen this Fatal Instinct holds no torch.I had never heard of this film till I saw it in the cheapie bin of a DVD clearence pile and upon reading it was a slapstick comedy I thought it was going to be a barrel of laughs like simmaler movies . I was wrong . It started off ok , but the more it went along , the less funnier it got . It didnt have anything I would consider to be lasting quality either.I give it 2 stars because it had a couple of bits I did laugh at , but this film could have been so much better.I 'd rather recomend instead of this movie ... - Kentucky Fried Movie - Airplane 1 & 2 / Flying High 1 & 2 - Naked Gun 1 , 2 & 3 - Repossessed - Silence Of The Hams - Spaceballs - HotShots 1 & 2 - Scary Movie - Anything by Monty Python
 This DVD was shipped from U.K. ???????? and would n't play on either of my players . Screen displayed messages `` Region Error '' , or '' Check Region Code '' . I emailed Amazon customer service and was told you could n't exchange item . I was told I could return it for credit , but shipping would probably cost more than the DVD cost . Besides , it was n't my mistake , it was yours . The only FAIR solution is for you to replace the DVD at your expense , and if you wish the defective one returned , furnish me a prepaid envelope.Please advise.Dale Davis
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . It is a total waste of a talented cast and my time to watch it . Anyone who does n't believe me , can have my copy for the cost of sending it to you . Not worth keeping in my collection , as I will never watch it again . One star rating is too generous .
 The film is well-intentioned , but David O'Malley is a lousy parody writer , cranking out jokes that make it seem like he was n't even trying to make the movie funny and Armand Assante -LRB- although he proves he 's good at comedy -RRB- is miscast . However , Sean Young , spouting a blond wig , is very attractive , sultry and hot in her role as seductive Lola Cain , and her character 's beauty alone makes the movie tolerable every time it comes on Comedy Central . Bill Wine summed this movie up when he said , `` Fatal Instinct is everything but funny . ''
 It is a rare occasion that I am disappointed enough to write a negative review but I feel compelled to do so.First , let me emphasize that my complaint is not with the content of the movie which is surprisingly faithful to the book . I 've owned ` Tim ' on VHS for many years and clearly understood that this version had not been digitally remastered or such . I expected the poor image quality , I simply wanted to be able to watch from a DVD rather than a videotape that was beginning to show its ' age.My issue with this DVD is that a pivotal , and I mean pivotal scene between Tim and Mary is completely left out of this version of the film ! I kept ` rewinding ' thinking I had somehow missed it but , no , it was not there.Should I complain so vocally over a $ 4.99 DVD ? Perhaps not , but for those of you who are fans of the movie and just looking for a more contemporary medium to view it in , do n't bother with this particular copy of ` Tim ' . In comparing the number of minutes on each of the ` Tim ' DVDs offered here it would appear that they are all likely missing that scene . I shall just have to try to extend the life of my poor worn out video tape for as long as I can , I suppose .
 This sounded like a great film . I love Gene Wilder and I am all for a film that will give the French Revolution a little levity . Humor can be a very memorable instructor . This film used cliches of Marie Antoinette and Louis XVI that were so incredibly overdone that they were silly , corny , and dull . Those were not the only characters to suffer from that treatment . There were also silly sexual innuendos , including some of S&M. ; The sad thing is that the plotline was great . It took a poor director , or direction , to pull off the whole thing so badly . It belongs to that class of films that are wannabes . It wannabe funny , entertaining , and clever . Instead it became dull and silly . The ending was supposed to be slapstick and ended up slapstuck instead . A shame really .
 Humor really has changed in films over the last few decades . If you like slapstick and pratfalls ; if you adored films like Robin Hood - Men in Tights or Yellowbeard , you will probably find this film uproarious . I remember seeing this film on TV when I was ten years old or so and thinking it was hilarious , and I 'm sure it would appeal to ten-year-olds today . But if you prefer smartly written and executed comedy , give this video the go-by , or rent it for cheap if you are still curious . It was hastily written and shot , and done on a low budget ; and it shows . There is a lot of filler stuff , mostly sight gags and ad-libs , some which work , some which do not and become tiresome -- rather a lot of scenes with French soldiers stumbling over each other . The only reasons that this is a mediocre movie and not a really really really bad film are because , -LRB- A -RRB- the cast is superb , and -LRB- B -RRB- they shot in beautiful , historic locations in and around Paris , and -LRB- C -RRB- had monies enough for unbridaled costumery.The DVD version of this video has few extra features , which is normal for older flicks . There is voice-over commentary provided by Gene Wilder , Bud Yorkin -LRB- producer/director -RRB- , and Donald Sutherland . Much of it is difficult to listen to , as is often the case when actors and directors are called upon to provide insight decades after the fact . Sadly , Gene Wilder 's commentary is flat and uninspiring . Bud Yorkin is the most verbose , and spends a good deal of the time talking about stuff that is de rigueur for production folks . Donald Sutherland 's contribution to the commentary is sparse , but charming and insightful , touching upon character portrayal and comedic acting .
 This is one for the golden turkey book . It bombed with critics when it first appeared because it is NOT funny . Each scene is simply embarrassing . If college kids treat it reverently these days , my guess is that they 're smoking the same stuff as the cast of this film must have been enjoying . And I purchased this because of the viewers ' comments ! This bears no resemblance to the later films of Gene Wilder -LRB- except the dreadful Silver Streak -RRB- . It 's also a waste of Donald Sutherland . And to think that Norman Lear lent his name to something this awful .
 CAPTAIN SCARLETT is a real turkey that was surely kiddie matinee material six decades ago.Here you have a princess '' disguised '' as a man in clingy shape-enhancing trousers that reveal what 's missing up front , and a satin blouse that does n't hide her naders too well . Capt. Scarlett is a hambone in red sash and cape who runs around defeating a half-dozen or more swordsmen with ease.The only good thing to arise from the Technicolor stinkcloud this one raised is star Greene 's collaboration with writer/producer Howard Dimsdale on theROBIN HOODTV show , another kidfest.Avoid at all costs ! . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 4.6 -RRB- Captain Scarlett -LRB- 1953 -RRB- - Richard Greene/Leonora Amar/Nedrick Young/Manuel F&aacute;bregas / Eduardo Noriega/Carlos M&uacute;zquiz / Isabel del Puerto/Jorge Trevi & ntilde ; o
 Christopher Reeve plays a stiff unfriendly jerk in the beginning of this movie . It shows the perils of flying , and one comes away with the idea that only idiots would endanger themselves by climbing ina biplane . The photagraphy is good , the scenery wonderful , the terrain is rugged , the acting is poor in my opinion . After the plane crashes the movie only has the two actors fighting with one another . They eventually decided to like each other , of course.It 's really not a great movie unless you like airplanes like I do .
 Based on a very good book from E.K. Gann , this movie is unfortunately of less quality . Good adventure movie anyway .
 If you had read the book , you would know how disappointing this movie is . Actually , reading the book now would show you what I mean.The ony commonality between movie and the book is that a mailplane crashed and had a passenger , but the passenger was a young child and it was n't the pilot who was injured . It is a great book . Ca n't say so much about the movie.Bare
 this follows the same quality of KND which means these kind of drawings were n't made for action sequences . Plus the storyline is completley stupid . The voice actiong is horrible and the action is stipid . Come on Butch , if yoou want to make an action cartoon , at least use comic book drawings that look real instead of unreal cartoons . If you want an action cartton , go buy a japenese cartoon or a movie , not these
 No they cant be the show is good but i hate this Dvd buy other Dvd than spongebob or rocket power Dvd
 These cartoons are designed to destroy childhood . The stories contain nothing of any value . The characters are carefully crafted to destroy your child 's ability to think , empathise , and imagine a world outside of their own . Hence we have a generation of children who are selfish , bratty , and unable to feel for others , and all helped along by Sponge Bob Squarepants , and rubbish like this.Whatever happened to decent children 's programmes ? Here 's a clue
 I originally thought that this DVD would include `` The Matrix '' movie and have additional commentary along with the scenes as an option . Actually this is what would normally be referred to as the second DVD in a collectors edition DVD set . This DVD should be labeled as `` THE MAKING OF THE MATRIX '' and in my opinion not worth what is being charged . If your a film buff or are just a Matrix Junky , then this is for you . If you are expecting more than a just another `` The Making Of '' DVD with a few ad 's for the upcoming parts of the trilogy , then forget it . Save your money . It 's worth a few bucks , but it 's not worth the as much as would be normally charged for the movie itself .
 It suxIt does n't even include the actual Matrix !!!! DONT BUY IT
 I just watched this drivel on hulu and I am so glad I did not pay for it . The photography was stunning and beautiful but almost every scene was at night or on a cloudy day . The dialogue was scarce - many minutes of characters walking thru the park or sitting by the ocean not saying anything . It was very boring in most parts . The hottest scenes were the lake scene where the 2 men briefly fool around in the water and the ocean/woods scene where Jasper jerks off his friend . Other than that do n't waste your time .
 I had been meaning to see this one for ages and now wish I still was ; I saw it as a rental whilst ` working from home ' today and on reflection I would rather be doing my actual work . This has to be thee most below average ` gay ' films I have ever seen.It is about a group of friends who went to High School together , Mark has always fancied Jasper but has come out and now lives with his ex girl friend , Lilly . They are going out to get wasted on Halloween and they are in San Francisco . Jasper tells the story of their big night out through a tediously mediocre email he is sending to his fianc&eacute;e - Wendy -LRB- the girl playing her phoned in her performance for the ending bit -RRB- . This he does whilst we get to see all of the non events unfold from the previous night and morning . The writer and director -LRB- Gabriel Fleming -RRB- does try to go for an atmospheric piece , but the story is so weak and action so elusive that it just becomes a strained montage of shots of trees , landscape and dark bits of a park . The music nearly works a couple of times but there is so little for it to build up to that it really is a forlorn hope.What action there is and this may be a ` plot spoiler ' but I think the writer already spoilt most of the plot any way . Sorry yes the action is fag hag losing it -LRB- I have got more angry at my toaster -RRB- , a gate crash of a dull party where the host tries to man ` pleasure ' Mark -LRB- Lucas Alifano - who is actually quite a good looking bloke -RRB- , and then a semi consensual pleasuring a bit later on and a dog fetching a stick out of the sea . I am making it sound better than it is and at 74 almost endless minutes you may want more than a couple of hand ` tussles ' and some dog exercise.If you want to see every ` gay ' film in the world then this should be somewhere near the back of your list , it is not the worst film ever it has some pretty ` stiff ' -LRB- oo err - playground pun -RRB- competition in that department , but it aint a keeper , maybe ok for a rental , but only if you are thinking about lots of voluntary visits to the kitchen/toilet/garden shed/anywhere not near the TV - sorry it is that poor .
 I do n't agree AT ALL with the previous reviewers . I hope that the `` creators '' of this disaster wo n't be able to perpetrate any further filmic disaster in their entire lifes ! This `` thing '' is a completely pointless , badly photographed and filmed , mediocre acted and awfully resolved film , and has been one of the hugest MISTAKES AND WORST expierences of my entire `` film buff '' life . On top of all , in my opinion ... apart from all the previously exposed it 's a `` HUGELY HOMOPHOBIC '' script . I wo n't spend any more second talking or thinking about this piece of ... -LRB- fill the dots yourselves -RRB- If you want to bore yourselves to death , go ahead .
 Gregory Peck is hopelessly miscast as F. Scott Fitzgerald , first because of his looks and second because of his presence which kind of leads back to his looks . The story just skims little of what we know about Fitzgerald 's life . What about Zelda , his wife ?
 I was excited to view Beloved Infidel.But when I received it , I found out that this was a Reg . 2 DVD ... which meant that I could not play it on my Blu-Ray . I had to return the DVD .
 This is not the first time that a wonderful show has turned the corner and gone off the path . The last Doctor is hard to replace so I did not expect someone to try to be him . The new doctor is a good actor and appears to read the lines with some energy , but he just is not into the role . He has no expressions what so ever . Many of these episodes involve monsters and those are not very good . When there is mostly people involved the Dr. and the stories are at least pleasant . His new side kick is a twenty something who looks 17 and adds little to the show . Once River Song shows up there is relief from the slow moving slog through a season long storyline . In my opinion the last 4 episodes are pretty good . THe first 9 not so much . When paying $ 60 plus for a season of a show why do we have to be subject to advertising that is hard to get around ? This season actually makes Torchwood seem like a better show .
 The sound did not work . I replaced it the sound still did not play on the second blue ray disk . I have used other blue ray discs on my player , they woked . Amazon has a bad batch of this title on this product .
 I bought last weeks episode through Amazon and had no problem but I could n't continue to watch this . The sound was terrible . Initially I tried just going back a few seconds every time that sound would start but after a couple of tries , it did n't work so I gave up . I 'll try to watch it from some other source .
 I dunno whats going on but I was looking forward to watching this and the sound is messed up if you play it online and if I download it it wo n't play it says unable to play !!!
 Psychic pollen ?! Pfffft!Not one of my faves . Though the idea certainly works . A warning for Amy -- he 's much more than the clever , silly , mysterious traveler .
 No sound ! only very loud static , help . can this be resent ? what is the solution .
 David Tenant was the best Doctor by far . Replacing him was a huge mistake ... I was entertained by the new Doctor and his companion , but I still miss David Tenatn . I will give it one more season to see if he can turn it around ... but my hope 's are fading fast .
 What 's the deal with amazon not having the episode available . I 've been purchasing each episode from amazon but this is not acceptable . I should have stuck with itunes .
 I really , really wanted to like this . Seasons one thru four were ... amazing , memerizing , wonderful ! . . and I was hoping for more . But , please . This year has been uneven , scattered , flat ... no worse but no better than any standard tv program . Disappointing.I wanted to like Matt and to give him a chance but either he is the most two dimensional actor in town or else the series needs a new Director , stat . What happened ? Did all the good writers and staff get jobs someplace else ? Was there some choice at the Production level to take this to the level of a cartoon series?I bought all episodes on instant view , but will delete them off of my computer
 The packaging was a real disappointment in that it was cheap paper that scuffed almost immediately when putting the DVD case into the sleeve . The case itself is an embarrassment because the plastic disc holder is held in place by a single piece of tape that has come free a month after receipt . I 'm hoping I can still return this.As for content , that is more disappointing than cheap packaging , which for any collector is saying everything . While the production values seem to have increased and the FX have improved , the storylines and characterization have gone back a step . While they seem slightly interesting while watching them , they do not have the sweetheart characterization needed for repeat viewing . I wo n't be pulling this out on a whim like I do the previous four seasons.It seems to me that Moffat has cached a couple of great episodes into a fantastic ego trip . In the extras he talks about how great his Weeping Angels are but he does n't seem to realize that the actress who played Sally deserves half the credit because it was her reaction to the situation that gripped the viewer , not the statues . Great lines AND a great actress made that episode great . That does n't translate to this season , but to be fair it was n't because of the acting . Matt Smith has a good Doctor but the poor man has to deal with too many ad absurdum one-liners that distance his character from the viewer . Karen Gillan is ok but has more leg than talent , `` I 'm dressed for Rio ! '' seems to be a poor excuse to keep her dressed teen-skimpy . After seeing this , I wo n't be getting the Christmas Special or the next season unless they great outrageously rave reviews .
 BBC Video Does it again , delivering this show -LRB- which I 'd rate 4 stars for content -RRB- in crummy , stuttery 1080/50i -- which is the UK 's HD format for broadcast not for Blu-Ray . Everyone else is delivering 1080/24p which is universally compatible . It 's smoother , looks better and is the current Blu-Ray standard everywhere . The problem is that unless you have a Playstation 3 , you 're most likely going to be suffering with a stuttery , jumpy picture , as your player tries and fails to bump up the 1080/50i to 1080/24p . If you are suffering this issue , manually switch your Blu-Ray player to 1080i output NOT 1080p . Our US standard for 1080i is 1080/60i not 1080/50i , so it wo n't be perfect , but it will reduce the issues greatly.The reason that BBC Video in the US keeps dumping these awful 1080/50i releases on the US market is because they are too cheap to re-author the discs from their UK counterparts to the US standard . Here 's an idea -- release them both in 1080/24p . Imbeciles .
 Steven Moffat turned Doctor Who into the Amy Pond Show , or an ersatz `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer . '' He uses Doctor Who to make `` his mark '' rather than respect the genre and characters . At its best , this British pop-culture phenomena reflects deeper values , legends , and myths . Moffat 's anti-continuity regeneration reinvents the wheel and the Doctor . Doctor Who 's heroic intensity is squandered , mired by women with rotten attitudes . Big explosions and fluff do n't equal real imagination , Mr. Moffat . Like disco-era John Nathan-Turner , ego runs amuck ; even the opening score is ruined . Matt Smith and Karen Gillan lack the maturity or charisma to reach beyond these limitations . Viewers are subjected to poor dialog delivered in loud , rapid-fire staccato mumbles ; this does not make bad stories more interesting . The fellow with the thankless task of playing Pond 's Rory would be a better Doctor , given half a chance.Moffat 's Doctor is a vehicle for his own perpetually adolescent framework , rife with obnoxious women reflecting childish -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- fantasies . Russell T. Davies left and the show turned girly . The Doctor is saddled with a sullen sulking boring sidekick , Amy Pond , a neurotic nightmare . In Moffat 's `` The Time of Angels/Flesh and Stone , '' she utters the loathsome , `` Are we there yet ? '' The vapid Pond is permeated with Botox flat-affect , an un-enticing creature only a peculiar -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- old man would find attractive , dolled-up in silly skirts and cowboy boots . Her boyfriend Rory is a pathetic joke -LRB- no fault of the actor -RRB- . As a child , Pond kneeled at her bedside praying to Santa Claus , but as a petulant adult she ridiculously throws herself on that bed demanding the Doctor 's services . Is this for children ? Or demented old men ? Pond is no Donna Noble , no Rose , no Martha Jones , no Sarah Jane Smith , no Zoe . `` Hello , Sweetie . '' Translation
 Season 5 starts off with a bang with the new doctor and the first episode is amazingly fun . Then the writing does a three sixty turn and goes downhill fast . There are a couple of well written episodes along the way , but nothing consistent .
 This was to have arrived as a new product , but the cover box is broken and one of the plastic pieces holding a dvd is broken . This was purchased for my son who is a huge fan of Doctor Who , and he is pleased with the series , just not with the casing . He really should get it replaced with one that is not damaged .
 I did n't care much for Russell T. Davies ' vision of Doctor Who - but the guy was , at least , progressive . He successfully dragged the show into the 21st century by giving it a -LRB- somewhat -RRB- convincing urban setting , and making the cast racially and sexually diverse . And while I was disappointed in his version of Doctor Who for its soap opera stylings and poor science fiction content , I could at least understand why it was popular.With this season , the `` showrunner '' switched from Davies to Steven Moffat , the creator of `` Coupling . '' Many fans - including myself - expected Moffat to come riding in like the cavalry and make Doctor Who a cool , gothic , real science fiction show again . Alas , in the end , Moffat brings nothing to the table but nostalgia . Unlike the progressive Davies , he presents an all-Caucasian cast that hangs out in a quaint -LRB- that is , unreal -RRB- English country village - hurling the show 's sensibilities back in time about 50 years . And also unlike Davies , who could at least write comprehensible scripts , Moffat loses himself in convoluted , nerdy plots that are heavy on continuity and alienating to casual viewers ; note that this is exactly the kind of writing that doomed the original Doctor Who back in the 1980s . And there are many other flaws in this season , apart from the writing . Matt Smith is clearly miscast as the Doctor , and his age has nothing to do with it ; he simply does n't project intelligence , or any kind of gravitas . Indeed , the defining trait of his Doctor is a goofy sense of humor that rarely proves to be funny . From his irritating catchphrase -LRB- `` bow ties are cool '' -RRB- to his frivolous observation that Vincent van Gogh 's children would be `` the ultimate ginge , '' Smith makes a range of stupid comments that drag down the character 's IQ about fifty points . Is this really the same man who used to boast of hanging out with Chairman Mao , and who used to say things like `` your species has the most amazing capacity for self-deception , matched only by its ingenuity when trying to destroy itself '' ? The production values are yet another source of disappointment here . Anyone who thinks the new Doctor Who has a huge budget ought to carefully examine the scene in which the new Daleks - which resemble giant fire hydrants painted in gaudy colors - emerge from a swirl of dry ice , into a `` spaceship '' set that resembles a factory basement -LRB- which is probably what it was -RRB- . Only a few episodes here , like the unusually strong Weeping Angel two-parter , manage to achieve the cinematic , Pan 's Labyrinth-style look that the production team was going for.In short , this version of Doctor Who is nothing but nostalgic silliness - a kitsch re-imagining of a superior old show that was cheesier but smarter . The Davies version of the show , for all its glaring flaws , at least felt like something * new * in addition to being nostalgic . The Moffat vision is a step backward . If Doctor Who ever gets another showrunner , I do n't want it to be another geeky fan who loves the original series and views the whole enterprise through a rose-tinted haze ; I want to show to be written by a sharper , less nostalgic writer who is n't afraid to make the Doctor brilliant again and to cast a somewhat tougher actor in the role -LRB- Jason Isaacs ? Idris Elba ? -RRB- Anything , to me , would be preferable to watching a goofball Doctor confront a tangerine-colored Dalek in a basement ...
 I 've been a Who fan since I was a kid - spent the early years of my life in England and Scotland . Some of the episodes in this season and last season are the worst ever . Putting aside that ridiculous stinker `` Daleks in Manhattan '' , lets take a look at this season.A Dalek Constructed cybernetic bomb , about to destroy the Earth . The Doctor and companion convince him to remember his false memories of love . He does . And love disarms the bomb . Gag ! So if we extrapolate , when he discovers his love is false or is rejected , we can kiss the Earth goodbye , right?Same episode , propeller driven aircraft flying in the vacuum of space . Yea , right . That 's just idiotic.Same episode . The Daleks base their entire existence on the Doctor saying a certain phrase in the vicinity of a certain object to verify that they are actually Daleks and can be reborn . Pathetic.Season finale
 Wo n't play on my Samsung Blu-Ray player ; video ` sticks ' , audio track is ` ahead ' . Had to buy a Sony Blu-Ray player - it works fine on it .
 The individual DVD holders in the box set came apart on first opening the package . The set of DVDs were in reverse order -LRB- the first episode DVD was last , the last was first -RRB- . Two of the discs are unreadable by either my DVD player or my computer . The DVDs are seen as region-free by my computer software , which I find curious . Also , on disc 3 , episode 5 is titled `` Flesh and Sone '' rather than the correct `` Flesh and Stone . '' I put in an inquiry to the shipper -LRB- BBM -RRB- via Amazon 's link and am awaiting a response .
 I 'm a big fan of Doctor Who , both new and old , and this is easily the stupidest and worst written episode I 've seen . I serves no other purpose but to introduce the candy colored daleks to sell video games.Especially since the daleks do n't appear again for the rest of this season , this supremely sappy episode can easily be skipped . Go straight to River Song and the weeping angels . You can thank me later .
 The thing with River Song had just been going on too long and at the end it was *** p. Moffat has just made it boring . Matt looks stupid - a bit like Prince William in that pretend military Gilbert and Sullivan style outfit he wore at his wedding .
 I just found Dr. Who Series 1 and was completely blown away by it . I eagerly searched out and fell in love w/Series 2,3 , and 4 . Not being burdened with knowledge of the entire series -LRB- all the 60 's , 70 's , and 80 's Dr. Who -RRB- I had no preconceived notions about it . But I was totally sucked into the story from the very first episode and figured Series -LRB- Season -RRB- 5 would be a continuation of that . Imagine my thrill when I finally got my hands on Series 5 . And then what a totally let down.I get that the Doctor changes his personality with each regeneration . But what I do n't get is why he has become an arrogant , unamusing jerk and worse , completely lost his mind with his new companion . Amy is clingy , whiny , unfun , and emotionally cheats -LRB- and wants to physically cheat -RRB- on her fiance . Why would anyone want to be around a person like this ? For the first time I was watching Dr. Who and cheering on the Weeping Angels -LRB- or anyone ! -RRB- to kill the companion because she is so awful and annoying . And the Doctor is annoying for championing her!With Series 1 - 4 I 've laughed and cried and totally gone into the Who Universe . With Series 5 I 've turned off the TV because it is just boring , super-hero posturing pap . No emotional resonance , no laughing , no crying but lots of boredom and the hope that the bad guys will kill these two self-absorbed twits as soon as possible . Exterminate !
 As a lifelong Dr. Who fan who is 52 years old , I have to say , this is just not my Dr. Who . First off , he 's just too young . But , more so , he 's just not The Doctor . He is a kid who is full of himself and clearly out of his league . I have watched every episode of this new season with Matt Smith desperately looking for something to like . I can not , and have not found it . I believe that the writers are going back to the original plan in writing the story for children this time around . It 's sad , because David Tennant was an excellent doctor . As was Christopher Eccelston , and all who came before him . I even liked the Peter Cushing doctor , and the Paul McGann Dr. as well . I know many fans liked neither . I feel I am a true fan . I loved William Hartnell and the so called clown Patrick Troughton . Though , to this day , Jon Pertwee is my favorite , Tom Baker second , and Chris E. third , then David Tennant . There has not been one story with Matt Smith that I have felt worthy of wanting to own . -LCB- **** Spoiler Alert **** Read on at your own risk -RCB- The final episode as pointed out by another reviewer just wipes out the whole story of the Matt Smith 's first season , what a cop-out . That in itself is the kookiest -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- choice the writers ever could have made . The whole was that Amy brings him back by remembering him makes no sense at all . I guess the main thing about science fiction that makes me love it , and always has , is the science part of it . They seem to have taken the science out of this season of Dr. Who with this particular Dr. I wo n't buy it , I have purchased most of every other dvd out there containing Dr. Who . I have all 4 of the prior seasons , and most of the specials , most of the dvd 's of the earlier doctors as well . When the prices come down on the newer releases I will own them also . But , I doubt I would want this in my collection . Sorry , Matt . You are just not my doctor.Wasitchu
 I 've been watching Doctor Who since the early 80s . I was very skeptical about the idea of trying to resurrect the series , but for once , proven wrong . Series 1 was good , 2 was better , and 3 was amazing . Series 4 showed the beginnings of Russel T Davies burning out , but was still mostly good . Then there was the non-series of 5 specials -LRB- series 4.5 ? -RRB- , which had 2 good episodes , and 3 awful episodes . RTD was definately burned out , and allowing it to hurt the show.So , now the man responsible for 4 of the best stories of the previous 4 years was going to be in charge . Great . Should be absolutely amazing.It was n't . It was awful . The first 2 stories are OK , but do more to establish the companion than the Doctor . Eating fish sticks with porridge and saying `` Bow Ties are Cool . '' is not establishing a new personality . The Doctor is badly neglected by the writers . After the first 2 episodes , the writing plunges into the depths of mediocrity and starts sinking . Below the quality of American Television . Below Oprah . And down.I honestly can not express how awful the writing of these episodes is -- both dialog itself and the overall ideas.After nearly 30 years of watching Doctor Who , this series made me want to give up on any future stories . THAT is how bad it was.I certainly would not buy the DVDs . If given a box as a present , I would trade it in for store credit or throw it away.Honestly , they are not worth owning . Not even for a completionist.Not even for the music -- which followed the same quality as the series writing -LRB- Good , Better , Amazing , meh , oh there was BGM ? , yuck -RRB- . Steven Moffet
 Terrible . Can not take this new doctor . Have been a fan for years and always found it difficult when a new doctor I liked left and a new one appeared . But I always ended up liking the new doctor and stayed a fan since the Tom Baker years . The new series I thought would never work but to my surprise the first season was amazing . Then I see Christopher Eccleston is leaving the series and David Tennant is taking over as the new doctor . My first thought was what a dumb move they will never find a new doctor like Chris Eccleston . But to my amazement they found an even better doctor in David . I even loved Billie Piper and hated to see her leave . But this third doctor is pure torment to watch . I have tried , I honestly have tried , and it saddens me there is no possible way into tricking me into liking this new doctor . Horrible and terrible !!!! Should have ended the series after season four .
 I have been a devout fan of the new Dr. Who series and I have been looking forward to this installment ever since I finished watching all of the David Tenant episodes . But this whole series story line lacks so much in so many ways . Everything is really obvious with no under story . A crack ! A crack everywhere ! Ugh ! And both Amy and the new Dr. Who are exceptionally uninteresting . The stories are also without any humor or depth . And , one of the best previous Dr. Who stories in my opinion was `` Blink '' so you would think that the same guy could again write a compelling story , but no ! A most disappointing purchase . Wait for a new Dr. Who to come out - not a new series , but a completely new person with a completely different companion !
 These episodes do n't compare well at all with the last series starring David Tennant.This Doctor has a TOTAL dependence on that darn sonic screwdriver ... he would be toast without it and that 's not cool ! The stories are just plain bad and I have started going to my local library to check out older series versions , and watch them on Saturday night instead of this season . I think the Sontarans would wipe out this cast quick , HA!I really hope they change both the characters and writing soon .
 Terrible , terrible , terrible . Matt Smith is a lightweight and his new companion is a joke . How could you possibly follow the brilliant David Tennant and his amazing sidekicks with Matt Smith and Karen Gillan ? It seems that , by trying to make the show younger and hipper , they have killed it . All of my Doctor Who-loving friends do n't want to watch it anymore . Bad choice for a new direction . Steve Moffat had a chance to really keep the series going in a positive direction , but instead he killed it .
 This is the worst Dr Who series ever . Boring , lacking the imagination of the earlier DR 's . Always on earth , it 's time to move on . Sadly this will be the last Dr series that I will purchase .
 The discs in this set will not play right on my Samsung 3D Blu Ray player . The sound cuts out constantly and you have to keep hitting pause then play to hear a few more seconds of audio before it happens again . I sent back the set and got a replacement , but the new ones did the same thing . I took my Blu Ray player back and got a different model , but the problem was even worse ! I do n't know if it 's a problem where these wo n't play on just Samsung players , or if this is widespread , but I really wanted these to work . Instead I 've had to send back the Blu Ray set and I guess I 'll have to settle for DVDs of Season 5 instead .
 I am dumbfounded at the number of people giving this incarnation of Dr Who good reviews . I 've watched Dr. Who since I was a kid in the 70 's . Most recently , I loved both Christopher and David as the Dr. -LRB- David Tennant is my fellow sci-fi friends and my favorite -RRB- This new Dr is so boring and bland I could barely stand to watch . Even the stories are dull and lack any real humor . We all tried to get into this new incarnation and none of my group can find something to like . I would say to anyone reading reviews before buying ; Watch a few episodes first and decide for yourself . I guess it 's all very subjective . But if you ask this Sci-fi fanatic , the newest Dr Who sucks and falls WAY flat of filling any of the previous Doctor 's shoes .
 Let me start by saying that what I 've seen of Matt Smith 's tenure as the 11th Doctor is very promising so far . That 's not what this review is aboutI was shocked , having purchased previous series of new Who as well as everything available at present of classic Who , to see how cheap and shoddy the packaging is the Series 5 releaseJust one piece of tape theoretically holding together all the trays the various DVDs are in . And numerous cracks in thoseBut the worst bit was being right in the middle of the two-parter The Time of Angels/Flesh and Stone and , when I went to put in disc 3 to continue to story , having it not play . And then , turning the disc over , seeing a huge crack in itI 'm not sure if something happened during shipping or what , but I 'm quite disappointed and will be returning it . It 's put a hamper on my enjoyment of Series 5 . Maybe I should have gone to Best Buy to get it or some such ... Doctor Who
 I am older and wiser than the child who could believe the truce will hold.Pity
 We have been Dr. Who fans for many years . However , we got the DVD version of the fifth season and , at least on the disks we got , the sounds reverberated so badly in many scenes , especially inside closed spaces such as the Tardis , that we had to turn the sound off and read the subtitles instead . It is hard for us to believe that such an irritating sound recording could have been intentional .
 Much as I loved David Tennant 's Doctor Who , I was open to the new team of Matt Smith -LRB- as DW -RRB- and Stephen Moffat -LRB- as director -RRB- . I liked the first episode , but grew to increasingly dislike the new team as I watched more episodes . I have now reached the point where I loathe Smith.In a way , I ca n't exactly blame him because Smith is too young to be Doctor Who . Maybe it 's his limitation as an actor , but 27-year-old Matt Smith portrays Doctor Who as a 27-year-old or even younger . His Doctor Who lacks wisdom -LRB- that can only come from age and experience -RRB- , passion and brilliance of intellect -LRB- which Tennant had in loads -RRB- , and the sadness of being the last of his species and of having seen so much suffering and misery.Instead , Smith 's Doctor Who is physically gawky -LRB- like some bumbling teenager -RRB- , not particularly brilliant -LRB- how many times did Amy , a 20-year-old earthling with neither education nor special training , come up with the solution to their predicament ? Puleese -RRB- , and most offensive of all , is rude -LRB- telling others to `` Shut Up ! -RRB- and RESORTS TO VIOLENCE -LRB- which violates Doctor Who 's very nature -RRB- . I 'm also weary of how Moffat and the writers make every episode incomplete -- they continue on and bleed into each other . No episode is truly a stand-alone episode.If Smith and Moffat continue what they 've done in this season , I will no longer watch Doctor Who . It has become a `` Saturday morning '' cartoon for little kiddies .
 With Series Five , at least for our family , Saturday nights were set aside for watching Doctor Who . However , as the season progressed , we found ourselves actually forgetting to watch . The stories were just not intriguing enough to keep us interested.As for Matt Smith , I loved him . He is cute and reminiscent of Tom Baker enough to engender a love of him in the role . However , while Karen is a good actor , I did not care for her character at all and I especially hated her too short mini skirts.All in all , I think I will purchase a couple of the Tom Baker episodes rather than the Fith Series . Hopefully , the next season will be an improvement .
 I 'm a huge fan of the first four seasons -LRB- and I was never a fan of the traditional Dr. Who of the ... well let 's say previous century -RRB- . I was amazed at how the formula could stay intact through two doctors and several female companions.So I put the first disc of Season 5 into may computer with a mixture of dread and anticipation and ... fell asleep before the end of the episode -LRB- OK , I was a bit tired when I started and I did see most of it -RRB- . The `` production values '' are there , but the endearing doctor is out . He seems to be sort of an immature jerk , which actually could have worked and been a great idea if he had somehow teamed up with a strong female lead who could help with his character while he saved the universe every week . That would have been a fun new take on an old formula.But this is the old formula just implemented badly in my opionion . Maybe it just takes a few episodes for the new characters to gain their footing . I 've seen this happen in other series , and I know not to judge an entire series on the pilot , which the first episode with a new doctor sort of is . I just cant bring myself to watch any more . Maybe try to see an episode or two before you plunk down money and buy it.Update
 It 's taken a long time for me to finally admit what has been obvious from the moment the new rebooted series first graced the screens in 2005 , the `` new '' Doctor Who is pure schlock and an insult to the original classic series . I 've been a fan of Doctor Who since accidently stumbling upon it on PBS since the mid-1980s . I eagerly awaited its inevitable return . But what came back was not a revamped , serious adult science fiction program , but a childish , poorly written cringe inducing cross between the Power Rangers and Lost in Space.The `` Big Bang '' , the final episode of this series is emblematic of the failures of the new series as a whole . The Doctor is bestowed with nearly super human abilities and a near total fixation on his sonic screwdriver , which has gone from merely opening doors to doing everything just short of revitalizing the dead . The plot is riven with Sci Fi mumbo jumbo that does n't even attempt to make any sense , complete with interwoven time streams that break all `` laws '' of time travel that the series has put in place.Nearly half this `` epic '' episode is filled with a rehash of the adventures of the current series and an emphasis on the personal life of Amy Pond . Its climax is literally a fairy tale.What has been most disappointing about the new series , putting aside its near relentless multicultarism , political correctness , fixation on the Earth , and soap opera focus on the Doctor 's companions personal lives , has been its failure to introduce anything new and memorable . What interesting new companion has traveled with the Doctor , what new alien species has arisen to threaten the universe ? Destroying Gallifrey and the Time Lords in the Time War was a questionable maneuver , -LRB- especially in light of the series continual story lines involving the Daleks , who were supposedly destroyed as well -RRB- , but at least it opened up new possibilities . The Time Lords kept order in the Universe and the Daleks kept lesser species at bay . Who has arisen in their absence ? Although there are vague references to the `` Shadow Proclamation '' controlling some kind of international constabulary , this angle is never explored . What 's left is hardly worth watching , let alone reviewing .
 The Frame Rate is just so bad , I ca n't even describe it , almost as if it 's just a little too slow . I 've probably waited too long to return them and I 'm scared to purchase replacements - out of 3 blu-ray sets of Doctor Who I 've purchased -LRB- Tennant Goodbye specials , season 5 & 6 , all have this frame rate issue .
 Anything I buy on here that is not 100 % perfect when I buy it brand-new gets a one star rating . That 's what happened here . I was watching the discs in order , and when I got to # 3 , there were skipping playback issues . I took the disc out and looked at it , and it was gouged . So then I looked through the remaining discs that had never been removed from the jewelbox yet ... of those , disc # 5 had the same issue -LRB- the gouge on # 5 looked incredibly similar to the gouge on disc # 3 -RRB- . So
 The sound is messed up when I try to play this on my Roku box , and I ca n't find the help/support to even report the problem . I guess I will try an email to Amazon .
 Never had a problem with any video till this 1 and the sound is all jacked up .
 Matt 's okay but everything else really faltered this season . Moffatt is the worst showrunner since JNT . Even my eight year old said the show is no good anymore .
 I 'm living in the Netherlands and have waited for the online version of Doctor who season 5 to be available since the release of the Christmas special . I Loved all the Mofatt eps in Davies era , so I was looking forward to the new series . I 'm sorry but it 's a total disappointment . I watched ep 1 online and thought that I had accidentally downloaded some cheap Scifi show from the states . The story line was unappealing for adults older than 8 , the new Doctor is emotionless and cold , and Amy is as charming as a pouting goldfish . Why did they do such a horrible job at casting ? I kept watching , hoping that it would eventually get better , but even the ep with the weeping angels was an utter disappointment , by the time I got to the Vampire ep , I just stopped watching . I think I just keep my old DVDs of Ten/Davies era and forget about this new `` kiddie '' Doctor who . I 'm way too old to believe in an wandering stick insect who saves planets trailing a blowlipped kipper.Cheers
 What a GREAT FRANCHISE undone by BAD CASTING.The previous seasons were so great that when I got them in the mail I watched them compulsively , at least until I had to go shopping or go to work , until I 'd watched them all . AND THEN , I could re-watch them two or three times . Who could get enough of ` The Parting of the Ways ? ` Alas , but no more . The colored Daleks have more stage presence than this pair of yearning would-be 's . At least when the white Dalek says he 's Supreme , you kind of believe the threat . -LRB- Only now did I think of Diana Ross , it was that good . : -RRB- Can you imagine how brilliant David Tennant would have made the fish fingers and custard scene in the first episode ? How comically Billie Piper would cringed ? Moffat wrote a classic , adorable , ` bad English food scene ' for the Dr. , but it falls flat because 1 -RRB- Matt Smith 's doctor is too introverted and serious -LRB- has n't really mastered the Danny Thomas ` coffee spit , ' reflex -RRB- and 2 -RRB- his foil is a young child , whose reactions can only be based on her reaction to a world of stuffed animals and pretty wall paper . In those crucial scenes , he does n't have a partner . It was as if he were playing to a wall instead of another actor.Smith does not summon the humongous ego of our favorite demi-god , his insouciant self-confidence , or his flood of self-mockery . And most humiliatingly , he seems competent only to rob the cradle.Whoever plays Amy ... shudder . At the signpost up ahead , you have entered the `` Baby Sitter Zone . '' She 's colorless , tasteless , and sexless . With Catherine Tate you always wondered in which direction those generous mammaries were swinging . Piper had that smile , that DAZZLING , man-melting smile . Amy 's Scottish accent does n't compensate , except by way of the nursery . And we 're not in a Walt Disney , Kurt Russell movie . We 're supposed to be in outer space where our costumes can be as tight was we like them.I 'm halfway through ` Victory of the Daleks , ' and turned it off . Winston Churchill is as fat a Portland sow with a double chin the size of Labrador . In a complete absence of characterization , he merely spouts patriotic cliches . He 's as complete a character as the doctor in the episode , `` The Empty Child , '' which is to say , a cipher . I 'm upset . Moffat 's a brilliant writer , but he ca n't fill Russell Davies ' shoes in the sci-fi genre . And Spitfires in outer space ? This is stupid . By comparison , the dying OOD in `` Planet of the Ood , '' is John Gielgud -- and a wonderful reflection on the fury boiling behind the reserved national character of Great Britain.Russell did have a habit of grabbing forms and themes from other films in the public mind , such as his atrocious repurposing of ` The Fifth Element ' into ` Voyage of the Damned , ' -LRB- not my favorite episode -RRB- , but one could forgive that ... but he always came through with an blend of clever dialog , great dramatic music , inspired silliness and a touch of terror that gave the first four seasons their pleasant zing . Even at low ebbs , his lead and sidekick gave you a reason to tune in . -LRB- That episode focused on Shakespeare , for example ... Freema 's curves in that narrow bed with Tennant -RRB- . And ` Gridlock , ' where the Doctor 's dialog wanders off into one of those elegant Pink Floydish meditations on mortality , the one concerning the silver leaves on the plant Gallimauffrey -LRB- forgive the spelling , please -RRB- . Give me the ` Christmas Invasion ' and the line , `` My handy spare hand . '' Sigh . The Atraxi have no reason to run from this doctor . -LRB- Did n't you like the way the Sycorax were putting it all on , the way the Doctor often plays an empty hand ? -RRB- If you ca n't lick 'em by smiling -LRB- Piper -RRB- , or lick 'em by talking -LRB- Eccleston -RRB- in one of your 57 million languages , or otherwise demonstrate your superiority , by inviting a Dalek into a pub and blinding it with a mis-thrown dart , you take a number and go to the back of the casting line .
 Not including the specials means I will not be buying . Previous seasons have included all the specials aired between seasons . Since this one does n't I 'll spend my money on buying the specials and skip the season.My opinion of the writing , directing , acting , and actors of series 5 is just as bad . A Doctor Who who speaks in unintelligible rapid fire , fragmented , dis-jointed dialog that sounds like an unmediated ADHD kid does not rate more than one star , to me . The writing has deteriorated . We 've gone from subtle clues to ca n't miss things that in the end all get washed away with a ` it never happened . ' The previous seasons were a subtle mix able to be watched by both adults and children . Season 5 does not captivate me as an adult and it it makes me fear the children are being influenced to mimic that type of dialog.To me the total package of writing , directing , acting and actors have deteriorated and the fact that what is included in the season set has also been diminished means I wo n't be buying it !
 I think I would enjoy this , but the item has never arrived -LRB- it left the facility on Nov. 8 -RRB- and I can not find a place on the Amazon web site to inform them of the problem .
 For the serious Doctor Who fan , those who are following the long term developing story of the Doctor and his companions , these events never happened . The character development shown here , the relationships , the people and civilizations saved , and the stories that unfolded were all erased in the final episode . Evidently the way the epic was progressing was not worth keeping so the writers simply deleted it all . Moffat took a cheep shot at story telling by building up impossible odds to stun the viewing audience , then , instead of working his way through a difficult solution , he simply said oops it never happened - never mind . I suggest then that the true fans do the same as the writers did and just forget about this season . Hopefully a new season will emerge that will be worth keeping .
 OK , sure , it 's the new Doctor Who , but ... they should have just retired it when David Tennant left . BORING . What happened ??? I 've TRIED to like it , but he 's just too lame , too pale , overly animated , and the music is usually too loud to understand the dialogue ! No , I wo n't be buying this series . I 'm sure Matt Smith is a nice kid , but he 's too young , too stiff , and just not experienced enough to do The Doctor.I 'm sorry , kid , but ... go back to university or something , OK ?
 I have n't seen a Dr. WHO for some time.The first season 5 episode `` The 11th Hour '' ; and the second episode `` The Beast Below '' ; caused me to purchase the entire Season 5 - using the amazon ` pass ' system . ' 11th Hour ' is VERY good . ` Beast Below ' is a somewhat dark and foreboding episode for most of it ... having images of a hell like - apparent fire filled pit - but the episode ends in a surprising upbeat and positive tale.The third ` Victory of the Daleks ' is mostly mindless drivel taking place during the beginnings of World War II on Earth . Has Sir Winston Churchill ... Not great . But not terrible.The next two season 5 episdes ; ` Time of Angels ' & ` Flesh and Stone ' are TERRIBLE . ` Time of Angels ' opens up very promising ... Then degenerates into Demonic Angels killing people to feed off them ; and because they like to kill . Computer Graphics of the gaping mouth and teeth attacking ... The ` angels ' look like stone , and can not move if your looking at them ... but if your not looking at them ; and they have some energy from feeding off of someone else , or the ship which has crashed ; then the stone morphs into the real thing - a demonic angel seeking only to kill and eat you ... This is a ` two parter ' which they drag out into the ` Flesh and Stone ' episode ... Where we are now fully immersed in the Army of demonic angels who are killing everyone in Dr. Who 's party - and looking to conquer the Universe after they kill and eat everyone here ... A couple of the main characters do manage to survive ; -LRB- Mostly Dr. Who and Amy Pond -RRB- ; and the end of the episode starts the advertisement for the coming one ... where they advertise - not kidding - the VAMPIRES which are going to be killing , sucking blood , etc. in the next episode of Season 5 . Older , previous Dr. WHO did not have vampires and demonic angels running around ... If you like ` Stephen King novels or movies ' - you probably wo n't like this - since it wo n't have enough suspense and graphic terror . If you enjoy violence for violence sake ; and no real plotline other than showing a dark , spiritual world - then you might like these.Me - I cancelled my season pass . Was n't for my wife and I . This is garbage.BTW
 Just as Star Wars started as a unique idea and developed into a drawn out commercial for video games , so Dr Who is going the same way . The only reason to write more -LRB- for gods sake enough already -RRB- daleks is to set up for what we saw at the end . A long commercial for the Dr Who video game . Note the bright colors of the new Daleks . The writing is horrible and the tone is grating and tired . There is no life in the acting or story line . Just rehash of things -LRB- like the first three star wars episodes -RRB- all to sell merchandise and video games . The BBC has learned a thing or two from the coked out american film makers . Crap sells . Screw the story line , put in product placement and stoke the furnace of bottom line . It breaks my heart , but I guess it is better than no Dr Who at all . And what is with the new companion . she simply flounces around like a valley girl with no power or presence at all . she would do well on the CW channel in one of the cookie cutter little girl story lines so that no one would have to deal with using their imagination . Lets just have a lot of bored tired people moving about doing obvious things in an obvious manner . Lets have daleks every third episode and make sure to use the new color scheme so that the video game players will cough up money for more game play . Maybe they should change the setting to southern california and have the doctor and his companion go to clubs . That would make it more attractive to their target audience .
 The Show is fantastic , the season was great but these DVD are the worst I have ever purchased . I dont know how to explain how shoddy the packaging is . The moment I opened it the plastic holding each DVD stated braking apart . A week later and it is broken off the spine and into multiple trays that no longer fit into the box . To pay this much for a season and not be able to keep the DVDs in one package and safe from damage is a rip off . It is the cheapest shoddiest packaging I have ever seen on a DVD series .
 First Dalek is over . The prophecy of Caan can not be more clear . Every Dalek was destroyed . They were gone . Why not just try to create another enemy for doctor?Second Doctor will never commit genocide . In this episode doctor was so eager to destroy the daleks . That is simply not what doctor will do.Anyway the story is just so inconsistent and poorly imagined . I miss Russell .
 I recieved this item with good packaging and in great time but when I opened the product the actual case the movies are in was broken . The disks were still fine but the plastic part that held the discs had disconnected from the movie case itself . Wish it would not have been broken , especially after paying over $ 50 on the item . It said it was new , I was hoping for perfect condition .
 I 'm thanking myself that I rented this season , as with most series they hit an all time low and Series 5 is defiantly it ! I hope season 6 is better , I 'm the kind of person who waits until the season comes out and watches it without commercials . I do n't have cable or converter I just watch dvds.I have n't seen the older version of Doctor Who but at a friends recommendation -LRB- and to understand all of his Doctor Who jokes -RRB- I started watching it . I LOVED IT ! The first season was okay but by the end I was hooked , I just hated that they changed actors . I ended up LOVING David Tennant ! :D So when they changed the guy YET again I figured I could roll with the punches and learn to love the new actor but REALLY ? I HATED Matt Smith ! The dang hair was RIDICULOUS -LRB- with David Tennant it suited him -RRB- , the suite REALLY did n't work for him -LRB- same as the hair !! -RRB- but the attitude had really improved BUT the MAN CA N'T ACT !! I either wanted to just turn the TV off or fast forward the episode ... which I really did n't want to.And another thing I thought the Doctor HATED guns , yet in this season he picks on up ! That 's one of the reasons I REALLY loved the show , it was n't some guy picking up girls and running around chasing monsters with guns . And Amy Pond the new companion WOW ... all those SHORT skirts , dresses and inappropriate clothes yuck . I was finding myself wishing -LRB- I got the dvd 's from the library I do n't own them -RRB- , I could go and get the first , second , third and forth series and watching them . Wishing I could watch Rose , Sara Jane , Martha and Donna ! * SPOILERS * And whats up with the season arch this time ? I got it by the end of the first episode ! And when it was in EVERY episode not only was it a little condescending like I forgot or something but it got REALLY repetitive . Not to mention the dumb story line ! A third of the episodes were okay , the others were HORRIBLE like the Weeping Angles one , it started out confusing , got good and got worse . I find myself liking River Song WAY more then Amy Pond , LOVING that end up meeting at odd and totally wrong times .
 The dvds skip and stall all the time ! I bought this as a gift for my husband and he is so disappointed in the quality .
 Dr Who used to be good and I greatly enjoyed it but it has begun to be nothing but a platform for pushing &#34; alternative lifestyles . &#34; Do not misunderstand me . I do NOT have &#34; something agianst gays . &#34; I am just not gay and I get rather tired of a show which , more and more seems to be nothing but an , &#34; in your face &#34; advertisement for &#34; gay is ok . &#34; It is supposedd to be entertainment , not propoganda .
 Why do so many people seem to call this the &#34; best DW season yet &#34; ? Compared to the previous 4 series , this one is very , very poor . The scripts are boring and childish ; Gillan and Smith make a very poor team - they mumble and have very intolerable accents in addition to displaying very limited and amateurish acting skills ; the sound , video , and special effects are dull and repetitive ; and the overall seasonal plotline lacks any coherence or follow-through . I give this season 2 stars , only for making a feeble effort to keep the series alive . Hopefully , things will get better or die gracefully .
 Where can I begin to describe all the shortcomings of this wretched movie ? I have a strong feeling that most of the `` actors '' are rank amateurs , probably relatives or -LRB- former -RRB- friends of the director . The `` plot '' makes absolutely no sense largely because the `` actors '' mumble their lines with thick British -LRB- I guess -RRB- accents and most of the poorly recorded dialog is unintelligible , but I will valiantly try to provide an overview
 If your goal is to learn something about Hoover and his significance or insignificance on American History in under an hour this will work . As part of the bargain you will have to endure a brief diversion while the filmakers criticize the Bush Administrations response to Katrina . When budgeting 51 minutes for a biopic on an American president , one might think that unnecessary and distracting diversions would hit the editing room floor . Not so in the case of `` Landslide '' . When discussing the Mississippi flood of 1927 we learn that Herbert Hoover was great . Compare that to the Bush Administrations response to Katrina and , pay close attention boys and girls , Bush Bad . We do n't get the context of the response to Katrina . We do n't really get the context of the Mississippi flood either because we do n't have time for that . But we do have time to reinforce a negative political view of George Bush . Even if we all agree that George Bush is Satan does it really seem appropriate to raise that here ? If it really were good technique to produce a biopic in this manner , then why not compare Hoover 's support for Smoot Hawley to say Bill Clintons support for NAFTA ? You would n't . It 's a wholly unnecessary diversion and the decision to include it raises some doubt about the objectivity of the filmmakers . Perhaps the hope is that this film will be shown to school kids where they can learn that , among other things , Bush Bad.This biopic also suffers from too many talking heads . Do we really need to hear from Herbert Hoover 's great granddaughter ? She is cute and vivacious and even kind of looks like him but it seems her only true qualification is that the she is cute , vivacious and kind of looks like him . She does add some sex appeal though . That is probably the point.Why not stick with the acknowledged experts on the subject , which thankfully we seem to have a few . Robert Reich is not an acknowledged expert . He has never produced any critically acclaimed work on this subject . He is a noted liberal though and that is perhaps qualification enough.By having a proliferation of talking heads we lose the individual character of their thought and ability to express it . The idea of verbal prosody as an art is lost on the filmmakers . This production puts more importance on jumping quickly from expert to expert as if staying in one place would cause the production to stagnate . Or , in the vernacular of the apparent target audience , high school kids , boring . This seems like the technique of a action film or maybe even reality TV . And in many cases one expert simply reiterates what another said . Appropriate for learning I suppose , if you are a high school kid.Guests that add sex appeal ; action film and reality TV techniques ! It truly seems to have been made by and perhaps for High School kids , which is really disturbing given the filmakers taste for propaganda .
 A robot named Golem -LRB- Richard Young -RRB- has been given a hit list . He also knows all the people in the agency . In order to kill the robot and retired agent is brought back out of retirement -LRB- Robert Conrad as Henry Stanton -RRB- . He believes he is protecting the flirty Mary Casallas -LRB- Karen Austin -RRB- from some rouge assassin . When he finds out it is actually a robot , he punches everyone around him , like a scene in `` Airplane . `` The movie reminded me of a low budget made for TV `` Terminator '' knock off complete with the roommate of Sarah Connor . The ending was a bit comical and I never did understand the twist they suddenly tossed in . A real yawner for a science fiction action film .
 This movie is a cross between the 6 million dollar man and I robot set back in the mid 1980 's Robert Conrad does an ok job . The film is n't great and the story line is week .
 This movie is an awful excuse for a horror movie . It 's not even good enough to be considered a B movie , maybe a Z movie . Do yourself a favor , if you want horror and action , skip this movie .
 Do n't read and believe that `` JAMES BOWERS '' REVIEW probably his one the produce or some family actor or some Hollywood studies B.S telling U this JUNK is great an all that !!! . BELIEVE me , this flick is GARBAGE WITH CAPITAL `` G , '' AWFUL acting & scrip ! Ignorant & UGLY cast , lame & boring , real slow with same old paste ! Played & camera shot plus written is like a high school project ! I was fastforwarded entire this junk !! Gust glad I rented it . I do n't pay even a dollar to buy this lame trash worth !!! Skip this JUNK for sure OR U would disappointed BIG TIME ! U BE WARNED !! D
 There are a few hurdles you 'll need to overcome in order to watch this one . First , in the opening scene around a campfire you will be introduced to one of the most annoying actors/characters ever in a B-movie - the guy is so tediously happy and grinning that you alomst wonder if he 's stoned , as he 's got that perpetual `` I 'm sooo high , dude '' attitude -LRB- when , in fact , he 's not high -RRB- that you 'll just be begging for the killer to come around the campfire with an axe and relieve us all of the character . Thankfully , he is put out of our misery fairly soon . Next , you 'll be treated to something I never thought a video could botch ... the LONGEST , MOST TEDIOUS opening credits that you will ever encounter ... THAT may be the horror of this movie . But , get past those two things , and you may find you enjoyed this one , if only compared to other B-Horror movies . Unfortunately , I was so put off by the aforementioned scenes that I started the movie with a negative outlook . I look forward to other reviews to see if it 's just me , or if I was right on :-RRB- OH - and you are going to need to suspend disbelief with regard to the main character , the guy with the cop glasses . He is supposed to be playing some really cool guy , making fun of the other characters , when in fact he just looks like a member of the chess club with a bowl haircut - seriously miscast in this role . Nerds just ca n't pull off the `` too cool for the room '' type characters .
 Ii totally agree with the last reviewer Bejamin . This is trash , the acting was horrible , and all of them not appealing , not to mention they were all anoying especially the guy with the sunglasses who keeps yelling his lines . I just wished the killer would have knocked him off first , not to mention the whole movie looked like some kid shot it with a camcorder ... terrible just trash ... stay away from this movie
 There are a few hurdles you 'll need to overcome in order to watch this one . First , in the opening scene around a campfire you will be introduced to one of the most annoying actors/characters ever in a B-movie - the guy is so tediously happy and grinning that you alomst wonder if he 's stoned , as he 's got that perpetual `` I 'm sooo high , dude '' attitude -LRB- when , in fact , he 's not high -RRB- that you 'll just be begging for the killer to come around the campfire with an axe and relieve us all of the character . Next , you 'll be treated to the longest opening credits that you will ever encounter ... But , get past those two things , and you may find you enjoyed this one , if only compared to other B-Horror movies . Unfortunately , I was so put off by the aforementioned scenes that I started the movie with a negative outlook . I look forward to other reviews to see if it 's just me , or if I was right on : -RRB-
 -LRB- small spoilers -RRB- This is a disappointing B-movie with very little characterisation and story -LRB- most horrors do n't anyhow , duh -RRB- . A group of teens take a trip and get high while an axe murder gets revenge via a spooky campfire story . There 's nothing new in the script or directing execution , and the whole premise feels totally generic . It has a Blair Witch influence , but it never lives beyond its shadow . The character John turns out to be particularly funny . I do n't know if the acting is just so awful , or that his stereotypical , mysoginist , bulligerent , jerk of a character makes him so caricaturely comical . There 's like three characters -LRB- John and the two dimwit females -RRB- who only care about partying . There 's the cautious and grownup one in Shannon who senses danger . And there 's her boyfriend Steve who is sensitive yet somewhat intelligent but conflicted between her and the other rowdies . You have the creepy and bearded wilderness bear who warns the campers of danger . And the older , wise 40ish year-old who is a set-up as the would be axe murderer . The killer 's look comes straight out of the Urban Legend wardrobe . The only thing that saves this from getting zero stars -LRB- in addition to not being able to select it at Amazon -RRB- is the mildly pleasing and relentless conclusion .
 The description misleads and represents this `` film '' as a documentary . it 's not . at BEST it 's a mockumentary ... and a BORING one , at that . i love dan butler for living his life openly as a gay actor in hollywood ... but i 'm sorry to say that this `` film '' shows why he 's never a leading man . and his `` life partner '' -LRB- as his BF is described in the film ... c'mon . it 's the 21st century , `` life partner '' ? -RRB- is no better at pretending it 's all real , either . big disappointment . :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- i give this `` film '' 3 frowny faces .
 I have enjoyed the first 2 Eating Out movies very much.This one was pretty lame to say the least.Great looking guys but even for a campy comedy this one was pretty bad .
 Really disappointing . I suppose it tried to say something relevant about gay marriage , but it seemed forced . Rebekah Kochan is in it for about 5 seconds and made even less sense than her appearance in Drama Camp . Bring her back !!!
 Not up to the standard of the series.I wish I would of rented before I bought ! The acting was oKay but the story line lacked substance and not as funny as previous movies .
 This series has been beat to death . Just let it go guys ... move onto something worthy of your talents . On the flip side , at this point some of the actors are actually improving . So , it 's been worthwhile for a few careers perhaps . I suspect if they got hold of a fresh new script things would be awesome . This particular edition had a few slapstick -LRB- no pun -RRB- moments , but the script was poorly written . Just not worth the time and effort that obviously went into filming it . Sorry guys . Move onto something new . Stop wasting your time on this story line .
 A bunch of beautiful guys , lots of muscle and skin showing , and few jokes here and there . Not a great story or acting . Entertaining to an extent .
 This had no redeeming value for me what so ever . Good luck finding it for anyone else out there. , it ai n't secxy that 's for sure . a bit fo eye candy at very best .
 So let me get this straight , you reduce the funniest characters in your series to a split screen cameo with each other that lasts all of 5 seconds and your movie looks more like a one act play than a movie ? Maybe that would be an indicator that the this movie should not have been made at all as it is easily the worst in the Eating Out series even outdoing Drama Camp which is saying a lot.The boys are off to an all male resort yet somehow transgender male to female Lily finds her way there with Zach and his new beau . Then there is Casey and his screechy , irritating lady friend whom he met in Drama Camp . She is definitely a poor replacement for Rebekah Cochan 's Tiffany VanderSloot.Eating Out Open Weekend concerns loose questions about commitment and monogamy which is heartwarming but executed poorly and as I mentioned before , all scenes either take place beside the pool or inside a room ... was this shot in the director 's backyard?Lily and the other chick compete for the eye of the bartender at the resort who is straight -LRB- weird -RRB- and , in a totally absurd and irritating twist at the end ... HE HAS A TAIL !!! Yes folks , if they could have afforded a shark to jump this would have been it . I am officially done with this series as I thoroughly enjoyed the first 3 eating out films . If this is the last one then it went out like a limp d ***
 First off , I am not sure if the condition I received this is the same as from the manufacturer , I have never received a film without a case . It almost seemed pirated to look as if it came from the manufacturer-factory sealed.On to the review.Horribly Wide Screen , like you would have a better chance of not seeing the 10 inch bar of black if it were on an older model tv screen . As for the movie . . if you want something close to porn , and over the soft core boundaries then this one is for you , it was a bit annoying , and honestly the first two were better than this one , the sound is the same as the others ... seems after 5 movies they have not figured out how to do sound on any of them , at some points you can actually hear and echo . or was that the 4th movie ?
 this is one hot mess of a film ! i say ` hot ' as most of the guys have model looks so gave the film 1 star for that but the acting is pretty bad . how the lead ` danial shelton guy ever got this job i have no idea ! he looks like a fish and is so out of the league with his ` acting ' that even the model like guys and str8 guy -LRB- michael -RRB- act so much better ! in real life these guys , who tower over lil danial wouldnt give him a 2nd look . and the tranny was so unconvincing and so not funny . she was indeed cringe worthy . i read the reviews and fell for buying this -LRB- thank god i only spent 6 -RRB- as i read bout all the ` great looking guys and so much nudity ' ? there were a total of TWO !!! fast full frontal shots on 2guys i could care less about seeing and not any of the leads r nude -LRB- u have a buns shot towards the end of the real life str8 guy michael -RRB- . this movie was just a big tease and filmed at a motel that looked like a Motel 6 ! there r so many other gay flicks out there , dont waste your time and dollars on this one ! if u want nice indie gay films with cute guys buy Were The World Mine ' that i totally would recommend b4 i would this bogus gay flick . so disappointed . i 'm so putting this dvd back up for sale and hope i at least get my money back !
 the only thing worse than the bad acting is the directing of the film . I guess anyone with a camcorder can make a `` movie . '' This movie is like a bad meal . Ingredients
 In addition to his own paintings and prints , Warhol 's `` factory '' ground out musical and cinematic dabblings . On rare occasions these were successful , with The Velvet Underground a case in point ; on most other occasions , however , the results were uninspired . The 1971 WOMEN IN REVOLT has a interesting idea , but unfortunately both style and substance fall flat face down long before its 97 minute run time comes to an end.Warhol attracted extreme personalities , and the interesting idea behind WOMEN IN REVOLT was to take three of the most extreme -- Jackie Curtis , Candy Darling , and Holly Woodlawn -- and feature them in a movie about the emerging women 's liberation movement . The upshot , of course , is a movie about the women 's movement that does n't star any women , for Curtis , Darling , and Woodlawn were cutting edge drag queens of their day.Although it is difficult to say that the film was `` directed '' in any actual way , the director 's credit goes to Paul Morrissey , who would do quite a few similar films for Warhol , movies in which the actors generally improvised lines from a plot they or others had developed . If you think that means that WOMEN IN REVOLT does n't have a director , script , or story -- well , you 'd be absolutely right . Jackie Curtis is the `` pushy broad '' of the three , and she thinks she may be a lesbian ; Candy Darling is the rich pretty girl who wants a crack at fame and fortune on the silver screen and who does n't want to become involved in this whole feminist thing ; and Holly Woodlawn is the nympho from hell who keeps saying that she 's lesbian but who also keeps a space between her legs for the various men that come her way . Of the three , Curtis is perhaps the most memorable , but only because she is the most overbearing ; Darling and Woodlawn are n't quite as dire , but then they are n't quite as obnoxious , either.It is difficult to evaluate a film like WOMEN IN REVEOLT for the simple reason that nobody had done anything like it before it came out -- and few have done anything like it since . I personally found it interesting for about ten minutes ; it thereafter became very repetitive , unfunny , ungrounded , unshocking , and tiresome . Warhol might turn over in his grave when I say it , but the simple truth is that the unintentionally bad -- and three years earlier -- film VALLEY OF THE DOLLS does much the same plot ... and quite a bit better and with considerable panache.Sorry , girls.GFT , Amazon Reviewer
 This is such a miserable mess . And I really wanted to like it since I regularly watch the other Paul Morrisey flicks like `` Trash , '' `` Heat '' and `` Flesh . '' About the only fascinating angle to this jumbled work is to see it as a snapshot of a vanished era when Candy Darling and Jackie Curtis and all the others are frozen on film at their peaks . If John Waters had taken control of this movie , it would have become a genuine underground classic that you could enjoy even today -- like Water 's `` Mondo Trasho '' and of course , `` Pink Flamingos . '' But no one appears to know anything about camera angles , or editing , or script writing . I know , I know , some find this the charm of Morrisey 's work with Warhol 's gang -- their ad libbing and their natural qualities . In some scenes , you see the elbows of others on the set but the camera never shows them . Towards the end , you see Holly Woodlawn stumbling along the Bowery as an alcoholic . In last week 's , NY Post , Page Six noted that Woodlawn was in an alcoholic coma , a tragic turn-of-event for one of the Warhol gang 's most likeable personalities .
 Movies like this are why retailers NEED tight return policies on videos . _ Women in Revolt _ is a complete waste of time and money . I would put the copy I purchased up for sale , but I do n't need any bad karma comin ' round to bite me in the a ** for pawning off this junk on some poor , unsuspecting soul.Maybe this is some kind of an `` artsy '' trademark of Warhol/Morrissey films , but it seems to me that all of the actors -LRB- and probably the director & cameraman , too -RRB- had gotten high and were ad-libbing the entire `` script . '' I generally enjoy underground cinema , but seriously , the dialog in this movie reminded me of a bunch of pre-school aged children acting out some naughty little play . -LRB- However , I 've got ta admit it was refreshing to see most all of the gratuitous full frontal nudity being displayed by men for a change . So if you 're into pre-op transsexuals and nekkid men , I guess this movie would n't be such a bad deal for ya . -RRB-
 As a big fan of Paul Morrissey 's great movies `` Flesh for Frankenstein '' and `` Blood for Dracula '' , I could n't believe how worse `` Trash '' is compared to them . `` Women in revolt '' is even more terrible than `` Trash '' . The bad plot and the poor acting are giving me stomach cramps . this movie is a complete waste of precious time ! So avoid it immediately !
 A mediocre , unfunny and old-fashionned moovie . The only reason why I give it 2 stars are the scenes featuring DIANA BARTON . She totally lights up the film with her unique and sensual ways . Diana is without a doubt one of the most beautiful actress in the world . Watch `` Skin Deep '' for her !
 This movie has been wildly overpraised here , in my opinion . What ca n't be overpraised is the physique of Raye Hollitt , who has a short , memorable scene as a female bodybuilder who gives John Ritter 's character more than he bargained for . Her muscular body is breathtakingly beautiful , providing for one of the sexiest scenes in recent movie history . The rest of the movie I could do without . Merely OK .
 I am a fan of Blake Edwards movies , as well as John Ritter . Blake Edwards has made some extremely funny movies . This , unfortunately was not one of them . There was maybe 2 minutes total of the movie that were funny . Otherwise it was a painfully dull & even somewhat sour movie .
 Fell asleep while watching this movie , twice ! It started out well enough , but then kept getting bogged down with all the scenes where he just talks to the bartender or to the shrink.Never would have rented it except to see Robert Dowdell -LRB- VTTBOTS -RRB- in a bit part ...
 This is the definitive one-star movie . Major studio , proven director , interesting idea . Completely awful . I felt bored , used , and soiled watching this horrible film . See all Blake Edwards ' films before this one . In fact , just watch `` The Party '' and `` Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' and leave it at that . Life is too short .
 This film is complete tripe . I could n't believe what an honest and intimate portrait of friendship and artistic drive that the book represented in the four photographers . I also found that it -LRB- the story -RRB- was almost Shakespearean in the scale of tragedy that befell all of the men in pursuit of the ` perfect picture ' . Unfortunately none of this is represented in this film.It 's pure fluff . It feels like it was put together by a robot . One of those robots from the 80 's designed by Russian space chimp.Go and read the book . Seriously . And I 'm not the kind of person that always thinks that books are better then the films . I understand that they are different mediums.The director should go back to making Channel Z Shark Attack documentary 's . God forbid somebody actually lets him near anything of any worth . I would probably let him make a Philadlphia cheese commercial , but that 's to the absolute extent of it.Now stop reading this and go and buy a copy of the book , written by Marinovich -LRB- who regrets letting the clown-shoes-of-a - director make a film out it -RRB- and Joao Silva . You 'll thank me.And if you still want to watch this film , hit yourself over the head with a tack hammer and then snort some wassabi paste . They say bad experiences come in three 's .
 The irony of a movie about photography , directed by someone who 's apparently never heard of a TRIPOD ! There 's way too much of this idiotic trend in film making of this intentional hand held `` effect '' by continually moving the camera around , up and down , zoom in-out , shake , shake shake . It 's sad to see this tawdry television fad finding its way into big screen movies . I would have really liked to see this film but I could n't even finish the movie . It gave me a headache . Too bad , I suspect it had subject content that I would have found to be very interesting . I certainly hope this camera shake fad does n't go much further . It 's ruining a number of otherwise tolerable and some rather good scripts .
 Not exactly what I was expecting . And although they did mention &#34; BangBang Club &#34; in the movie it does not tie it in well . If you can rent it instead of buying , that would probably be a good idea . Not a good representation of Taylor Kitsch 's potential . He has done much , much better .
 I bought this DVD and returned it for a refund . The picture and sound quality were horrible . Do n't buy any Triad Productions products . My 1-star reviews keep getting removed by these scammers . I will keep posting them !
 The quality is marginal . Many movies from this time period are of much higher quality . Lack of menu and extras . Just OK but cool movie overall .
 The plot
 Tourneur was a director of great visual imagination -- but how do you show this in a film that has chemical decomposition and even blistering running down its center through roughly half its length ? Add to that several lengthy missing scenes in the middle , and a few missing shorter sequences elsewhere , and you 've got a problem getting the essence of the man 's vision across to even veteran archival film lovers who can accept a good quality print of Griffith . I enjoyed it , but I was willing to work through all the screen garbage to see some of the beauty that was buried , there . My wife just rubbed her eyes.So kudos to the Eastman folks for holding this print , and making it available , and to the music team for creating such a sympathetic score . But nobody restored this work , and Kino took its usual cheap way out of extras by simply printing on screen a laudatory review from the original film 's opening , and a couple of acts from the original play . Not a commentary in sight , or bios of the director , or actors , or listing of Tourneur 's films.So cavaet emptor
 It 's hard to take bad reviews seriously when everyone else says a film is great , especially a restored silent by a big name director . But hear me out ... I rented this based on the gushing reviews it 's gotten and because I 'm a big fan of silent films ; but it 's not just because of the production design . There 's also the storytelling element , and in this regard , The Blue Bird , frankly , sucks.Haven ' t heard of the story before ? That 's because this film is based on a very didactic 19th century play for children that has NOT withstood the test of time . It 's sort of amusing at first , watching the characters of The Soul of Bread and The Soul of Water come to life in interpretive dance ... sort of . . but then come the characters , one by one , like a long lecture , with names like `` Can eat when not hungry '' . And the punch line , in an hour plus , is the old Gilded Age saw
 You may have noticed that word of this silent film HAS N'T come down thru the generations extolling it as a classic not to be missed . That omission seems to be well deserved.I found this to be a ponderous movie . It took almost a half hour to start on its journey to find the Blue Bird of Happiness . That time was spent in a claustrophobic room in a peasant 's cottage introducing characters who would accompany the young boy and girl on their journey . Accompany . Most of them barely participated.When the journey finally starts , it begins promisingly . Before long I realized that they were just going to visit various palaces -LRB- eg , the Palace of the Night -RRB- which were supposed to be magical . And , a graveyard for reasons that you should discover yourself.The fault appears to be the other Maurice -- Maurice Maeterlinck -- who wrote the play this movie was based on . Maeterlinck evidently lacked the lofty imagination required to make this fantasy take flight . Too many discoveries felt flat . Then , things got worse . It turned preachy -LRB- messages that many people echo today -- but not me -RRB- . As a final disappointment , there really was n't a dramatic resolution to the story . It 's ending will remind you of a couple other movies . And this film suffers in comparison since those films were so much better.As for Maurice Tourneur 's contribution , there are only a few visual treats . He relied too much on primative camera tricks to entertain the audience.My stingy rating does n't even take into account the severe deterioration suffered by the film master . This film is about 90 years old , after all . And age has n't improved it .
 Since this is one of my top four all-time favorite films and I love films passionately , I am ABSOLUTELY beside myself in fury and anger at the HORRIBLE packaging on this magnificent film . I could forgive the lack of extras . I know A LOT of people working for these international movie conglomerates do n't give a damn about the Classics -LRB- or even movies in general , really -RRB- . But the lack of thought that went into the packaging of this truly great , PERFECT , scene-by-scene - , shot-by-shot , movie is STAGGERING . Not only do they include a throwaway line of dialog in the middle of the images , not only do they clutter it up with a bunch of extras from a scene in the boxing ring ... they picture the villianess , not the heroine , with the hero ! Where is the original poster art !!!!! THe insert art !!! The half sheet art !!! The reissue art !!! There . isnt . even . a . booklet . . or . flyer . inside . NOTHING ! This looks like a release that belongs in the cheapie bin with the public domain stuff . Columbia Pictures . . I am shouting . At . YOU !
 Green Chimneys is an RTC/abuse mill in Brewster NY . Dr. Samuel B. Ross Jr. made his living by promoting animals . This whole dvd is about lauding him and saying that animals cure every thing . Animals were more important than the kids who were sent to Green Chimneys . Animals were not abused . Kids were . You can read about Eric Napoletano inMama 's Boy
 For everyone and anyone who is interested in this non-profit organization . Please continue your research into this org . There is a facebook page `` Green Chimney Survivors '' as well as a Petition online to get Green Chimneys closed for good . There are multiple accounts from children in the 70 's up until the 2000 's about massive abuse by Rich King and the founder Mr. Ross as well as many others . We all know after the scandals in the Catholic Church that coming forward after years of abuse is difficult , especially when it took place at an idyllic place like Green Chimneys . If any of these accounts-if even ONE-is true-Green Chimneys needs to be held accountable . Unfortunately , very horrible things can happen at places where very wonderful things can occur as well . But people need to start asking questions.I too loved and love the ideas of this place , however after reading the accounts online , I can not turn a blind eye . Eric Lau , Philip Zagarella and Eric Napoletano are 3 dangerous men who raped and killed people and all came from Green Chimneys . `` All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . '' ~ Edmund BurkePlease I beg anyone reading this post , do n't do nothing .
 There are people out there who gave this movie 5 stars . 5 ! And they said this was scary . This is actually one of the weirdest movies I have ever seen . It is filled with tons of sexual innuendo . Everything from pedophilia to lesbianism . If that what people find scary , then perhaps it is . The person who played LEMORA looks like some dude with a mild case of acromegaly . And not surprisingly , she has never been in another movie . The people who gave this movie 4 or 5 stars are either NOT horror movie fans , or are basing there reviews soley on nostalgia . Perhaps this movie was scary some 30 yrs . ago , but today it only comes off as weird . If you are really interested in horror movies , read my other reviews for good horror movies .
 I rented this movie on Amazon because it had received positive reviews on iMDB as a horror flick.It was a major letdown . This movie is filmed entirely in darkness it seems , and the production values are really low-tech . The acting , plot , and diologue are horrible . It was like watching a bad high school production .
 This film is n't very interesting or well made . If your the type of person who enjoys hunting down obscurities in search of hidden gems then your going to be disappointed . On the other hand if you enjoy laughing at badly made garbage -LRB- with admittedly some imagination -RRB- then you might get something out of this . I would n't put much stock in the 5 star reviews flying round the place .
 This movie is just weird , not scary , and pretty boring . It is almost like a weirded up story of little red riding hood being chased by a vampire and her little demons . Of course , you have to remember it was made in 1975 and probably did scare children back then . I had to skip chapters just to get through this one ! Gave it 2 stars basically for its originality for 1975 standards .
 I bought this DVD , because all these good review about it an all . When I receive the DVD and watch it . What the silly stupid peace of cheesy crap this movie is , not scary at all . Ca n't believe this crap came to DVD , very cheap and cheesy stage , and acting was the `` WORST OF ALL '' . I do n't pay even a dollar for this crap , and u guys gives 4 to 5 stars ????? Maybe that 's for lame movie ever seen and made !!!! U guys Trippin BIG TIME !!!
 This film was fairly interesting in parts , but the plot did n't make any sense . Brenda Marshall plays an interesting person - a woman scientist - which was rare in the 1940 's . However , the film loses credibility when she has an accident and is disfigured . She has plastic surgery and changes identities . However , she looks the same as she did before , but no one seems to recognize her . That particular item spoiled the movie for me.Ruth Ford plays a tough blackmailer and Hillary Brooke portrays a really bad lady . William Gargan is very ineffective as Brenda Marshall 's love interest . His usual vibrant personality is really subdued here.Anthony Mann is the director and he does a credible job , but the writing is amateurish and the whole production looks very shoddy.The print itself is pretty good and there is a certain film noir feeling to it.I liked the fact that Brenda Marshall played an intelligent scientist and that the women had very strong roles , but the overall impression that I went away with was disappointment
 I really wanted to like this movie , if only for it 's strangeness , but was too disappointed with the writing and lowly production values - and the gigantic holes in the plot .
 A chemist -LRB- Brenda Marshall -RRB- working on a new anesthetic takes the product home and tries it out . Her assistant -LRB- Hilary Brooke -RRB- , who may be after Marshalls ' husband , arranges an `` accident '' that reults in Marshalls ' face being disfigured . Marshall then murders a woman trying to blackmail her over a previous car accident and has to go on the lam with the dead womans ' identity . She plots to take revenge and everything snowballs into a nightmare worse than before . The finale sees it all as just a weird hallucination she experienced from the drug . Huh ? All this mumbo jumbo is played out in a very short running time . I would n't call this a `` movie '' so much as a cheap experimental student project . There are no production values at all . The sets are cardboard and the acting is dull and at times amateurish . I know that Anthony Mann has a reputation as a low budget film noirist but this is the cheapest attempt at telling a story I 've seen in a while . Ulmer 's `` Detour '' is pretty cheap but at least it 's interesting . This was interesting at first but the ending just left me flat . Low budget is one thing but out and out cheap is another . I will not fault this films ' defenders . To each his or her own . But it 's just too cheap for me to see more than once . So it 's recommended for Manns ' fans and others with their curiosity meter turned WAY up .
 Story went nowhere for the amount of acting talent involved . I kept thinking it was going to build up to something & before I knew it the Unclimatic ending was there in front of me.Very disappointed but ... . oh well .
 We did not complete watching this movie . Since the rating was NR , we assumed it would be a decent movie but much to our disappointment , it should have been rated R . The GD word , plus others was used so often it turned our stomachs . I am sorry I purchased this movie and paid out my money . This DVD will end up going through the shredder .
 As usual , Robert Duvall 's acting was phenomenal - why I purchased the movie - BUT the movie itself was pointless and boring . My husband and I fell asleep ... when we woke up Robert Duvall 's character was dead ! Enough said .
 Absolutely , utterly and completely boring . This has to be Duvall 's worst movie ever . The story line was about an old man who , it seemed , had lost his mind . I kept waiting for a plot or something to happen , but there was nothing . The only part that included `` convicts '' was in the first scene and then just an old man 's rambling imagination . Nearly every sentence contains `` G ** damn '' in it . The coffin scene was hideous.Ok , I sat bolt upright , took my ginseng , B-12 and Acai berry and I still feel like falling asleep it is so dull . This movie was a terrible . Not worth watching even if you paid $ 1 for it . So , if you have a hard time falling asleep , just pop this movie in , you will be out in 60 seconds tops ... ZZZZZ !
 Sorely disappointed in this movie which was painfully boring . I am a huge Robert Duvall fan but would advise his true fans to stick to Lonesome Dove , his best work ever . I did check the 5 star reviews before buying this dvd but feel I was totally misled . As the saying goes , `` What were they thinking ?! '' The CONTINUAL cursing was such a turnoff as well as the constant gibberish from Duvall 's character . The viewer gets that his mind has gone to pot in the first 15 minutes of the film and thinks there will be a storyline somewhere but no , 't is not so .
 Do n't waste your money like I did ... Robert Duvall westerns are usually great but this one was MAD !!!!!!
 Just watched this last night . It 's the most boring film I 've seen in years , and what important life truths did the boy learn from the convicts ? Never did figure that one out . It was almost a complete zero ; even the makeup was poor . The purple eyeshadow on Duvall did n't convey age as much as make him look like a grandpa closet queen .
 This is one of those movies that had about 30 minutes worth of script , and they stretched it into 90 by covering the same ground over and over . The performances are good . I 'm a fan of Duvall and Jones , but this film was a waste of their talents .
 This movie lacked the luster I expect from Robert Duvall . It was an endless journey into boredom , at least for me .
 Strange stuff -- Duvall rants , gibbers , and fires a shotgun into an empty closet . Haas watches , listens , and smiles a lot . The great James Earl Jones wanders in , scratches his beard and mutters to himself , and walks out again . If this sounds like your kind of thing , jump right in . But nobody 's ever going to claim this is Horton Foote 's finest hour .
 Actually , I bought it because I like Duvall 's acting -- it does n't get any better than Lonesome Dove -- but in this movie he was lost . The whole movie moved without purpose . When the movie ended , I was left wonder -- what did you just watch ? I think Duvall should erase his name from the movie and hope no one else watches it . Poor writing ; poor dialouge ; poor acting ; poor storyline .
 90 + minutes of same dialogue by a drunkard ! Disappointed that Duvall would participate in such a no-nothing piece of filming .
 I thought with these tremedeous actors , this was a no way to miss . Not so . I was very disappointed . You never really knew the root of the bitterness and pain of this story . It was just bleak and depressing with very little essence .
 All of the acting was good in this movie , I just did n't care much to see Duvall walk around all day drunk and mean.Mr . Jones and Robert Duvall should spend their talent on better ventures .
 Low budget nonsense . The acting is bad and script is worse . There is no plot . Do not waste your time .
 The worst movie I 've ever seen , made with a bunch of ROOKIES and those 5 stars reviews were made by themselves more likely , because the plot does n't make sense and the spectator has no clue of whats going on in scenes that are poorly performed . Awful , do n't waste your money in even renting like I did , thanks god that is was only $ 1 . oo dollar in the red box , but , this movie is not worth it even that .
 I wanted to watch a little vintage horror , and came across this moldy oldy . Basically there is a teenage girl who comes to stay with her grandma , who has converted her deceased husband 's funeral home into a bed and breakfast . People turn up missing who have been a guests at grandma 's place , and a local rookie cop is trying to unravel the mystery . The teenage girl is dating the rookie cop 's brother , and they have their own investigation going on.Nothing much happens in this movie until the end , when there are some ungraphic gore effects and a mummified corpse . The transfer of this film is abyssmal . You can barely make out any details when it is dark.Overall , boring and with a ridiculous ending . Avoid .
 This film is complete tripe . I could n't believe what an honest and intimate portrait of friendship and artistic drive that the book represented in the four photographers . I also found that it -LRB- the story -RRB- was almost Shakespearean in the scale of tragedy that befell all of the men in pursuit of the ` perfect picture ' . Unfortunately none of this is represented in this film.It 's pure fluff . It feels like it was put together by a robot . One of those robots from the 80 's designed by Russian space chimp.Go and read the book . Seriously . And I 'm not the kind of person that always thinks that books are better then the films . I understand that they are different mediums.The director should go back to making Channel Z Shark Attack documentary 's . God forbid somebody actually lets him near anything of any worth . I would probably let him make a Philadlphia cheese commercial , but that 's to the absolute extent of it.Now stop reading this and go and buy a copy of the book , written by Marinovich -LRB- who regrets letting the clown-shoes-of-a - director make a film out it -RRB- and Joao Silva . You 'll thank me.And if you still want to watch this film , hit yourself over the head with a tack hammer and then snort some wassabi paste . They say bad experiences come in three 's .
 The irony of a movie about photography , directed by someone who 's apparently never heard of a TRIPOD ! There 's way too much of this idiotic trend in film making of this intentional hand held `` effect '' by continually moving the camera around , up and down , zoom in-out , shake , shake shake . It 's sad to see this tawdry television fad finding its way into big screen movies . I would have really liked to see this film but I could n't even finish the movie . It gave me a headache . Too bad , I suspect it had subject content that I would have found to be very interesting . I certainly hope this camera shake fad does n't go much further . It 's ruining a number of otherwise tolerable and some rather good scripts .
 Not exactly what I was expecting . And although they did mention &#34; BangBang Club &#34; in the movie it does not tie it in well . If you can rent it instead of buying , that would probably be a good idea . Not a good representation of Taylor Kitsch 's potential . He has done much , much better .
 THIS NEVER ARRIVED . I HAVE CONTACTED THE SELLER BUT ALL HE WOULD SAY WAS THAT IT WAS SENT . HE NEVER TRIED TO MAKE IT RIGHT .
 Season 6 is no doubt the worst of the six . At season 4 it was already clear that the producers are unable to acquire good acting talent and Sutherland 's suffering from nepotism increases with each season . The plot could have been made realistic were it not for Sutherland 's invincibility , awful playscript and poor acting performance . The script needs an extreme makeover in terms of vocabulary and whitty lines to prevent viewers like me going braindead having to listen to it.A `` C '' rated series with no depth and a producer and actor that clearly seems full of himself and it .
 Watch seasons 2-5 and you have an incredible portrayal of the man and the community that surrounds him . And you have great plot -LRB- with the dumb `` override '' section of season 4 a sorry exception -RRB- . Maybe there was nowhere to go after season 5 but down . Season 6 so far takes the hoakiness to a new level . The new CTU characters are more unlikable than ever , even O'Brian 's makeover seems to have really distorted her character . And Morris ? Why should I care if he drinks or not ? The potential of Karen Hayes to become a full-fledged character - as Michelle or the other female CTU head did - has so far been shelved and she now plays a one-dimensional 2nd fiddle to Peter McNichol 's patented grimaces and ticks . Nadia and her boyfriend are absolutely sickening to watch . The scene of them making out in CTU was the most insulting and shallow moment I 've ever seen on the show!Mr . Sutherland has expressed concerns abou the freshness of the show . We 've seen so many of these plot elements before ! Nuclear threat , presidential threat , CTU tortures its own , Jack tortures an always-guilty suspect . Oh God , PLEASE do n't let Kim appear again in another `` Perils of Pauline '' subplot!There is no change in the tone . It 's all at `` 11 '' all the time . That 's fine for Casino Royale , but not for a series.The few plusses I can think of
 It pains me to trash this show on Amazon , because seasons 1,2 , and 5 are truly great . This season feels like a made for basic cable action show that would air every Sunday at 2 AM . Every plot device , formula , etc. , is recycled here from the other seasons , almost to the point where they feel literally cut and pasted .
 I just finished watching season 6 and I 'm so disappointed by what used to be one of my favourite shows ! I 'd give 4-5 stars for episodes 1-10 , 3 stars for 11-18 and 0 stars for 19-24 . But since the end is very important , I only gave one star.The plot seems so confused , it does not seem right . A good point to end the season would have been approx . episode 18 , where the major opponents had been eliminated . But no - the season carried on ... I started to wonder.Amazon.com shows `` 2001 '' as production date . Is it possible that most of season 6 was produced in 2001 and then - maybe in the light of 9/11 - the season was put on hold and later reinvented ? Was Wayne Palmer added later to create a bridge to season 5 ? Since he spent most of the season in a coma I would not be surprised ; - -RRB- To me it seems like episode 18 was meant to be the end . And then some one started to cut out stuff in order to get some space to air it after season 5 . Some strange plot twists were added , namely Jack 's evil brother and father . Initially the Arabs were attacking , but then it was the Russians , then the Chinese and almost again the Russians , and Jack 's father helped them all . The White House was conspiring too . It 's as if they found it hard to pick an enemy and so chose to combine them all . 4 major enemies in one day ? Watching this did not feel like 24 hours but 24 days ... It 's the first time that 24 really bored me . I hope they do a better job on season 7 .
 Let 's review
 I have watched 24 since its debut . It was at the time , the best show on TV . Perfect mix of action , suspense , emotion , with a new real-time format.All seasons have been high-quality , except for Season 4 , but I wo n't get into those details now . The problems I see with 24 in Season 6 are :1 . The show has become increasingly violent . Torture is used often , with fingers being cut as easily as blinking an eye .2 . The show is fostering the `` us against them mentality '' . But now it 's not just against Arabs , but also the Chinese , and the Russians . And the answer ? Let 's just nuke them . So with this approach , we can nuke half the world , and torture the other half . We will live happily ever after embracing our nukes until the radiation fallout from all the bombs we 've used reaches us .3 . Because torture and/or gore is so prevalent in the show , there is no element of surprise . For example , when Jack is looking for Gredenko , and CTU is still receiving a signal even though Jack ca n't find him ; I knew he had cut off his arm ; and left it behind .4 . Jack has become a character devoid of humanity . A torture provider . I think this is not only the result of having him use torture so often , but also the fact that all the characters who gave him his personal side are gone . I did not buy his story with Marylin . He just does n't seem capable of loving anyone anymore .5 . With the exception of a few characters like Bill Buchanan , and Karen Hayes , everyone feels like a caricature . Doyle seems to have been brought in as Jack 's replacement if Sutherland quits the show .6 . Chloe is as annoying as ever , but when the show was good , she was bearable , now she 's just another negative . Same for her boyfriend Morris .7 . Milo is not credible in the role , and his involvement with Nadia , and their kiss in the middle of the nuclear bomb crisis and in the office , was just ridiculous .8 . How many times are they going to recycle the same ideas ? Can we have some originality?In any case , this is it for me . No more 24 . Sad evolution for a show that from a scale of 1 to 10 was really a `` 24 '' .
 This season of 24 started out very strongly with suspense at every turn . By a little past mid-season the writing -LRB- and many of the performances -RRB- completely fell apart .
 This season was such a disappointment .1 . Why is Wayne Palmer the President of the United States ? It does not compute , makes ZERO sense , and was a stupid move . Wayne was not even a compelling character - watching him during his coma scenes was hardly different than when he was `` on the job '' as President . The best part of Wayne 's Presidency was his evil Vice President Noah . He was awesome ! 2 . What ever happened to Charles Logan ? Did Martha kill him ? Did he survive ? Will he be back ? 3 . Who thought it was a good idea to kill Tony ? With Tony 's supposed death , a big part of why I love 24 died . I know that Tony may NOT be dead , since he did n't get the Silent Clock at the end of the episode ... please , let it be so .4 . Why did Jack have to KILL Curtis ? Are you telling me that he could n't have just shot him in the arm or in the thigh ? 5 . The entire twisted plot with Jack 's family was bizarre and unsatisfying.I admit , I spent most of the season reading Dave Barry 's real-time 24 blog while the show was on . It was much more interesting and exciting . I think the blog readers should write the next season . Something happened after the first four hours - which were , by the way , excellent - I could suspend my disbelief at Jack 's superb physical condition after being in a Chinese prison . It seemed like the writers ran out of creative energy after hour four.Here 's hoping season seven is an improvement . I have heard some rumors about certain characters returning , and I hope they 're true - otherwise , 24 will definitely have jumped the shark for me .
 The end of season five hinted that Jack would have to bust his way out of China . After a season that topped all others , and after a presidential betrayal , where else could they go , but someplace completely new?Instead they decided to play it cheap production-wise and simply resorted to tricks for tricks sake . It seemed like every two weeks , they trotted out a new -LRB- old -RRB- story line , hoping something would click , and when it did n't they killed some characters . A lot of the storylines went nowhere and were soon forgotten like so many Mexican drug cartels . This show is over . The shark has been jumped , but not before being tortured tooth by tooth for 24 toothless episodes .
 Season 5 was by most accounts a pretty great season of 24 . I 'm not sure I personally agree it was the show 's best , because it was in season 5 where the show began to revisit a few old themes and feel a little slow in the middle of the season . By and large though , there were enough interesting storylines and great acting to make up for whatever faults it might have had.Season 6 , however , is another story altogether . By the time Season 6 began , the show had a reached a point where it was suffering from `` overkill . '' Other than Jack himself -LRB- and Chloe -RRB- , most of the most popular characters -LRB- David Palmer , Tony Almeida , Michelle Dessler , Nina Myers , etc. -RRB- had already been killed off . One of the things that had made 24 great was that the show was willing to do away with anyone at anytime . It made the show unpredictable and rivoting . However , introducing new characters with no real ties to Jack does n't have quite the same impact . Sure , Bill Buchanon is an all-right guy , but we all know he 's just going to die anyway . Does anyone really care anymore ? He 's just another body in a large count at this point.This is one major problem the show faced at the beginning of season six . Nonetheless , the show had a lot of promise in the beginning . Jack -LRB- Kiefer Sutherland , still brilliant albeit not given the chance to shine as much this season due to weak material -RRB- had just been released by the Chinese and seemed beaten down and unable to be the hero he 'd always been . By the end of the show 's fourth hour , The United States faces a horrid attack that bring Bauer out of this weakened state . Unfortunately , it also marks the point where this season begins to suck.The new Jack was n't the heroic powerhouse the old Jack had been , but this was an interesting character development . Soon enough , Jack is just the same old Jack doing the same old things we 've always seen him do . Old Plotlines are repeated throughout the season including trying to remove the President from power , a mole in CTU who is n't really a mole , etc. . All of these ideas were great the first time we saw them , but it 's just getting old at this point . One of the greatest things about 24 was its ability to reinvent itself each season , but it just is n't enough of a reinvention anymore . And when we are offered new things -LRB- such as an introduction to the rest of the Bauer clan -RRB- , it just comes off lame.By the middle of the season , I was actually falling asleep in the middle of 24 episodes . That 's never a good sign . Fans urged me to keep my head up , assuring me there would be a twist coming that would make all the weak episodes worth while . Well ... that amazing twist never came . The show is coming back for a seventh season , but I just think this is a show that would have been better served to quit while it was ahead . Anyway , as much as people might hate me for saying so , I think this is a good season to skip altogether . The show 's legacy will really be judged by its first five great seasons , and it 's at that point now that some shows get to -LRB- The X-Files , for instance -RRB- where the best is over but they continue onward nonetheless . At least I still have LOST .
 I own all 1-5 seasons and love all of them very dearly . Obviously , I could n't wait to own the 6th season . Sigh ... Whoever wrote this season did a very very bad job . I could predict everything , every line , who was guilty , who will do this and that . Also , lines were so cheesy that I could not believe ! Usually , I watch this show for 24 hours without sleeping because I ca n't wait to see what happened after . But 6th season took me over a week to finish because it bored me so much . I only finished it just for the sake of finishing it . I do n't know if I should wait for the 7th season now . Very disappointed . But I 'll recommend the previous 5 seasons to everyone . Just do n't buy the 6th season . Not worth it .
 First off
 This season of 24 left me changing my mind every other week a new episode aired . The 1st 4 episodes ok . They had the right amount of action with a mixture of suspense . Only 2 problems with them .1 -RRB- The whole thing where Jack was going to sacrifice himself
 Is this important ? I 've got a lot on my plate right now . I 'm going to suggest to CTU , homeland security and the secret service to ban inter departmental relationships - they just do n't work . Oooh the evil arch enemy brother - so shakespearian . What a twist to have someone on the white house staff wearing a black hat and working against the president . Did not see that coming . Someone needs to introduce JB to the variable speed drill . We now have different settings available to us to apply to different situations . Similarly today 's actor does n't have to be either calm or screaming - he/she can use degrees of emotion . The season is worth watching just for the delivery of the image enhancement scene `` borrowed '' from `` no way out '' . Sure dad you can pick thru your sons belongings at CTU unsupervised-heck leads shmeads we 'll even turn off the cameras so we wo n't see you erasing phone numbers . What 's up with the Palmer presidencies ? They both somehow manage to select a cabinet that is diametrically opposed to their own politics and philosophies . How the hell does CTU pull up the plans for any given house in LA ? Is this the Matrix ? What happened to the nuclear fallout in Valencia ? For a guy who just spent 2 years in a Chinese prison to repeat another assault on a foreign consulate during his first few hours back on home soil is a wee bit far fetched , but the fact that he could , immediately after torturing the console , convince a soviet lackey to do his bidding is a complete sham . Rickey Shroder 's mini jack does n't exactly inspire , but it 's good to see everyone still questioning chain of command at CTU . Fun to see Rick the only assault team member on the front lines without a helmet . The Deadwood VP runs his office like a wild west saloon . The latest in an absurd series of characters hell bent on taking over the highest office in the land . Why no black hat to help out the poor viewer to decide if we should support his efforts . Hey we 're down to our last lead so lets proceed with as small a team as possible - perimeter be damned . He cut off his arm ! We 'll it 's been a few seasons since we had to cut off an arm . Does anyone screw up a surveillance detail like CTU ? Did you see the memo on tunnels ? I ` llll go ahead and see that you get one . Devane 's reaction to JB is off the wall-again with the black hat . The Ruskies threaten a declaration of war over bungled espionage that they largely initiated ? Seriously . Is CTU the easiest federal installation to infiltrate or what ? The rent a cop guards might as well have big red targets painted on them . Nice sting on the Rusky spy . Let 's use a complete neophyte and then set up 3 flights down in a truck . CTU should have a work station designated just for folks taking over command and and/or analyzing in-house screw ups . Did Ricky just say `` damn it '' ? Spring for a few more takes next time since that one lacked any conviction . The old bomb in the circuit board trick . JB the first secret agent ever unable to puncture an inflatable boat with a bullet . Since when ca n't you call off an air strike ? Heck they pulled it off in the Rock . Proceed with extreme caution .
 Most of the other reviews here have captured the disappointment of 24 fans . I was , and suppose am still , the kind of fan that forbade anyone to call or interupt me while watching the show . I wanted to be swept up in it and often was . Even though some elements of the show repeated themselves over the seasons , it was still done in a fresh and suspenseful way . The sixth season ? It became almost a parody of itself . Too many torture scenes , too much patriotic rhetoric pounded over our heads as justificition for what was happening , too little interpersonal interaction . One of the reasons Season 5 was so good was that we got to see more sides of characters like Buchanan , or the arc Karen Hayes had , or the complex relationships between the Logans . I wo n't beat a dead horse with more critique , but here 's to hoping season 7 will bring back the edge of your seat excitement we all love about the show ...
 I entirely agree with those reviewers who think season 6 was awful . Having said that , I actually thought the season had gotten off to a promising start ... too bad it went off the rails so quickly . For me , the major drawing point of the show has always been -LRB- Sutherland 's brilliant portrayal of -RRB- the character of Jack Bauer . Here we have -LRB- or had , anyway -RRB- a finely nuanced take on the classic tragic hero figure . What made Bauer such a compelling character in previous seasons was that he was always presented as the only person who could get the job done , the guy to whom all the really hard choices would invariably fall . For example , decisions about whether to resort to the extremity of torture.Whatever your ethical and political views about the legitimacy of torture as a means of extracting information in the real world , I think most of you would agree that , in the past anyway , 24 's depiction of this was always very earnest , if not quite sophisticated . -LRB- Lengthy philosophical discussions about rights vs. utility vis a vis torture would likely not make for very good ratings . -RRB- With season 6 , unfortunately , this earnestness has virtually disappeared.Part of what was so fascinating about Jack Bauer was that the guy was nearly always the one who ended up having to do the `` interrogating . '' You could n't help but wonder what his continually having to commit these horrific acts might be doing to him on the inside ; and to my mind , this is really where Kiefer Sutherland 's acting chops shone through . In fact , we were given a glimpse into Bauer 's damaged mental interior when , early on in season 6 , he watches in horror as Hamri Al-Assad tortures the guy who betrayed him to Fayed . He says `` I do n't know how to do this anymore ... '' or something to that effect.I was really hoping that this scene would be the start of a much more personal , self-probing psychological look at Jack Bauer as he begins to confront his inner demons . Obviously , the writers had other things in mind . In hardly any time , Bauer 's back in form , torturing and killing left and right . But this is a different Bauer from the one we 've seen in previous seasons
 This was easily the worst day of 24 ever . The first 4 hours were great -LRB- which is why it gets 2 stars and not 1 -RRB- and the rest of the day seemed to drag on with no real plot devlopment and storylines just being in there for the sake of being there . Another major problem was the lack of great actors that were previously on the show to replaced with hacks such as - Nadia , Doyle , New Palmer -LRB- and his sister who is super annoying -RRB- . The only good actors this season are Jack , Buchanon , and V.P. Daniels -LRB- Powers Booth from Sin City and Deadwood -RRB- . Even if you are a diehard 24 fan skip this season as it is a complete waste . At best watch it for free - it would be a shame to waste money on it .
 If you have never seen a season of 24 , then maybe you 'd like Season Six much more than I did . I 've seen much of the story line before , and what is new , I wish I had n't seen . Did anyone really need a love interest for Cloe ? Can you say zero chemistry ? The characters are weak , -LRB- Jack 's dad and brother - really ???? Whatever . -RRB- It was rarely suspensful - felt like we 've been there before - oh wait , Jack escaping , shooting a good guy to help a bad guy and nuke explosion . Yup , been there .
 Man , things were going great for the most violent prime time TV show ever -LRB- less the killing of Curtis - one of those moments where clearly the writers simply wants to shock the audience or need to get rid of the actor for some reason -RRB- . Things went downhill -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- after the Fayed plot was solved . By `` downhill '' I do n't mean disater , because a show of this magnitude , where each episode has so many differnt scenarios , shot on locatiosns cenes , special effects , etc , rarely is mediocre . You get the feel that the everyone involved is giving their best.What I mean by downhil is the above mentioned people -LRB- cast , producers , technical guys , writers -RRB- giving their best for a flawed premise . The Chinese / Russian plot was so farfetched , so forced , so unplausible . After all , the advantage of obtaining some secret technologie about your enemy is useful since he does not know that you possess his defense technology ! Also , to see Audrey Raines appears only briefly and as a `` zombie '' was a bad call.Well , that 's it . Anyway , I think the show still did not jump the shark , but this will happen soon .
 This was an incredibly maddening season - it just seemed to go from one preposterous weakness to another . It STARTED with a nuclear explosion on American soil . Where do you go from there ? By the middle of the season -LRB- 12 hours into the story -RRB- everyone seems to have forgotten that we had just suffered a nuclear holocaust ! The former president is stabbed by his nutty ex-wife and then ... nothing ! He , his ex and former Secret Service agent Aaron just disappear . This happens to characters throughout the season . All this may be explained by the fact that the writers publicly admitted that they had no bible - no pre-planned story arc . They were making it up as they went along ! This is NOT storytelling ; it is the video equivalent of a child attempting to convey a story and continually saying `` and then . . and then ... and then . '' This series gets one more chance with me . If it does n't show me something next season , that 's it .
 This is a review of the show itself and does not suggest anything about the quality of the DVD package or special features contained within this set.Season 6 of 24 started out and seemed to be a very promising season at first . After 4-5 episodes that were very close to the magic captured in earlier seasons the dialog , characters and plotlines spiraled out of control . Old dead plotlines were rehashed for no apparent reason and no real effect on the story . New characters were introduced with the sole reason of replacing old characters . They were so bad we begged for their death , begged for Tony to come back . The same plotlines were introduced from every season previously -LRB- CTU HAS A MOLE ! JACK IS OUT OF CONTROL ! HE 'S GONE ROGUE ! -RRB- . I faithfully tuned in every week to watch the train wreck . Having invested hours and dollars into the previous five seasons I just could n't give up no matter how awful it was . Surely the season would finish with a bang ? Surely it would redeem itself as the clock ticked down ??? The final episode might have been the most disappointing of all . The main plot ends approximately halfway through the final episode in a complete anti-climax of grandly apathetic proportions . The last half of the episode features various characters grimly reflecting on just how bad their day was and just how tortured Jack 's soul must be after six very very long days ! And to cap it all off we dig up another old plotline and toss Jack into it just so he can show how tortured he is , in case we did n't get it already . The episode ends like a Christian Rock Band music video , Jack soulfully staring off into the sunset , eyes filled with sadness and pain ... but yet , a glimmer of hope.Because Jack knows that season 7 is coming . And Jack knows that me , being the sucker I am will probably watch it , partially in hopes the show will redeem itself and partially to continue watching the train wreck . HOWEVER . One thing I will not do is buy another season of 24 on DVD . My collection stands at 5 and stays at 5 , and Season 6 will never be cheap enough to warrant a purchase .
 This is , by popular opinion , the worst season of 24 . The season moves way too slowly , they tried to fit way too much into the season , the plot is basically just a bunch of recycled plot lines from previous seasons , and Wayne Palmer is President . Now , when I say this is the worst season , I just mean it is the worst season of 24 , which is not just my favorite show , it is one of the greatest things mankind has ever been blessed with . This season is not terrible , by any means . It 's just the weakest season in its series . This season still kept me entertained , and I was on the edge of my seat for parts of the season . I also thought this season had one of the best openings , and one of the best endings in the whole series.At the end of the previous season , Jack was kidnapped by the Chinese and put on a freighter bound for China . In my opinion , this season should have picked up right where season five ended . The season could have taken place in China . It could have involved Jack 's friends trying to rescue him . It could have had Jack being tortured for information . The season could have centered around Jack 's attempts to escape and/or cope with his environment . It could have been a very different season than all the ones previous . Instead , the season is set almost two years after the events of season five . The country in under attack by terrorist leader Hamri Al-Assad . They are being hit by suicide bombings . Abu Fayed , a former associate of Assad , has agreed to give the government Assad 's location in exchange for Jack Bauer . Years ago , Fayed 's brother was tortured to death by Jack . Fayed wants revenge . So President Palmer -LRB- Wayne , not David , unfortunately -RRB- makes some deals with the Chinese government to hand over Jack . Jack agrees to this , because he wants to die for something , as opposed to dying for nothing in a Chinese prison . CTU hands Jack over to Fayed , who begins to torture him . While he is torturing Jack , Fayed gloats that it is he , not Assad who is responsible for the attacks . Jack breaks free -LRB- after biting some guy 's neck -RRB- and saves Assad from being killed in an air strike by the U.S. military . Jack gets the president to offer Assad a deal , a pardon in exchange for help stopping the attacks . Assad agrees , but this angers Curtis . Jack finds out that years ago , when Curtis was working in special forces , Assad beheaded two of his men . Curtis still holds a grudge against Assad . When Curtis tries to kill Assad , Jack is forced to kill Curtis . Devastated by what he was just forced to do , Jack calls CTU and tells them that he can no longer work for them . Earlier that morning , Jack discovered that Fayed is constructing a nuclear bomb . A CTU field team is closing in on the bomb , thanks to some information provided by Jack . The team storms the garage the terrorists are holed up in , but the terrorists manage to set off the device . A nuclear bomb is detonated in Valencia , a small town outside L.A. See what happened there ? Jack quit CTU for five minutes , and terrorists were able to set off a nuclear bomb . CTU then discovers that the terrorists have four more of those bombs.So far the season has been pretty good . Unfortunately , it now starts to gradually go downhill . Now that a bomb has been set off , Jack decides he wants to get back in the game . So what was the point of killing off Curtis ? All it did was provide five minutes of drama . Jack said he was out , but now he 's right back in again . Anyway , Jack discovers that the bombs were stolen from a company run by his father Philip , and brother Graem . Graem tries to have Jack and Philip killed to cover his tracks . He is unsuccessful , and is tortured by Jack . When it looks like Graem might talk , Philip kills Graem . It looks like he is also evil . Then follows a completely convoluted thing in which Philip kidnaps Josh , Graem 's son , in exchange for Jack . He says he is going to kill Jack , but when Jack has his back turned , he disappears . He leaves a phone number for Jack to call . Jack finds himself talking to former President Charles Logan , who is under house arrest . This could have been good . Unfortunately , they do n't do anything with it . A few episodes later , Logan is stabbed in the shoulder by Martha , his ex-wife . He is rushed to the hospital , and starts to flatline . To this day , we do n't know what happened to Logan -LRB- although it is rumored that he might return in season 8 -RRB- . Bringing him into the story was completely unnecessary . He did n't do anything , except when they sent him into the Russian consulate to talk to that guy from Return of the King . But it did n't have to be him who did that , it could have been anyone . You do n't bring a major character into the story just to turn around and cut them back out . Meanwhile , Assad and Palmer have decided to start peace talks . Assad wants to try to negotiate his differences with America , and stop the violence he himself was once a part of . Unfortunately , a group of government officials try to kill President Palmer . They think he is a weak president whose leadership will only hurt the country . Assad is killed by the bomb , and Palmer is badly injured . Why did they bring Assad in if they were just going to kill him off ? What was the point of introducing his character if they were n't going to do anything with him ? With Palmer incapacitated , Vice President Noah Daniels takes over the presidency . And this guy is an idiot . Obviously , they were trying to put another moron in charge of things , to make it more difficult for Jack . But Daniels is such and idiot that he is just not realistic . People in previous seasons , like Ryan Chapelle , were realistic . They wanted to do things their way , which would have gotten someone killed . But there is always some kind of rationale behind their decisions . Daniels is just an idiot . He looks at any given situation , and always chooses the least intelligent option . After this , and after a couple of slow-moving episodes , Jack and CTU finally locate the bombs . Jack has a dramatic confrontation with Fayed , and hangs him from the ceiling . Jack then recieves a call from Cheng Zhi , the Chinese agent who oversaw his torture for the last two years . Cheng wants Jack to obtain a circuit board for him . The circuit board contains information about the Russian military . Cheng tells Jack that he has Audrey Raines , who is still alive . Earlier that day , Jack was informed that Audrey had died in a car accident in China . She was in China because she was looking for him . Now , it is made clear that she has been in Chinese custody the whole time . Cheng orders Jack to get the circuit board for him . If Jack refuses , she will die.Up until now , the season has been slowly going downhill . At this point , it tanks . Jack gets Audrey back , but Cheng escapes with the circuit board . Jack finds that Audrey has been severely traumatized through drugs that the Chinese gave her . She appears to have gone insane . Her father shows up and blames Jack for what happened to her . He says he does n't want Jack anywhere near her , and files a restraining order . The rest of the season has Jack and CTU trying to get the circuit board back . The whole thing culminates in a showdown at an oil rig . Cheng has been working with Jack 's dad Philip -LRB- who disappeared but now has suddenly been brought back into the story -RRB- . He has once again kidnapped Josh -LRB- a Chinese commando team invaded CTU and lost most of the team just to kidnap him -RRB- because he is going back to China and wants to take Josh with him . He has , as he sees it , lost both of his sons . He can now start over with his grandson . That has got to be the worst motivation for a villain I 've ever heard in my life . The Russians have threatened to start a war if the circuit board is not recovered or destroyed . The Vice President orders an air strike on the oil rig in attempt to destroy the circuit board . Jack and Bill decide to try to rescue Josh before the airstrike can be carried out . They succeed , and manage to capture Cheng as well . As soon as they are clear , Jack drops off the chopper and goes to find Audrey . I enjoyed the last fifteen minutes or so . Jack breaks into James Heller 's home and demands to see Audrey . He is angry and Heller , not only for blaming him for Audrey 's condition , but also for not getting him out of China . He intends to escape with Audrey . But after seeing her , he realizes that the best thing for her is that he be away from her . He leaves the house , and walks out to the beach . He appears to be contemplating suicide , and the season ends with a silent clock honoring his sacrifice.In my opinion , this season had one of the best openings , and also one of the best endings in the series ' history . But that could not save it from familiar , if not moronic twists throughout . As I said before , the plot is practically one recycled plot line after another . There 's nothing new here , and that chiefly makes it the worst season of this series . Another thing that makes the season bad is its lack of foresight . They start a plot line , and then realize they have no idea how to finish it . For example , Charles Logan and Assad . For many reasons , this is the worst season of 24 . But that does n't mean it 's a complete piece of trash . It 's the weakest season of 24 , but that is only because the other seasons are infinitely better .
 24 has always been leave-your-brain-at-the-door entertainment with an EXTREME dependence on suspension of disbelief , but Season Six is just too much . After getting better every year for five seasons , suddenly it seems that the writers & producers of the show forgot that there are limits to what we will accept even on a show like this . Wayne Palmer has no credibility or gravitas as President . The entire plot is absurd even by 24 standards - the U.S. `` has no other choice '' but to hand over Jack to a terrorist in order to `` save the country '' ? And this `` terrorist '' has the resources `` to make sure -LRB- the US -RRB- ca n't try to get him back '' ? And of course , just like every other season , the CTU headquarters is the only government agency in the world staffed with suspiciously attractive 30-something women in key positions of authority and people who can access anything from any computer in the world protected by any security system within three seconds . Watching a season of 24 is an investment of time , more so than other shows , and after watching the first episode of season six even the biggest fans of the series will wonder if they want to stick around until the end of this one .
 this season sucked . Bad story , bad characters worse execution of how ` immortal ' bauer is . Wayne Palmer president ?????? Bauer putting up with near death torture , then pulling off a huge escape without so much as limping?Okay it had its pluses -LRB- but very few -RRB- - the opening sequence , the end and some of the thrilling action sequences . But it generally sucked . Thank god they had the time to plan season seven to make it good.Following the awesome season five , season six just was n't up to par
 I have been one of the biggest fans of 24 . Due to that perhaps my expectations were raised because I loved all 5 seasons . But I have to say that season 6 was disappointing and did not offer the same level of grip to the plot and the show . Prior to watching Season 6 , I used to wish that the episodes just keep on going and not end , where as in this season I lost that spirit.I hope that in season 7 they recover . I am still gon na watch season 7 , and i sincerely hope this legacy show recovers itself and brings the same level of entertainment like it did before .
 Season Six revealed the artifice of `` 24 '' and the show may never recover . The spell may have been broken , through a fragmented plot and unbelievable -LRB- even for artifice -RRB- developments . I knew there was trouble brewing from the beginning , when Jack recovered from bearded , beaten , and malnourished to quickly give himself a great haircut . In the true `` 24 , '' the reality of how he got from Point A to Point B would have been the basis for an interesting series of events . Through much of this season , it seemed like an outtake reel of a number of different seasons strung together in hopes it would make sense . It never really did . If Season 7 does n't recapture the grit of minute-by-minute , excruciating action and tension , the jig may be up for `` 24 . ''
 24 is one of the best tv series out there . i would guarantee it to people who like action packed series . theres a lot of action scnes and explotion , and the girls are sexy to . kiefer sutherland is one of the best actors on tv right now , my friend kelly loves him but keeps pronouncing her name as kipper sutherland . WTF ! -LRB- what the friday ! -RRB- : -RRB-
 This will be the first season not worth buying on DVD . Ultimately it makes me very unhappy to have to break a set , but there was n't much redeeming about day 6 of 24 . They started way too big and just could n't maintain . Now it sounds like day 7 production is off to a poor start . I do n't know maybe this wonderful series just ends at day 5 . In any event it was a wonderful ride ...
 Every year I buy 24 on DVD . I was hooked instantly by the first season , as many others were hooked . Season 2 was good as well but during seasons 3 and 4 , I had to constantly convince myself to take the series as entertainment only and overlook some of re-ocurring plot twists that drive the show . Season 5 was one of the better ones with the elimination of some very key chracters from years passed and a stunning plot twist.But Season 6 dipped the series back to mediocrity as I found myself convincing my brain to again accept the retreaded incidents that the writers use to push the story along and try to keep viewers engaged . -LRB- WARNING
 If season 7 is as dramatic a departure for the show as the producers claim it will be , you should be able to pass over this train wreck of a season altogether . I recommend doing so . It is painful in every conceivable way . The sole highlight is an episode guest starring the fantastic Jean Smart as the former First Lady .
 There are many things wrong with this season , the weak cast/characters being among them . You have to remember , one thing that made this show great the first 5 seasons is that although it was not completely realistic , it did have some sort of realism . All of that was destroyed in season 6 . *** REST OF REVIEW IS SPOILER *** Before season 6 came out , I was hoping they would n't be so stupid as to make Jack 's arrival from the prison camp occur during the same 24 hour period that he is supposed to be running around stopping terrorists . Jack should have needed weeks if not months to recover from almost 2 years or so in a chinese prison camp.When Buchanan first saw Jack come off of the helicopter , he told CTU `` he 's worse than I thought '' . Jack could barely speak . Within 2 hours he 's running around fine screaming at the top of his lungs . You also notice that Jack is in tremendous physical shape . What was this prison camp , the chinese fitness prison camp ? This terrible oversight was not within the standards of realism that 24 had established the first 5 seasons.Early in the season , a terrorist plunges a sharp object into the nerve bundles near Jack 's collar bone . 2 or 3 hours later , Jack is able to pull himself up with both arms and kick a terrorist out of a train window ; he does this without so much as a grimace . Again , this is far outside of the scope of realism that was established throughout the first 5 seasons of 24 . The actor who played Wayne Palmer did not develop into the role of President until near the midpoint of the season . For the first 8 or so episodes , he is by far the weakest president 24 had ever seen . He begins to seem more presidential as the season goes on . Buchanan is a bore in this season , as is Karen Hayes . The Nadia character , although very nice on the eyes , seems to suck the life out of every scene with her sub-mediocre acting combined with the sub-mediocre story-line supplied to her.My next point here could have been my only point and still have proven that this season was crapola . There is a scene in season 1 where one of David Palmer 's aides has to fool Alexis Drazen in the hotel room . The EXACT same situation was redone with even similar dialogue towards the end of season 6 . That is truly pathetic . 24 sometimes reuses similar storylines , but makes it different enough to be passable ; not this time.Just before I was ready to finish this post , I remembered something else . Graham Bauer says that Terri Bauer died 7 years ago , yet , if you follow the 24 timeline , many years more than 7 have passed between season 's 1 and 6 ; more awful writing.You have to understand , this show was a certain amount real from seasons 1-5 . Once a show establishes a realm of reality , it needs to stay consistent within itself . 24 unfortunately fails to do this in season 6 . If you are not familiar with the show , you may love this season . There is a block of some great episodes around the time that Logan appears.If you 're new to 24 , watch seasons 1-8 , but exclude this season . It is useless in regards to the series ' storyline .
 The first season of 24 was very manipulative , but that manipulation was so skillful that the viewer did n't mind . I had never before watched a TV show that got me as emotionally worked up , waiting for the next episode to continue the story.Whereas season one strained credibility , season six took credibility out in the alley , beat it senseless , and then shot it in the head -- which sounds like something Jack Bauer would do.For me the show started to become almost laughably bad by the second half of the season . I felt that the characters had become cartoons , fumbling their way through ridiculously contrived new plot developments to fill out 24 shows.My friend still wants to see this season against my advice . I will give him my broadcast TV recordings of season six to watch , but I do n't believe the DVD set is worthy of a purchase . I give two stars because there are isolated parts of the show that are satisfying . Unfortunately the plot was unable to integrate those occasional good pieces into a coherent whole .
 24 fans -LRB- like myself -RRB- will watch Season 6 , for better or for worse , just for the heck of it . For newbies , I recommend Seasons 1-3 . They remain , the outstanding seasons of the series . Season 7 sounds like it might be better . I hope so , since the word on the street is that there were major rewrites . Looking forward to it .
 *** SPOILER WARNING *** Overall , this season of `` 24 '' was a huge disappointment . Of course the special effects and stunts were still great , but that is not why I have watched `` 24 '' . I watch `` 24 '' for the plot and for Jack to get the bad guys . On both counts , this season left me empty.I 'd classify the problems with this season into plot cogency and world view . In terms of plot cogency , the holes in the plot were just too many and too stark to not undermine enjoyment of the whole season . Of course , you have to suspend disbelief when watching a show like `` 24 '' , but only to a point . Just as a good illusionist uses artifice to divert attention so one can enjoy the trick , the writers of `` 24 '' should have taken more care to make the necessary artificial plot elements less salient . One example was very early in the day when Jack manages to escape from the torture/death chamber of Fayed . This chamber is somewhere in Southern California , and Jack knows this . After he gets out of that building complex , he breaks into a car and calls Bill at CTU . At this point , Jack knows rather precisely the likely location of Fayed -LRB- i.e. , in proximity to where Jack is at that moment , which he would either recognize from landmarks or would be identifiable via any number of other methods , e.g. , cellphone signal -RRB- . But instead , Jack and Bill act like there is no useful information as to where Fayed is and say as much . Much of the plot that follows concerns desparate attempts to get some information , any information , on where Fayed might be . This was risible , and a huge mistake in the writing . A second huge plot gaff was that anyone , Jack included , would be able to manage a `` day '' after 2 years of cruel imprisonment , torture , and deprivation , which would have clearly broken his body utterly as well as his mind . Just think of having the Americans who were imprisoned by the Iranians for 444 days run a half-marathon on the day they were released , or having John McCain swim a mile immediately after his P.O.W. experience came to an end.In terms of world view , what can I say , I think the writers of `` 24 '' indulged in an absolutely ridiculous New York Times/Obama fantasy in which Muslims can be brought to the `` negotiation table '' . Anyone who understands anything about jihad knows that this is an oxymoron
 Just finished watching season 6 on DVD . -LRB- I live in Europe and it has been out a few weeks already -RRB- Dumbest ideas ever in 24 . Fox should definetely fire the writers ! There got to be more qualified people out there?Don ` t buy it . Rather buy season 5 -LRB- which was great -RRB-
 I 'm a hardcore fan , but I was Immensely disappointed with this season . DO NOT waste your money on this garbage ! The price is fine as usual on Amazon , but it 's the product that sucks ! Staya away ! You have 5 other good seasons to see .
 I THINK KIEFER IS GREAT AS WELL AS ' 24 ' OF COURSE . I THINK THIS IS A GREAT SHOW UP UNTIL SEASON SIX SORRY TO SAY . THEY BETTER START DOING SOMETHING DIFFERENT OR THEY 'RE NOT GOING TO LAST . THE FIRST THING THEY SHOULD DO IS GET OUT OF CALIFORNIA . THE PLACE HAS NO CHARACTER . BEAUTIFUL ? YES . CHARACTER ? NO ! THEY SHOULD START FILMING IN NEW YORK OR CHICAGO . I 'M TELLING YOU THE TRUTH .
 Ordered this on Oct 26th and to date still have not received.Tryed emailing seller and received no response . Would not suggest purchasing from this seller
 What would I have wanted to know before I purchased the product ? Perhaps that I was never going to receive the product in the first place !!! Still no season 6 of 24 and no refund either . Seller does not reply.Will never use Amazon.com again . I learned my lesson.Joyce Harris
 What was beginning in season four continues
 First of all , ignore any review from prior to 5/21 , because 5/21 is when the season was over and it took a substantial turn for the worse about 6-8 hours prior to its completion -LRB- early April of its TV showing -RRB- . I have watched all seasons of 24 and this is the worst one . It actually started well but it basically finished about 3/4 of the way through and then , inexplicably -LRB- actually not so inexplicable ; there were still 6 or so hours left -RRB- , went on some almost totally unrelated tangent . I am sure that the writers simply did not realize that they were running out of script , finished at around hour 18 and then asked themselves `` Now what ?! '' and sadly came up with another 6 episodes to throw on the TV . There is a weak relation between `` Chapters 1 and 2 '' and chapter 2 -LRB- what I consider the last quarter of the season -RRB- is hyperbolic , ludicrous , and just silly.I would recommend people either finish this season when the primary catastrophe is averted or simply not watch it at all . I know I will not watch next season . I 've had quite enough of 24 now , and apparently the writers have , too . Time to put this old horse down .
 I have gotten each season of 24 for CHRISTmas the last few years , but this year will be different . As others have stated , season five was just about the best of 24 's previous 5 seasons . With high hopes abound , season six was a huge disappointment for several reasons . Jack as a badarse just is n't believable anymore . Sutherland has never been buff daddy but its like he went on nutrisystem for this season . Alright ... alright ... I know he was in a Chinese prison , so maybe he did it for the role , but I just do n't believe or by in to him being a bad dude anymore . Thats a small thing for me , but still a factor . Secondly ; almost all the characters that we loved and cared about are gone with the exception of Rush Limbaugh 's secret love Chloe . She 's the only one left , and the new characters do n't grip you enough to care about them . Then on top of that Jack kills his only real friend left in the world to help a terrorist ! That is just too much ! Story lines were often slow moving and frankly boring . I dvr the show because I work third shift , and I found myself skipping thru much of the show . I 'd say over half the show is just boring chatter that does n't grip you at all . Now we have Jack 's Dad as a traitor ? Geeze ... what 's next his Mother will be a secret terrorist or agent and not really dead ? This is getting old stupid and boring writers . Is Vince Flynn still writing for the show ? If so then please ditch him , if not then please bring him back ASAP ! He 's my favorite writer and I own all his books , so I ca n't imagine him writing for this crappy arse season . There simply were n't enough of Jack being Jack and all the folks I care about are gone . I ca n't believe season 7 will be any better , but I hope they go out in style . I wo n't pick up this season , until I can buy it cheap . It 's not worth the full price at the moment . This season was so under the bar that this dvd set wo n't be under my Christmas tree this season .
 OK we get it . LA is the only place terrorists care about , blah blah blah , The twists are mostly predictable , the good characters remain good but the others are getting hard to take . The suspension of disbelief necessary here is almost off the charts - even for this show . Like for example , Jack would be the last person ever to keep any security clearance given his ... connections . That is all that I will say . Season 7 better be very good or its time to move on.Or , as my son said , a `` disgusting waste of my life . ''
 How bored and disappointed was I with Season 6 ??? So much so that I did n't watch the season finale . I 've been an avid fan of 24 since season 1 . I even went out of my way to spread the good news of Jack Bauer to friends and family . Only to be embarrased by this season . I really do hope that next season is better . But I agree with one of the other comments . Everyone that Jack relied on are basically dead , except for annoying Chloe.And WHAT was the deal with bringing the Logans back ??? Is Charles dead , did she get put into a mental institution , did Aaron go back to work for the president ??? What happened with the people that were exposed to the radiation ??? All I can honestly say is that I hope that Season 7 is good and Season 8 should be kick a ** and should DEFINITELY be the last season .
 First , like many of you , I 've been a big fan of 24 for a long time . Days 1 and 2 were some of the greatest tv seasons ever , and even on day 5 killing so many important characters the writers of 24 found a way to continue with the show . But now without Tony and just almost nothing to make new , the show has gone old . Please kill Bauer , so we remember only the good days !
 I was so dissappointed when i notice that there were two disc missing from this package . Maybe it was an oversight on my part . but the seller should have put this in big bold letters that they did not have all of the discs to season six !!! Now i have to either return the package -LRB- which is a cost to me -RRB- and/or buy another set of season six . Buyers be ware !
 Disc 2 was damaged and we were unable to watch parts of the movie . The seller disclosed there were scratches but that they did n't impair being able to watch the DVD .
 24 is awesome . Buy season six anywhere but on amazon unless you want to spend twice as much as you need to .
 I bought the Six Season , and painfully made it through it . I know , why watch it ? Because I have been watching it from the beginning and had hope that it would get better . Some of the stuff is getting old ... always having a traitor or accused traitor inside CTU , interrogations are always the same , and stuff that is just not believable and way too much backstabbing . And that little grunt noise that Sutherland does , is that part of his character or just him ?
 WHAT A WASTE ! It 's the same scenerio ... thank you Jack for saving the world a-g-a-i-n -LRB- moan -RRB- . It 's worth renting , and I wish I would have . The only thing I thought this season would be good for would be some sort of drinking game . One shot every time you hear `` Jack Bauer . '' Sigh . Those college days ... I 'm dissapointed , but what can ya do ?
 I received my season 6 in loosly wrapped plastic paper . I am not pleased that a box was NOT RECEIVED . I am a collector of the 24 series and will NOT use this company again.John B. Mason III
 I have been watching `` 24 '' on dvd for a couple of years now . I never did see it `` first run '' on fox ? I truly enjoyed seasons one through five ... I would have difficulty in narrowing down my FAVORITE season ?? BUT ... Season Six ??? WHAT HAPPENED ?? I had a tough time getting through it ? Not enough Jack ?? -LRB- where was he ? -RRB- The plot `` turns ' just not interesting ... found myself -LRB- sadly -RRB- falling asleep ... no matter , I still LOVE `` 24 '' ... and Jack ... I am looking forward to season 7 ... there 's no way it could be as dissapointing as this !
 I love 24 , but season 6 is my least favorite . There were so many parts of this story , and characters that I did not enjoy . So glad the other seasons did not make me feel this way .
 Oy Vey . This season sucks . I mean , my God does this season suck . This is n't just my opinion , the writers of this season have gone on record calling this one the weakest of them all . Why ? The story . It 's bad.I 'd complain about the recycled plots , but everyone else is doing that , so I 'm going to complain about something else . This season rambles . Like an out of control train , it goes off the rails and crashes by the end . The plot , villain , and goals change at least five times . The first plot involves Abu Fayed , a terrorist who has five Russian Suitecase Nukes , and sets one of them off in LA. . The story is to get him ... for about five episodes . Then it turns out that Grahem Bower , Jacks ' brother , is Fayed 's boss and the goal is to now find out information from Grahem . Then Grahem dies , and the goal is again to get Fayed . Except Fayed is a red herring , and the real villain is a Russian general named Gredenko . Jack and CTU retrieve the nukes , only to be attacked by the Chinese -LRB- yes really , it 's as random as it sounds -RRB- . The Chinese attempt to steal this one computer chip from the suitcase nukes , and the goal of the plot is to now protect the chip . Then the Chinese goverment calls Jack , tells him they 've kidnapped Audrey , and to exchange the chip for her -LRB- I 'd tell them to keep Aurdrey -RRB- . So now the goal is to retrieve Audrey from China -LRB- remember when nuclear weapons were involved ? -RRB- . Then they get Audrey back , only to discover Jack 's mustache twirling villain of a father , Phillip has kidnapped Grahems interbred looking son Josh and is holding him hostage on an oil rig -LRB- Yes REALLY -RRB- . The goal of the story is to now save Josh , which is what ends the season.I 'm dead serious . Five villains . Six plots , stupid rambling crap . It all goes ` round in circles , and feels like a waste of time . Jack is irrelevant largely , he barely talks and since this was at the height of Kieffer 's drug usage , he 's practically a zombie . The new characters they introduce are either racist -LRB- Mike Doyle -RRB- , or boring -LRB- Nadia -RRB- . Nadia , oh God let me comment on Nadia.If you know anything about 24 , you know Muslims do n't get the best treatment , so it was decided to add a Muslim character to the cast . Nadia was that character ! And she was as dry and lifeless as the desert . Nadia worked at CTU doing ... something , it 's implied she has Bill 's job , except Bill is still at CTU . Anyways , Nadia does nothing . At all . She does n't add to the plot , she does n't have an interesting story , she does n't even give exposition ! Nadia contributed a love triangle , because God knows what 24 was missing was a love triangle . Why two men would fight over such a boring woman is never explained.Anyway , you 've got bad acting , dull characters , and a story that is so random , the producers decided to plan out all of Day 7 before it went into production . It 's a mess of a season . Avoid it and go on to the awesome Season 7 instead .
 24 Season Six is not as good as the other seasons . I guess the producers got lost on the track . I felt this one is more violent and senseless , and by the end I can tell they are thinking about Season Seven , but I do n't !
 Season 1 was very good , and Seasons 2-5 were solid gold thru-out -- the best contemporary television has to offer in drama , engrossing plot , characters you care about and truly unprecedented addictive powers -- and I give 5-stars to each of them . That said , Season 6 was so misconceived it hurt to watch.My theory is that the producers ' time/talent was unfortunately divided between Season 6 and prepping for the 24 feature movie , which was said to have completed script as early last summer . Also , CTU -- as cool as that setting is -- had probably out-lived its potential as a place for set up big chunks of story . It peaked in `` Day 5 '' with the incredible poison gas sequences.I fear the '07 Writers Guild strike might prove to be a death blow to 24 -- since `` Day 7 '' has been officially postponed to -LRB- probably -RRB- 2009 . I hope this changes , but to date , it seems clear we will not see `` Day 7 '' in 2008 . But if 24 `` Day 7 '' rebounds to its former standards , there 'll be no fan happier than I. -LRB- ... right now I am really resisting an urge to cave in and buy `` Day 6 '' , but ultimately I know better than to revisit that truly saddening disaster . I 'll put `` Day 3 '' on instead -RRB- .
 BEWARE OF MULTIPLE SPOILERS ! I was looking forward to season 6 in order to see if the widely known dissappointment of fans was justified . For the first 4 discs -LRB- 16 episodes -RRB- I really thought fans were being too harsh even though the whole Bauer family history is preposterous and stupid . After finally watching the last 8 episodes I finally understood the anger
 Studio
 The only real reason to sit through this melodramatic kitsch-filled dramedy is Barbara Stanwyck . That and the fact this is an actual adaptation of the famed stripper 's foray into the world of literature . Yes , folks , this slight film is based on the one , the only , Gypsy Rose Lee 's story , entitled , `` G-String Murders . '' It 's campy fun now , but when it was penned , about 50 years ago , this was major no-no territory . My , how things have changed . Demi Moore should have watched the real pros when actors had faces , and real acting required more than forming tears at will . Stanwyck always knew she could act , and that formidable presence makes anything she stars in palatable . And who would 've thunk Pinky Lee did more in his life than entertain kids ...
 This was the worst waste of $ 2 ! This video is two hippies nervously talking about living a `` juicier '' life . All they do is show us some yoga in the woods and talk about different foods that they consider to be an aphrodisiac . They never even get into the bedroom and talk about the good stuff . LAME .
 This movie gives no sense of infusion . Viewers just do n't get the urge or passion . Hot Scenes are much weaker than R-rated movies . I do n't recommend this junk .
 This DVD has almost no useful information other than advocating becoming one with our mystic selves . Very trite and superficial .
 This was a complete waste of time and money . If I could rate it lower than 1 star I would .
 tantric is more tis was an and small verse of this movie i like dancing much more bad choose on my behalf
 This has nothing to do with motorcycles except for the first couple of minutes . Bad acting all around . . do not waste your money !!!
 This is a hilarious action film/thriller supposedly set in the South -LRB- everybody drawls -RRB- , but was filmed in -- Vermont , land of maple syrup as well as Ben & Jerry ; 's . There are plenty of explosions and shootings in the final minutes of the movie , especially when it 's Billy Ray vs.the Baddies.Now Billy Ray has turned to lighter fare through `` Dancing with the Stars '' and starring opposite his real-life daughter on Disney 's Hannah Montana show.Billy Ray Cyrus stars as a former CIA agent now ensconced in the South , and he 's got a heart-as well as a mullet-for truth , justice , and the American way.He 's `` Radical Jack . '' He finds love with a woman whose abusive ex HAPPENS to be the same man behind his family 's death.The plot is needlessly complicated with arms deals , the CIA , and Radical Jack 's own questionable character -- but it makes for dumb fun early morning viewing !
 Want a movie that 's a fun waste of time?Little or no plot?Plenty of explosions , shootings , and scantily clad women?Then `` Radical Jack '' is perfect for you.Billy Ray stars as Radical Jack , a former CIA man out to avenge his family 's deaths.He fights for truth , justice , and the American Way with his fists , his muscles , his guns -- and his mullet.The plot is needlessly complicated with the CIA , arms deals , war veterans,etc-but it makes for good dumb fun early morning viewing.Yay !
 Enormously bad director Albert Pyun returns to ruin the `` Kickboxer '' series in the fourth installment that has no continuity to the third at all , which is why it fails . The third film had some fun excitement . This one is a depressing , boring work of smut that wants badly to be a martial-arts flick , but instead feels more like a late night soap opera . Full of horrid dialogue , bad choreography , and characters you learn to hate , this film pretty much kills what could have been a fun series . If you 're watching the `` Kickboxer '' films , stop at the third . This movie will either depress you or put you to sleep .
 Now this movie actually had the potential to be good unlike the last one . You get the impression that they are actually going to have a tournament in this one and they almost give you double digits in fights.Since this was almost watchable , I will go over the strong points : Hot girl who can fight , always a good thing.Cody getting to show off a little bit and he actually looks decent in this one.Having a tournament and actually showing some fights , none that are good , but some that I would give a 2/5 . Even hotter girl-this one even gets down.Horrible things about this movie : Guy who looks like the abd guy from original kickboxer is really hard to look at . If you are gon na get a look-a-like , at least get a fighter , and maybe he can fight , but if he can , let him . So something was very wrong there , and almost as bad as that was his make up . They used a very tan person so when he took off his shirt , his face looked white in comparison to his golden skin . Very hard to watch.Guy who is a b movie actor and can fight , but acting ability can be rivaled by any male soap opera star.Bad guy does n't notice cody is in the tournament until the end . This part aspect is so bad that it is funny . Every time cody would fight , something would distract him from seeing cody 's face like his girl being kissed , truly funny stuff.So final fight ranks # 384,225 th on my all-time list , pretty good .
 So I still need to see the 2nd one again after not seeing it for many many years , but here is my review for this dvd.Kickboxer 3 - These types of movie are SO difficult to watch . The characters are all acting ok , but the storyline is on par with any linear story that has ever been done . I wish that I could give this a good review cause I like cody from step by step , and he ca n't do anything great in terms of high quick legs or really fast fist forms , but he does make up a little but for that in his power . Though the action director does n't showcase it , you can tell that cody has plenty of power . I would love to give you some long review and give you the whole storyline but , you know what , I guess I can , Cody is going to a tournament , a guy does n't want him to fight in it so his guy can win , so this guy acts nice at first and then when cody wo n't accept an invitation to throw a fight for money , he gets mean and since he is also like a slave trader he decides to put cody through some hell training with 1 enjoyable moment out of like 8 scenes.Alright so i reviewed the story only because it is no goddang simple.Overall this movie is not suggested by me and you should only watch it if you have seen every good kungfu movie , and I have n't even come close , so this sucked . ----------------------------------------------------------------- Kickboxer 4 - Now this movie actually had the potential to be good unlike the last one . You get the impression that they are actually going to have a tournament in this one and they almost give you double digits in fights.Since this was almost watchable , I will go over the strong points : - Hot girl who can fight , always a good thing.-Cody getting to show off a little bit and he actually looks decent in this one.-Having a tournament and actually showing some fights , none that are good , but some that I would give a 2/5 . - Even hotter girl-this one even gets down.Horrible things about this movie : - Guy who looks like the abd guy from original kickboxer is really hard to look at . If you are gon na get a look-a-like , at least get a fighter , and maybe he can fight , but if he can , let him . So something was very wrong there , and almost as bad as that was his make up . They used a very tan person so when he took off his shirt , his face looked white in comparison to his golden skin . Very hard to watch.-Guy who is a b movie actor and can fight , but acting ability can be rivaled by any male soap opera star.-Bad guy does n't notice cody is in the tournament until the end.-This aspect of the movie is so bad that it is funny . Every time cody would fight , something would distract him from seeing cody 's face like his girl being kissed , truly funny stuff.So final fight ranks # 384,225 th on my all-time list , pretty good .
 I fully expected to find this film directed by Alan Smithee or some such pseudonym . However , the director Albert Pyun has such credits as ` Brainsmasher
 Kickboxer 4 is no way as good as Kickboxer 1 & 2 . The fights look good in it , but it does not have a very good story line . The makers of Kickboxer 4 must have forgotten about the previous Kickboxers , as Kickboxer 4 has a different story line .
 Yea it is great to see 2 Kickboxer films on the same casette if its only 1 and 2 , if you wan na see any Kickboxer films , get 1 and 2 , not the worst ones , 3 and 4 . Get 1 and 2
 Oh , what a mixed bag we have here ! Sasha Mitchell returns for Kickboxer 3 as David Sloan along with the trainer -LRB- I do n't know his name -RRB- from the first two Kickboxers . Instead of training in the ring , they take a vacation to Rio where David ends up fighting a champion kickboxer and along the way ends up getting caught in the traingle of a crimeboss who kidnaps and sells teenage girls . Overall , Kickboxer 3 does n't have quite the martial arts action that the first two have which is probably why it received mixed reviews but it is an action packed movie no doubt . Kickboxer 3 is not oscar winning material -LRB- probably because it is direct to video -RRB- but it is worth a look if you liked the first two Kickboxers.Now for Kickboxer 4 ... I 'll start off by saying that the Kickboxer series should haved ended as a trilogy because Kickboxer 4 suffers from `` direct to video '' script flaws . Sasha Mitchell yet again returns along with the character of Tong Po though played by a different actor . The trainer from the first three kickboxers does not return and after seeing this movie its no wonder why he did n't . And while I 'm at it , this movie was not produced by the same person who did the first three Kickboxers . Ok , moving on ... David Sloan learns while he is in prison -LRB- which goes unexplained as to how he got there -RRB- that his wife was mysteriously captured by Tong Po and in order to get her back he must fight in a tournament that is held by Tong Po . You find -LRB- if you choose to watch Kickboxer 4 -RRB- that it is somewhat of a rip off of Bruce Lee 's Enter the Dragon . None of the characters put up much of a fight and seeing Tong Po in action unlike Kickboxer 1 & 2 is an absolute joke . Like Kickboxer 3 however , this movie did have some likeable characters but that 's about the extent of it . Overall , Kickboxer 4 is the bad apple of the series . I 'll bet the producers discussing how to make this movie went something like this ... `` Well , since Kickboxer 4 wo n't hit the theaters due to the lack of decent fight scenes and a good story , let 's fill up the gaps with some pointless sex & nudity in hopes that the audience wo n't notice the other flaws . `` My advice to any Kickboxer fans out there is that you skip this one and stop after Kickboxer 3 .
 amateurish plot and action . terrible . . a kinder garden kid could 've made a better movie . is easily one of the most brain-dead movies of all time that I 've watched !
 Poor service on this one . It took forever to get here and when it arrieved it would not play so I never got to watch this movie .
 What a drag of a movie , you have an irresponsible woman who apparently is dubbed `` Independent '' because she is an independent Trucker . -LRB- I Love The International Truck and Love TruckerGenre Films but . . -RRB- She is a selfish woman Who walked out on a Child she gave birth to , Is into One-night stands and drinks.The total opposite of Independence more like Immoral or Amoral , Total Nihilist and that turns me away.The kid of course comes out to be a spoiled and undisciplined banshee of a child and Therefore is as annoying as The Mother , I could n't wait for this Malaise of a Movie to be over .
 If you expect a movie about a -LRB- female -RRB- trucker , you will be sadly disappointed because there is nothing in this film about this profession . The female lead happens to be a long-haul driver in her late 20s -LRB- of course pretty and skinny -RRB- who already owns her truck and stays on the road for a maximum of 2-3 weeks at a time . How 's that for unrealistic ? Oh well ... Not that it matters . Her free spirited lifestyle -LRB- which apparently consists mostly of drinking , smoking , swearing , and noncommittal sex with strangers -RRB- comes to a screeching halt anyway when her ex-husband develops cancer and she gets stuck with her 11-year old son , an obnoxious pre-teen brat.A few weeks later , the once-tough trucker - who on one occasion even beats up a couple of guys who harass her kid at a gas station - has turned into a wimp
 Their opening sex scenes , hospital scenes , and abandonments are virtually identical . Even if I had n't seen `` Burning Plain '' this script keeps the main character far too mysterious . When a mom leaves a baby , there has to be reasons way deeper than `` I am the way I am . '' She 's much too intelligent not to have have more self awareness than that .
 Lately I 've had the very good luck to stumble across some terrific films starring actresses whom I 've really admired in supporting roles
 This movie is realy , really boring in the second half . You may not like Speilberg but Schindler 's List is such a better movie than this.I had absolutely none of the obligatory ` guilt ' and ` pity ' for the character in the movie . He was poorly realized , insipid and usless , and basically spent the second half of the movie sitting around in rooms making absolutely no attempt to help himself . And to me that made him loathsome , especially when others were bravely fighting and dying in the Ghetto , fighting the germans . Our hero was crawling around trying to preserve his own skin . I find this most disgraceful.While beautifully filmed and really engrossing at times , the main character just is n't a character you can believe in or want to triumph . He is just pitiful , not pitiable . For this reason I give this movie 2 stars . I could not summon anything approaching empathy with him . He seemed more of a device than a character
 A good movie about WWII Poland and a view inside the Warsaw ghetto , the movie is an interesting journey of a man who spent most of the war locked in rooms evading the Germans.The problem is that the movie spans the entire war , leaving me disconnected emotionally with the principal character . The leaps of months and months in time were boldly displayed throughout the movie . In the end , only two things could have truely made this an epic emotional picture
 This film 's story is potentially moving , but rendered rather boring by Adrien Brody 's uncaring and mushy performance of its protagonist . As the plot dragged on , I kept asking why I should care about the sufferings and torments of this man who did n't seem to care himself what happened to him . No matter what happens , Brody 's reaction is always a bland , disinterested smirk that becomes more and more irritating . Too bad
 Even though I 'm simply echoing stuff that a lot of other negative reviewers have said , I feel I must help counter all the mysteriously great reviews this film got ! Adrien Brody TOTALLY did n't deserve the Oscar for this -- hell , he hardly even has any lines , and spends most of the movie hiding like a rat , with an expressionless face , watching Nazi atrocities out of his window ! And -LRB- though this is not Brody 's fault -RRB- his character is totally unsympathetic and cares for no one but himself . All the Nazi brutalities have been shown ad nauseam in other , far-better movies like `` Schindler 's List '' and `` Life is Beautiful . '' As someone else said , I think this movie -LRB- and Brody -RRB- did well because 1 -RRB- it 's a Polanski film -LRB- whoopee -RRB- , and 2 -RRB- it 's about a politically correct subject . Frankly , I do n't need any more movies about the Holocaust unless they have something new to say about it -- and this film definitely does n't .
 This was one of the most disappointing movies I have seen in a long time . The events that it portrayed are horrible and tragic , but the movie and its presentation of the events were severely lacking considering the awards it was given and the huge budget that it must have taken to make the movie . There was nothing that has not already been said repeatedly from Hollywood , and the movie spent more time highlighting bloody scenes than any sort of plot line . I realize that it is unpopular to say that anything portraying the Holocaust is not magnificent , but this movie was tragically lacking in anything like substance or quality.In my opinion , if you 've seen ANY other Holocaust movie in the last 10 years , save your money and the 2 1/2 hours for a movie that has something new to say and says it with intelligence .
 Universal Widescreen , will not play through , but stops at ch . 13 . I have seen the film , which is excellent , but am very disappointed at the poor quality of the disk , which will not finish playing , even on a brand-new Sony DVD player .
 Please be aware that when you sell a CD that the customer should be able to use it . I dont know anybody who has a player which can process a DVD HD . My understanding is that the `` Blue Ray '' is the next generation of DVD and not HD DVD which was not accepted as a standard . In my case I returned the first DVD as it would not play . I received a second DVD with the same result . I threw it in a corner and forgot about it.The Pianist -LSB- HD DVD -RSB-
 BEFORE 14 CHAPTER IS GOOD , BUT AFTER CHAPTER 14 I CAN ONLY SEE 2 SECONDS OF MOVIE THEN 5 SECONDS IT 'S FREEZE SO IT 'S DAMAGE , AND IT IS N'T SCRATHCED ...
 B O R I N G ! This movie shows the worst qualities of any people on the face of the Earth . A whole race of people goes to their certain death without raising the slightest bit of resistance . The story lacks a hero . It is about a field mouse that hides and scrounges for food in war torn Warsaw . Meanwhile a small group of resistance fighters take on the Germans in what ever way they can with absolutely no support from our less than adequate field-mouse-like main character . He does n't give a Darn about anyone but himself . Not his family , nor his fellow Jews . The only hero in the movie was a German officer who gave food to his pet mouse for performing tricks.Jews of today take no guff from anyone and must be profoundly embarrassed by this movie about sheep being led to slaughter . While it 's good to make new generations aware of genocide , the Holocaust was sixty years ago . Get over it already . It will never happen to the Jews again . Although very recently genocide was perpetrated on the Kurds in Iraq.Due to the injustices bestowed on Jews , the movie makes a blatant attempt to blame America for not declaring war on Germany in order to save them . Maybe we should 've taken Iraq when the Kurd genocide began.As an American , I can not stomach this lack of backbone . Think of 9-1-1 . Think of the first three flights going down at almost the same time . Everyone was told to stay calm and the hijacking will take its course without further incident . Think of flight 93 learning of the other three crashes . Think of the true American heroes on that flight who decided that it was better to die than to allow terrorists to kill other innocent people.I rest my case . This movie shows the worst attributes of human beings.Worth watching , not worth buying .
 I normally would give this movie 2 or 3 stars , but I had to counter all the ridiculous 5 star hyperbole of too many of these reviews.This movie is terribly gorgeous ... and that is all.The characters are not fleshed out.The dialogue explains nothing and is virtually non-existent . It is also very , very , very SLOOOOWWWWW.All is sacrificed for the sake of beautiful cinematics.Well , gee , I could 've gotten that by watching a documentary on the History Channel or Discovery , you know ?
 I honestly could n't be more bored or annoyed by this movie . It depicts the life and conditions of a Jewish family during the Nazi occupation of Poland during WWII , and probably does a very good job of showing what conditions were like , and the horror and suffering inflicted on the Jewish people , but it just is n't entertainment ! There comes a point in the movie - about half way through - when you realise that nothing is actually going to happen . It almost seems as though only half a script was written and the rest of the movie needs to be filled in with a haggard looking pianist staring out of various windows . Yes , I know that the intention was to make the viewer feel the tedium and claustrophobic conditions that the pianist was enduring , but it just is n't interesting ! I do n't really think that the life story of ... I ca n't actually remember his name so you see how much impact this movie had on me ... was actually worth making a movie about in the first place ! This was just an overindulgence of the part of some writer and director , and such a shallow movie with underdeveloped characters , not to mention the apathy ! This film only really showed me three things about the nature of people . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Everyone in this movie cares for nothing other than himself - even the pianist who seems to care little for the fate of his family as long as he is OK . Everyone is on the take - even the `` nice '' guy who is supposed to be collecting for the pianist is creaming off the money and letting the pianist get sick - is there noone in this movie with any human decency ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- The Jews simply allowed their fate to happen to them without so much as an attempt to fight back until it was all too late . Those thousands of Jews in Warsaw could have made a real problem for the Nazis if they had just had the backbone to do something about it ! -LRB- Again , I 'm not saying they do n't - this is the message I am getting from this movie -RRB- . There are so many hints that they are going to fight back , but the vast majority end in apathy ! -LRB- 3 -RRB- All Germans are evil . By the time we have witnessed the many horrendous acts of cruelty we see so many of the Germans comitting , the one German who is supposed to redeem the others at the end of the film , just does n't have any significance . Also , as ALL the Germans are portrayed as evil and brutal , the kindness of the German officer who brings the pianist food is now way out of character . I am aware of the brutality committed by the Nazis , but the overindulgence in brutality this film portrays can have but one goal - to pit people against the Germans ! Do we really need to dredge up all that hatred again and again as the world is supposedly becoming a closer community ? I think not ! If you want to be bored , depressed and feel very negative about humankind , then this is the movie for you ! If you want to be entertained , then go and watch the Star Wars collection !
 We purchased the DVD based on the many claims that the moviewas a terrific addition to the world of entertainment . Yet wewere very disappointed with this predictable piece of pseudo-drama . There were a few highlights giving credit towhy Adrien Brody is off to a great career . But the story andpicture quality ... not worth a third of the money . Skip this one .
 To the Michigan reviewer . What the heck does this mean ? `` Or are you really that narrow-minded that nobody suffers like us ? `` I have No Clue as to what you are talking about . Be concise.The movie is well acted & directed . The fact that the story is true sickens me.If I find the movie boring due to the pianist 's lack of backbone , that is my right . I do not hold well with spineless acquiescence nor willfull brutality.The mere fact that you enjoyed it seems to vilify your own sense of right and wrong . The entire movie imputes flight rather than fight . Wrong , wrong , wrong!National treasure ? National coward !
 I thought it would be an original all spanish dubbed . It is just the same American Pianist , but supposedly the mexican edition -LRB- not dubbed , just subbed -RRB- . It would have been cheaper and probably better to buy The Pianist .
 This copy is low quality for a Bluray . I own a copy of this movie on DVD and the this bluray does not offer any improvement in picture quality and is grainy , its possibly a bootleg . Some of the detail is lost or fuzzy , similar to how a DVD player will upconvert a DVD to view on HD TVs . Quality Blurays will usually read and play at 1080p/24hz , this one plays at 1080p/60hz ; which is poorer quallity . Additionally , the Bluray player played it right away just like it was a DVD ; Blurays usually take a bit longer to read at first . All the above comments are about the quality of this Bluray , not the movie itself . The movie is excellent . I believe this is a Canadian import , if it is released in the U.S. I will possibly purchase .
 I would not recommend buying from a private source through Amazon as I did with this used DVD . It never showed up .
 I know I am on dangerous grounds here . With the near certainty of being labeled anti-Semite , I have to say that , of the array of Holocaust movies which have come out over the years , if you 've seen one of them , you seen them all , almost . Dignified human drama depicting the human spirit triumphing over hardships . You have already seen a dozen of these .
 Roman Polanski , the exiled -LSB- physical -RSB- offender now hiding in Europe from the U.S. authorities , was given a best director oscar for this largely -LSB- imitation -RSB- work portraying * Jewish oppression * in Easern Eurpoe during WWII . The Academy Award was merely a political statement by the leftist Hollywood elite who apparently believe that * artists * such as Polanski are way above the law . `` The Pianist '' steals from `` The Holocaust '' , `` Schindler 's List '' , and a host of other Jewish propaganda movies , ... The main character , a ... piano player , spends most of the movie running from the SS , getting sick , and hiding like a rat , while he loses his parents , brother , and sisters to the concentration camps . Any red-blooded American in that situation would have grabbed a gun and fought to the death to save his family . The Pianist eventually * wins * his freedom courtesy of real men of the Red Army . ...
 Before purchasing this DVD , I did n't know the particulars about statutory rape charges and Roman Polanski . My vote today is not on that legal and moral issue.As a patron , I purchased what I hoped to be a fresh view regarding an terrible period in human history . I was looking for a new Shindler 's List . But this story failed to meet expectations . If I wanted to spend hours listening to fine piano , maybe . But I wanted what lacked here
 I am not deep into what directors do or have done in their past , I do n't give a tinker 's dam about how critically acclaimed someone 's previous work has been . `` The Pianist '' is a movie that made me mad as hell at the main character . If you want to watch a movie about a guy who stands by and does nothing but serve himself throughout the Holocaust , let 's his entire family be sent away to camps and hides at every chance , this is your movie . I find nothing redeeming in this movie or in the person of its main character . I was left with the overall impression that his will to save his own skin at all costs was his primary function during the war years - the movie does illustrate that quite well . Instead of participating in the Warsaw Uprising , the brave piano player hides . When the one German officer in the world who 's kind to him and saves his life toward the end of an agonizingly long movie , how does he repay the kindness ? By letting that German officer die in a Soviet labor camp without lifting a finger to help him - some hero . The movie is very well made , but it 's one that left me angry rather than sympathetic . Schindler 's List is a far better movie of personal triumph and real heroism in the face of the Holocaust . As a history enthusiast and not an Academy Awards movie critic , this movie disgusted me . Why waste time with such a pathetic character as this when there are many genuinely inspiring tales which could 've been told ?
 The Pianist ... that pretty much covers the story cause thats all its about . Adrien Brody 's performance is dreadfully dull . He does n't give that much understanding to his character or show any emotion . Let 's face it , his character is a complete coward . He only cares about himself and does n't do anything to save any jews . He did n't show too much emotion when his family was taken to a conserntration camp.I ca n't believe Brody won an oscar while competing with Jack Nicholson 's exceptional performance in ` About Schmidt & Nicoloas Cage 's best work yet in ` Adaptation ' -LRB- One of my favourite films -RRB- Why would anyone make a film set during the Holocaust about a man who just ` survives ' ? A lot of people survived during the most harsh of times . Why is this guy so important ? The film strives to look inspiration but it is just impossible to care about the main character . No where near inspirational compared to Oskar Schindler in ` Schinder 's List ' . I must admit , Roman Palanski 's directing was visually a tour-de-force even though I do n't like Palanski the man . The man who was charged with rape and so fled the USA to escape the charges . Thats why he was n't at the oscars in 2003 when he got an oscar . He made his speech via satalite . Most of all the film lacks a story . There are plenty of stories of the Holocaust that are a lot more interesting . Can you believe this film got won an oscar for best adapted screenplay ? Whats a laugh . Just because his film is based on a true story and set in WWII it does n't mean it should get the praise it got . It should n't have reseaved as many oscars as it got .
 Supposed to be NEW ! Had circular scratches on it upon opening . Would not play . DVD player gave message - `` Disc damaged or dirty '' .
 How can anybody admire , or even watch , a movie made by an alleged rapist who fled the US to escape justice ? Until he comes back to face the courts , and to do his sentence -LRB- whatever it may be -RRB- like a man instead of a coward , his movies should be ignored . Talent does not matter . Neither does the important subject matter of the Holocaust . That 's it .
 This is no story of survival . Its a story of cowardice ! This guy is so dumb , he ca n't see the handwriting on the wall and while other jews are fighting for THEIR survival he 's hiding behind garbage cans . Oh , I forgot , he does n't have to fight , he 's an artist .
 Stories of the holocaust need to be interesting . After all , who wants to spend their recreational time reliving one of the worst atrocities in history?The Pianist puts a very personal face on the Nazi occupation of Warsaw , and walks the viewer through the struggle for survival of one man and his family . This interesting perspective should bring something fresh to a topic that is n't very appealing , yet has been relentlessly overdone by Hollywood.But it does n't . The story is n't terribly interesting , though the unique hero perspective this movie chooses should be fertile for a new treatment of the subject . We do n't get any additional insight , and are treated to countless acts of violence hung over a thready plot.I distracted myself with the movie 's excellent cinematography , editing , and music . It 's sad that I spent the time watching the movie for its technical qualities instead of its story , but I found the story to be less than enthralling .
 the script is too simple and the story is just too common . if the so-called pianist could be picked as a worthwhile mentioning character , then everyboty like you and me could be picked as a person whose stories need to be told . this is just another 2nd world war survivor story , plain and simple albeit bored . the whole movie , to me , is just a guy who 's trying very hard to hide from the nazis and throughout the whole movie , he 's just trying to get some food to eat on a day to day basis . he 's not a great person , or a person with great personality . the guy who got the oscar did n't seem to be entitled getting one , since after i 've watched jack nicholson 's and nicholas cage 's oscar competing movies , adrien brody is simply not on the same altitude yet . well , on the other hand , it 's just like watching a grey hound dogs race , the winner usually is not your first pick . by saying that , it only reminds me two other terribly made and acted movies , `` lif is beautiful '' and `` my big fat greek wedding '' , simply by thinking about why they would be turned out to be the front runners is beyond my comprehension .
 This film is competently made , even very involving in the beginning , but the disappearance of the Pianist 's entire family so early on and endless shots of him staring out of various windows made me think there was a more interesting story going on elsewhere.It would have had a much more profound effect if I 'd never seen SCHINDLER 'S LIST , Steven Spielberg 's best `` adult '' masterpiece , but I kept comparing the atrocities of this film 's color scenes of horror with Spielberg 's black-and-white ones and had to go with SCHINDLER every time.I 've always loved what Polanski did with THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS , ROSEMARY 'S BABY and especially CHINATOWN , but I 've been scratching my head since then with efforts like FRANTIC , BITTER MOON and THE NINTH GATE.THE PIANIST is one of his great films told at the pace of one of his bad films.Sorry .
 the disc has circles scratches all over the disc and it keeps gliching it skipped 3 scenes and it was described as like new this is crazy i want refund
 I bought the widescreen DVD of The Pianist at Circuit City and it froze and jumped within chapter 13 . I got a replacement copy and it played fine until near the end when the German officer shows up and then it jumped back to chapter 13 . I played the DVD 's on different players , different brands . Do n't know if it is a widespread problem or related to Circuit City 's batch . -LRB- The movie itself is 5 stars , I 'm only reviewing the DVD . -RRB-
 Quiet Audio : I watched the movie using my home theater system . The 5.1 surround audio is soo quiet I had to turn up the volume to the maximum setting , the voices were still very quiet and hard to understand , the action was loud but not crazy loud like you would expect.Subtitles Broken : I tried to turn on the sub titles so my girlfriend could read along as it was too quiet and some of the accents are hard for her to understand , but the subtitles do n't work either . The only time the subtitles worked is when there was a German sign being translated like ` No Jews ' , and at the beginning of the credits a subtitle thing came up telling you what company or whatever you should thank for the subtitle that did n't work.I am very unhappy with this , I love the movie but this is basically unwatchable . I did not try switching the audio off the 5.1 surround , maybe that would make it louder if it was just in stereo . Also , I 'm a movie and a home theater buff so I know for a fact there was nothing wrong with my setup to cause this to happen . I watch at least one movie a day and have experienced this problems with a few other movies before .
 The movie was great , I enjoyed it so much in the theaters that I bought it when the DVD came out . But I was so disappointed to find out that there is NO ENGLISH SUBTITLES in this DVD -LRB- 3-disc special edition , Canada -RRB- , only French subtitles . It may be trivial to others , but it 's something that I want and think should be standard in the DVD .
 This movie seems to help propagate the myth the somehow life for Gentile Poles was basically the same before and after Nazi occupation.Nothing could be further from the truth . -LSB- ... -RSB- Six Million Polish Citizens Were Killed During the Holocaust of World War II.Half of These Polish Citizens Were Non-Jews . On August 22 , 1939 , a few days before the official start of World War II , Hitler authorized his commanders , with these infamous words , to kill `` without pity or mercy , all men , women , and children of Polish descent or language . Only in this way can we obtain the living space -LSB- lebensraum -RSB- we need '' . Heinrich Himmler echoed Hitler 's decree : `` All Poles will disappear from the world ... . It is essential that the great German people should consider it as its major task to destroy all Poles . `` Non-Jews of Polish descent suffered over 100,000 deaths at Auschwitz . The Germans forcibly deported approximately 2,000,000 Polish Gentiles into slave labor for the Third Reich . The Russians deported almost 1,700,000 Polish non-Jews to Siberia . Men , women and children were forced from their homes with no warning . Transferred in cattle cars in freezing weather , many died on the way . Polish children who possessed Aryan-looking characteristics were wrenched from their mother 's arms and placed in German homes to be raised as Germans.The story provides little hint of any of this .
 I usually love Polansky , but this movie for me was the story of someone who survived . I mean if I wanted to show the horrors of the war and how jewish suffered in Polan , I 'd rather do a documentary.There are some very good aspects of the movie ... I liked the music , ilumination and shooting , but not the story.For me is a story not special in any way , it just shows how some guy can be lucky enough and survive in a very hostile enviroment .
 I realize it is fashionable to rave about this film , but I found it dull . It is well acted and well photographed , but the Brody character is just not very interesting . This guy escapes the holocaust through the efforts of a series of other people , does very little to help himself other than scrounge for food , does essentially nothing to save others and shows little gratitude towards the people who help him . There are seemingly endless scenes of Brody sleeping or staring out a window . This is a yawner . There must be a lot of politics behind all the awards this film got .
 The following is an excerpt from a report about the blu-ray transferquality of the TVA Canadian release , currently posted -LSB- ... -RSB- . -LRB- The TVA Canadian release is the one released April 28 2009 , which has a cover image of the pianist 's hands on the keyboard , shown from above . -RRB- `` The movie `` The Pianist '' is a moving and beautiful piece that truly deserves better treatment than this unfortunate ` cash grab ' by TVA Films . The video maxes out at 1080i -LRB- yes , you read that correctly - not -LRB- P -RRB- rogressive -RRB- and the sound is -LRB- shudder -RRB- only Dolby Digital - not DolbyTrueHD or DTS Master HD . ... The packaging also seems sub-par with no actual Blue-Ray logo on the plastic -LRB- like every other BD disc out there -RRB- and the `` 1080p '' gold logo is used on the back -LRB- and that is simply inaccurate -RRB- . The disc , quite frankly , seems more like a bootleg than an actual new release BD . ... `` Also note that the TVA release is in full frame , not the original widescreen format .
 A classical pianist surving the Nazi atrocities through the spirit of music-sounds like a great dramatic plot right ? Well , it was miserable . Brody should be forced to give back the Oscar , Polanski should stick to flicks like The Ninth Gate , and we ALL knew how horrible the Nazi 's were , shooting people in the head and just plain evil , no need to go over it and over it for 2 and a half hours here ????!!!!! Brody 's entire family is wiped out and you see him staggering down the streets weeping like Deniro in a comical way , as in Analyze This
 It 's been a year since I seen the pianist , The movie has an overall good storyline but the slow paced scenes are `` yawn worthy '' if you like movies that have long and slow dialog than you 'll truly love this film .
 I did n't enjoy it yes it was well made but it is very overhyped and is n't anything to rave about , Not really worth your time unless you love long dull films .
 This movie is about A jew that survives the whole bloody war . In the end some German finds him , feels sorry for him and lets him live . He also goes on on play the Piano after all the $ hit he has been through . Sorry if I messed up the ending but what can I say ...
 Simply bad . I like intelligent films and this film is not one of them . It 's long , tediously boring and by the end I was not rooting for the survival of the main character . Everyone in the theatre was asleep by the time this film was over.Stay way , stay far away.My review may be unpopular but at least it 's honest and not driven by Oscar hype .
 PROS : - The sole dvd `` Bonus Feature '' shows what I believe is the cutting edge of HD Film-making -LRB- Yes REALLY ! -RRB- , but I 'm certainly NOT an expert . HD Camera + Hard Drive + Magic Black Box Thingy = Instant `` Dailies '' with on-the-fly color correction , or something like that . Apparently , they were the first to do it.Anyway , this `` Behind the Scenes '' featurette lasts for what seemed about 10 minutes . The folks who made this film are obviously `` technically '' gifted . Unfortunately for me , SMART CREW + STUPID IDEA = NOT-HAPPY-RENTER-PERSON ! CONS : - The maturity level of the director and male crew members appears to be stunted at , I 'm guessing , MAYBE 11 , but not in a funny `` are n't we a bunch-of-complete-idiots '' sorta way . It 's more of a `` my , are n't we a frightened-bunch-of-homophobes with a strange on-going fascination with JOEY LAWRENCE , Hot Tubs , ETERNAL DAMNATION , and PRE-OP Transexuals '' kinda thing.-It 's been a while since I rented this , but I seem to remember that the female characters were all written as complete wh * res and b * tches , unless of course they 're `` unattractive '' in which case they 're just HAGS !!! Again , I think it helps us see what these guys are attracted to and repelled by.-And finally , the biggest `` CON '' that comes to mind is the amount of time that you 'll lose by watching this film that you will NEVER EVER EVER GET BACK ! Save yourself some time & money and just punch yourself in the `` SHAMA-LAMA-DING-DONGS '' . And you 'll feel SO MUCH BETTER afterwords ... . or you 'll pass out , which is good too .
 With only his second directorial showing in feature films to date , Robert Englund -LRB- best known as Freddy Krueger -RRB- brings us ` Killer Pad '
 Robert Englund , a man most of us know as Freddy Kruger , directs the Horror/Comedy entitled `` Killer Pad '' . Englund does an ok job having fun with the genre and the script by Dan Stoller has about one real laugh , everything else is just silly one liners and lame fart jokes that we could easily have found on Nickelodeon . There are some amusing side characters played namely by Joey Lawrence , H&eacute;ctor Jim&eacute;nez and Andy Milonakis but they are n't big enough stars to really drive the picture home . The one really humorous part in the entire movie is when Joey Lawrence does his impression of Bruce Willis , it really is almost uncanny . To get to the plot of the movie , three friends buy a huge house in the Hollywood Hill 's , the only problem is the devil lives in the basement . The friends decide to throw a house warming party , but since the devil lives in the basement people at the party start dieing and things start going terribly wrong . In premise this sounds like there should be a lot of fun involved , and `` Killer Pad '' is at times a pretty amusing ride but not very much at all sticks or is worth watching again . Watching this movie again would be a fate far worse then death . This being said I did semi enjoy myself , for about five minutes , when the end credits started rolling . One aspect that really detracts from the overall enjoyment of the movie is the stupidity of the all the characters . Dan Stoller made the three main characters so stupid and idiotic that it 's almost unbearable to watch . There is Boss battle against Satan at the end of the movie to the sounds of KISS but it 's really anti-climactic and just frustrates me even more . I expected more from Robert Englund who is so seasoned in the genre , and although he does do an ok job of directing his actors , because the acting was n't terrible , the question I find myself asking is why on earth Englund would have agreed to have anything to do with this movie . The real flaws are in Stoller 's script , in which he keeps giving the same jokes over and over . I expected more from Daniel Franzese , who in this played Doug , one of the idiotic poorly written leads . It 's sad to see Daniel Franzese in such a horribly unfunny role when we 've seen him so funny as Damien in Mean Girls . The other leads , played by Eric Jungmann and Shane McRae do what they can with such a poorly written script . Aside from the horrid script the next biggest problem is this movie does not deserve its `` R '' rating . If this movie was going to get an `` R '' rating anyway I expect more nudity , blood , gore , raunchy humor , or something to hold the `` R '' rating or even my complete attention , but instead we are left with a movie that barely should have earned a `` PG-13 '' . Mr. Englund I 'm disappointed in you .
 I do n't do camp . So I would n't know a good campy movie if it bit me on the rear . Is this one any good ? Can someone tell me ? Brody , Craig , and Doug are three violently unfunny buddies who move from Illinois to Los Angeles , and throw a party at their new `` killer pad . '' Turns out there is a gateway to Hell in their basement , but the guys are convinced that the strange goings on are due to `` squatters '' -LRB- er , weightlifters ? -RRB- . Joey Lawrence dies , and Craig and Doug carry him through the party with sunglasses on . Partygoers recognize him . Blatant ripoff of Weekend At Bernies ? Check . The beautiful neighbors that the guys are interested in turn out to be Satan -LRB- with a penis -RRB- and his/her minions . There are zero boobs to speak of , only a midget 's be-hind . Ooh , pinch me . Did I mention that Robert Englund directed this ? Did no one point out to him that gorgeous babes at a party in an R-rated horror comedy = bare breasts ? The talents of Bobby Lee -LRB- Mad TV -RRB- and Jeff Davis -LRB- Whose Line Is It Anyway ? -RRB- are totally wasted here , as well .
 `` Anna Christie '' is a 1930 film of a 1922 Pulitzer prize winning Eugene O'Neill play . This was the second filming of the play , an early silent film having been directed by Thomas Ince in 1923 . It stars Greta Garbo with George Marion , Charles Bickford , and Marie Dressler.This film was Garbo 's first talkie . Prior to this Garbo had been in nearly 20 silent films , starting as early as 1920 . Her best known silent films were `` Flesh and the Devil '' -LRB- 1926 -RRB- which was directed by Clarence Brown , and `` Love '' -LRB- 1927 -RRB- in which she co-starred with John Gilbert . She was nominated 3 times for an Oscar -LRB- `` Anna Christie '' , `` Camille '' , and `` Ninotchka '' -RRB- but never won . She is listed # 5 on the AFI 's list of Greatest Actresses . Her salary for '' Anna Christie '' was $ 250,000 . George Marion appeared in the original play and in the silent film of the same name -LRB- 1923 -RRB- . He reprises his role in the 1930 film . Marion appeared in 35 films , mostly in the silent era . In 1930 alone he appeared in 8 films , including Oscar winning `` The Big House '' . Marion plays Garbo 's father.Crusty Charles Bickford appeared in nearly 100 films . `` Anna Christie '' was his fourth film . He was nominated for an Oscar three times -LRB- `` Song of Bernadette '' in 1943 , `` The Farmer 's Daughter '' in 1947 , and `` Johnny Belinda '' in 1949 -RRB- , and each time , the actress who played opposite him won the Oscar for Best Actress - Jennifer Jones , Loretta Young , and Jane Wyman . Bickford plays a sailor who falls in love with Grabo , unaware she was a prostitute.Marie Dressler was a major star of the silent era . She started in films in 1910 at the age of 42 and was famous for her Tillie films -LRB- 1914 , 1915 , 1917 -RRB- and later won the Oscar for her role as Min in `` Min and Bill '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- opposite Wallace Beery , and was nominated in 1932 for `` Emma '' . Her final film performance was as `` Tugboat Annie '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- opposite Beery again . Dressler plays the girlfriend of Garbo 's father.Clarence Brown directs . Brown was a well known silent film director -LRB- `` Last of the Mohicans '' , `` Flesh and the Devil '' -RRB- . He was nominated for an Oscar 5 times -LRB- `` Anna Christie '' , `` A Free Soul '' , `` The Human Comedy '' , `` National Velvet '' , and `` The Yearling '' -RRB- but never won . His films earned 38 Oscar nominations and 9 wins , but never for Director . This was his second film with Garbo and they would work together on 4 more films . He loved working with actresses , and also worked with Joan Crawford 6 times.Williams Daniels is the cinematographer . Garbo insisted he shoot all her films , which he did , except for 2 -LRB- `` Conquest '' , `` Two-faced Woman '' -RRB- which turned out to be flops at the box office . When not working with Garbo , Daniels was a favorite of Erich von Stroheim , who was Garbo 's favorite director -LRB- even though she made 6 films with Brown -RRB- . Daniels lensed more than 150 films . He was nominated 3 times -LRB- `` Anna Christie '' , `` Cat on a Hot Tin Roof '' , `` How the West was Won '' -RRB- and won once -LRB- `` Naked City '' in 1948 -RRB- . Irving Thalberg produced . Known as `` The Boy Wonder '' , Thalberg transformed MGM into the powerhouse it became . He sponsored the Marx Brothers as well as films such as `` The Big Parade '' -LRB- 1925 -RRB- , `` Grand Hotel '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , `` San Francisco '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , and `` Romeo and Juliet '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . Although the staging for Garbo 's entrance is great , with the audience waiting to see her saunter up to the bar and say `` Gif me a viskey , and do n't be stingy baby '' , by today 's standards it 's a little too long to wait for the headliner to appear . Nonetheless , the public and critics were excited . The New York Tribune called her voice `` deep , husky contralto that possesses every bit of that fabulous poetic glamour ... '' BTW - her husky voice was part of her act . In real life her voice was quite high , but she practiced for years to develop a deep voice so that she could make the transition to sound films.The film received 3 Oscar nominations -LRB- Actress , Director , Cinematography -RRB- but did n't win . As was common in 1930 films , the camera is relatively static and rather than film oriented , this is more of a filmed play . As well , many of the actors came from the silent film era , so the acting tends to be exaggerated . Although there are some early 30s films that resemble more modern film techniques -LRB- e.g. , `` Public Enemy '' , `` Grand Hotel '' -RRB- , this is not one of them.The film has historic value as the first Garbo talkie , and there is another great performance from Marie Dressler . It 's also great to see photos of the New York skyline in 1930 . But otherwise the film fails to hold up by more modern standards .
 I was expecting more comedy , was n't really funny.I watched the entire thing on a amazon video credit , So glad I did n't pay for it.If you have nothing else to do and a free credit from amazon , then get it.If not , wait for it on HBO .
 I only watched this film to see Norman Reedus , because I 'm now a fan of his thanks to The Walking Dead . Personally , I like realistic movies . I 'm also fairly young -LRB- 20s -RRB- and spoiled with great movies , so I might not appreciate as much as it deserves . If your like me then you 'll bang your head into the wall a few times during the movie if you watch this . Last note , I did n't even bother to finish watching the whole movie .
 The movie would have been better if you could see what was going on . the whole movie is so dark . I have been to yorktown and was wanting to see places I got to walk around in .
 if you gave this film more than a 2 . It screams amateur . The acting is bad , its recorded like a soap opera , there is no tension , the dialogue is silly , and the reveal toward the end is idiotic . The killer -LRB- the one that spoke -RRB- was just not believable . He should 've followed the lead of the other guy and kept his mouth shut . The reason given as to why the killings are happening does n't carry the weight of the film by any means . Why the second guy turns on the first one is never addressed . Its just poorly done and the generous reviews must be from people connected with the project . I ca n't imagine any self respecting horrorphile being satisfied with this . Sorry to burst any bubbles .
 `` It 's not just ghosts that make you scream ... '' That 's right . It 's also the moronic dialogue , glacial pace , and impenetrably dark lighting in this movie . Although it 's only 78 minutes long , I felt as though I had been watching for hours and suffering through every second of it . The set up scene where our clueless heroes learn of a haunted asylum and decide to visit it , which in a sane world would take 5 minutes , spans 20 soul sucking minutes of uninspired chit-chat . The movie moves on to scene after scene of people wandering around an abandoned asylum -LRB- a location that I 'm sure would work wonderfully for a film made by anyone else but these clowns -RRB- accompanied by more inane chatting , the worst tribute to the Psycho shower scene that I have ever seen , and an unpleasant , unnecessary , wooden sex scene in a chapel . The actors can go forward in this life knowing that there will be no vengeance wreaked for their blasphemy because no just god would allow this atrocity of a film to exist . The climax scene attempts a twist in such a way that will only leave a viewer scratching their head and trying to avert their eyes from the fellow in his boxers tied up with duct tape and a little too happy about it . That there is a sequel in the works shakes me to my very core.You will not like this film unless you have a taste for the worst horror movies imaginable . This does not even have camp value . You have been warned .
 poor acting , no script righting , bad cinematography , and creatively void of any entertainment value . life is short for watch such poor film making .
 Sadly I could n't finish this film . The drawings and animation were great but I just could n't stomach any more scenes of doggy bodily functions or the resentment of Tulip 's owner of having to pick up after his dog . Maybe if I were more of a dog lover I would 've found this to be interesting . Having said that I have enjoyed dog and owner type movies in the past like `` Turner and Hooch '' for example , which is about a guy having to adjust to having a gregarious type dog . But this movie was just too much !
 I will always tip my hat to independent animators . However , this film falls short in my opinion . Yes it will be memorable , but not because it was good . Humor can be found in the disgusting and revolting , but the entire film is composed of feces , puke and sex . To say the least , it was too much for me to appreciate . What little there was that felt charming and sweet was overpowered by foulness . But to be honest , I have seen far worse -LRB- unfortunately -RRB-
 This is one one the strangest movies I 've ever seen . The narrator/main character is obsessed with defecation , urination , and copulation related to dogs and humans and graphically depicts them over and over throughout the movie . The animated characters that reside in the narrator 's imagination are sometimes human , sometimes canine , and sometimes a part human-part dog creature which all engage in multiple failed copulation attempts , all graphically depicted . The author 's fascination with the dog 's failed attempts at copulation is only surpassed by his interest in the many places and ways in which the dog empties her bowels , also animated with great attention to detail . He throws in some very gloomy , self-obsessed , narcissistic comments about life in between his descriptions and depictions of the bodily functions of his beloved pet . There is not one likable character in the whole thing , including perpetually barking , ill-mannered dog . Very strange movie from start to finish .
 This movie is often praised for following the book in not avoiding the bodily functions and urges that are inherent to dog-ness . I 'd say the movie does n't just `` not avoid '' them , it wallows in them - to the detriment of the more meaningful and insightful story .
 After reading Roger Ebert 's glowing review several months ago I thought I would enjoy this movie . It did not meet expectations stylistically or thematically . Too many ruminations on the dogs urinary and bowel habits . Do n't need to see a dog 's anus drawn on the screen , nor hear discussions about her `` red vulva . '' Wished the movie would have captured some of the other joys the narrator felt through this relationship , as opposed to the narrator 's desire to breed the dog for some reason . Animation style disappointed as well . Starts off promising but then fades , and can be surprisingly dark . -LRB- The narrator matter-of-factly discusses drowning Tulip 's puppies -RRB- . I thought it would be less about the breeding of the dog and more about the owner and dog growing old together , as well as vignettes about differences between dogs and their owners , benefits of having a dog , etc. . Got ta go against the critics on this one - thumbs down .
 This appalling animated movie is based on the memoir `` My Dog Tulip '' by the famed British writer JR Ackerley , who rescued an abused and neglected dog , a nervous and dangerous Alsatian . Unfortunately Ackerley knows nothing of dogs and learns little about them - he does n't even really housetrain her well . If Ackerley aimed to shock us with his memoir , he did so , and the movie is horrid.Altho ' he claims to love Tulip and calls her his `` ideal friend , '' he is a terrible dog owner . He refuses to scoop poop , to take her to obedience school , to stop her from biting other people - including a child and his own sister - fails to stop her destroying houses , and terrorizing all and sundry . Worst of all , he does n't spay her . Indeed , in his naive efforts to `` breed '' her , he deliberately creates 8 unwanted puppies and gives them carelessly away , making no effort to find them good homes or to ensure their care.He even beats Tulip several times . Dog lovers , beware ! Watching him hit the dog was repulsive and I actually had to turn away . This is supposed to be a testament to dog ownership?It is exactly how * not * to own a dog . As a vet tells Ackerley early in the movie , `` Tulip is a good dog , you are the problem . '' And unfortunately , this does n't change.The art in this animated movie is charming
 I have to agree with the review by `` fortune . '' This was drab and sad and so focused on sex -LRB- not love , not romance -RRB- and poop -LRB- in great graphic detail -RRB- that it 's hard to understand why anyone would want to watch it .
 This movie was offensive to us . We only watched it for a short time . We ended up putting it in the trash .
 Seeing this film was painful . How a man like Andy Griffith who professed to be a follower of Jesus can make a film as this is difficult to understand . The character he plays is one that lives a new life sleeping with women . There are a number of inappropriate comments made by him such as `` I will buy you a case of condoms '' as well as statements referring to the oral sex he received and enjoyed . Everyone in this film is a into free sex including his grandson who has a one night stand in the car with his girlfriend who later admits to setting him up for it . Further the women in the retirement home all enjoy having sex with the character Andy portrays . Now here is the crux of the issue . Andy Griffith is a man who states he loves and follows Jesus yet he is involved with a film clearly sending a message to everyone that free sex is OK . Of course it 's a fictional film . The real Andy would not do this in real life but should he be involved this ? I do not believe so and were I his pastor I would have asked him what in the world was he thinking . He has betrayed a lot of admiring fans including myself who went out to see this film and left bewildered . Andy later commented on the film that he was happy at his age to get a part in a bedroom scene . A sad commentary on how Christians who call themselves followers of Jesus can allow the world to influence them to such a point . What a sad witness to Christ . Hope you enjoyed the fleeting fame this film gave you in your closing days Andy . Rev Acerno -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Our family got this movie because we thought so highly of Andy Griffith.We could not have been more disgusted and disappointed.I was under the impression that Mr. Griffith was a christian , however , his behavior in this movie does not represent his belief in any way.I am so angry that my son and daughter had to witness such behavior . We thought we were were getting family friendly and ended up with porn !
 quite disappointed in some of the charachter Andy played in this movie . Overall it was funny at times , I would not have bought this movie had I seen it before .
 I am 18 years old , and I can assure you that I found nothing funny in this crude movie . I had to leave the room.I am so disappointed in Andy Griffith . I expected more from him then what he gave in this movie .
 If you love Andy Griffith and think of him as a sweet , well respected Christian man , DO N'T WATCH THIS MOVIE . I am hoping that when Andy watches this movie now , he regrets it . That would be the only thing that would help me get past his references to oral sex , constant arousal and viagra . He encourages his grandson to forsake chasing after one-night stands and to look for `` companionship '' . But by the end of the movie they 've switched places and basically what Andy is looking for is sex NOT companionship . Poorly written , terribly acted -LRB- except for some early scenes with Andy -RRB- and pathetically casted . I ca n't believe the freaky `` ice cream man '' -LRB- C-flick horror movie -RRB- is cast as the leads father . Truly-NO one else must have wanted to act in this mess of a film.Yuck !
 When a fairy tale resonates enough to be told and retold over several centuries , as many of Charles Perrault 's folktale adaptations have , one must presume them to hold a certain quality that transcends the typical story . Bluebeard , for instance , being so dark and laced with such innate fears , would perhaps qualify for a modern spin . Times indeed have changed somewhat since Perrault first set word to page , and though Bluebeard has been adapted many times since , there 's always room for a new version , that 's part of the beauty of a folk tale is n't it ? That spin that 's added over time?Director Catherine Briellat 's version achieves only in flattening out the depth in the tale , of leaching the fear from the characters , and washing over the cinematic pallet with cheap Hal loween style costumes and reused sets . Yes , yes , I see that perhaps the ` staged ' quality of the Bluebeard story within a story -LRB- two little girls are actually reading the book in the 50s -RRB- may imply that it is ` constructed ' within the mind - a fiction . And yes , I get that the cheap costumes may serve metaphorically to emphasis that riches are only on the surface , and that this ` rags ' to ` riches ' tale is a trap . And finally , yes , I see that perhaps the reusing of the sets may imply that the lead - Bluebeard 's young wife - really does n't get anywhere , her journey is stagnated . Alas , the potential for metaphor is bursting from this over-ripe fruit in place of flavor and emotion.The two tales , that of Bluebeard in its Renaissance Fair setting , and the sisters reading the story in their treasure trove attic , are oddly disconnected . While the four young girls are charming enough to carry a well directed film , here they seem to just be doing there own thing , just with memorized lines . Only the long still shots work in this film . So much so that as images in a story book , a selection of well staged shots might serve Briellat better . When run together as a film , it 's a mess.With all the negativity aside , I 've seen worse films . I do think this film has a few things going for it , though perhaps not intentionally so . I was deeply engaged as I watched , trying to piece together something that ultimately was not there , but anytime a film engages you , it stands to some degree above others that do not . Perhaps others may find more here than I , but I ca n't recommend .
 Yes , I only gave this two stars . However , to give this film it 's due , it was beautifully costumed , scripted , and acted . BUT , and there is a big BUT , there is an unsettling ending to this film , that I 'll not reveal , however , in fairness to this film , being based on the fairy tale Bluebeard ... perhaps I should have expected it .
 The known fairy tale but with some good dose of ugliness , and cruelty . We know that the fairy tale too is cruel but the covered cruelty in this film is unbelievable . Mothers do n't make the mistake to show this film to your kids . They will loose even the rest of tenderness -LRB- through fairy tales if they read some -RRB- , our time has left for them !!!
 I read the other reviews . I saw nothing hillarious or edgy about this really dull film that could easily have been made a short , rather than a feature.It 's two stories in one . On one hand are two young sisters , one reading to the other the ` horror ' story of Bluebeard . The other story is that tale acted out.Two other sisters are kicked out of a convent-school because their father has died . Impoverished one marries Bluebeard the local lord who has a reputation of killing all his wives a year after the marriage.Of course one would marry him ! That 's one of the dumb story elements . The other is that Bluebeard leaves his young bride , gives her keys to all the rooms in the castle , including one room he forbids her to go into.She goes in , and there 's the bodies of his previous wives . He returns and has to kill her . And here 's the next dumb plot - it 's very wordy French film at its worse as she accepts that she 'll die , but asks for time to prepare - really to go to the tower and just happens to be able to signal passers-by . He goes to kill her but she asks to be killed in her wedding dress . He allows this . And so on . Other pleas for another delay.It just got so tedious . Nothing really happens the whole film
 When they mixed the supernatural with a crime movie , you sometimes get great results such as `` Crow '' which added the right about of sex , nudity , violence , music , and weird . Sometimes you do n't get good results such as this movie . Simon Rex plays Taz , a wannbe-drug king . His dad , or step-dad , is played by the tough guy Ving Rhames , who starts out the movie as dead , comes to life in a flashback , then really comes back to life as a demon . Taz , in order to save his family from being murdered , makes a deal with the devil , -LRB- who would BTW already would have his soul -RRB- to become the new drug king of Miami . Ving as the demon goes around to eliminate the competition , although as it turns out Taz does n't have the stomach for the job . Blood , killing , brief sex scenes , brief nudity and not enough of anything worth while . Not a good supernatural film , not a good crime film . The movie has us identify with a drug king who is both a bad guy and a coward . It just does n't work well .
 This movie was very &#34; corny , &#34; low budget . I am very surprised that Ving Rhames was even in it . My husband order it to watch just out of curiousity . We were both disappointed with it.Ving is the split personality of another actor -LRB- no clue what his name was -RRB- who kills people . Drug/gang related movie . Too far fetched and cheesey for me . Ving is the only actor in the movie that I had even ever seen before .
 This unoriginal Spanish film is just another tale of defenseless women being stalked , bullied and tortured by a psychopathic mama 's boy . It has some edge of the seat moments , but the storyline is so overdone and the ending is stupidly grim . Boo !
 I 've seen a lot of gay films -LRB- around 250 or so -RRB- and this one is not high on my list . I will first focus on the strengths . This tells a simple story of an innocent and idealistic young man looking for Mr. Right . He finds him in another man who is only beginning to explore the possibility that he might be gay . For both of them , they share their `` first kiss '' with each other and then the film is over . Prior to that touching moment , we meet a lot of odd friends who like to drink and smoke pot and behave in silly , goofy ways . The acting comes across as insincere . At thirty minutes , I thought , `` I hope this film gets better , '' but they almost never do after thirty minutes and this one did n't either . I recommend this film only if you have few other choices . My recommendations of tremendous gay films , awesome writing , insightful stories are
 This movie goes nowhere fast ! Twenty-minutes in and I 'm bored out of my mind . The soundtrack is awful ; the acting is average ; the production quality is low-budget and there seems to be a glaring absence of a discernable plot .
 Rather disappointing and contrived . I felt that the acting was mediocre and I certainly would not recommend this movie . How about some heartwarming stories !
 This film is about a script writer who is teaching at a university . He rambles on and on about cliche in movies , and yet this movie is completely guilty of them too . The movie is too predictable by the end . It may not have the ` girl runs upstairs , instead of outside to safety ' thing , but it does have the typical ` guess which of our 5 characters introduced during the whole movie done it ? ' so it has failed to try and be smart.So the main character finds himself receiving phone calls and receives messages on his machine from random people , begging for his help , as some psycho has a gun to the heads of the victims ... which leads to him being the # 1 suspect , and he has to try and figure it all out to prove his innocence . The plot is far from original , but watchable , and as I said , predictable , so once you see the ending , you will probably think to yourself that you saw that coming a mile away . I highly doubt you will have no intention to ever see it again.A rental , or d/l at most , but not worth purchasing .
 Matthew Lillard -LRB- `` Scream '' -RRB- plays Joel Brandt , a struggling screenwriter teaching at a college . One day someone leaves a strange message on his telephone , asking him to help immediately or he will be killed . Joel thinks it is a prank call and deletes it . Later , at a caf&eacute; his ex-girlfriend Claire -LRB- Chiara Zanni -RRB- works , Joel learns that he should have taken the deleted message seriously . A man falls from the building right in front of him - the very man who made a call a few hours before . `` Message Deleted '' is written by a veteran writer Larry Cohen , whose recent works include `` Phone Booth '' and `` Cellular . '' They may not be exactly the greatest thriller in the world , but the fast-paced thrillers are still very entertaining roller coaster rides , keeping the viewers on the edge of their seats.Unfortunately the story of `` Messages Deleted '' unfolds so slowly that we lose interest before it reaches the 30 minute mark . In the second half the film gets silly with Deborah Kara Unger 's detective , who just does not even try to check the phone records at the telephone company.After all , `` Message Deleted '' suffers what the film 's protagonist tells his students not to do in writing a thriller in his class . I know the point the film is trying to make with its self-referential dialogue , but without the pace , wit and storytelling of more skilled director -LRB- like Wes Craven -RRB- , the film only becomes tedious and boring .
 Definitely a six beer or two doobie movie . Promiscuous Mom attempts to get her cute adult son introduced to sex by female friends . This works but only fires up his real desire which is * por mama * . The requisite shame and guilt ensues with fatal consequences . Fairly retarded . Lousy sex . You will really have to hamstring your thinking mind to like this even a little bit . But why bother ?
 Teenager Pierre 's father dies in a car accident , leaving him alone with his mother , a sexy , worldly woman . To put it mildly , Pierre has a `` crush '' on his mum . Perhaps unusually or not , given the spate of older women seducing children lately , the mother also fancies her son . Isabelle Huppert is enchanting and self-assured as the mother . Louis Garrel is the come-of-age son . MA MERE takes you into sadism , nudity , sex and incest . Not exactly family fare . Ultimately , MA MERE goes nowhere and , as if to prove that point , offers an alternative ending .
 No , no , no
 Another squeamish Isabelle Huppert monster from the back lots of the film noir school of French cinema . If you left the room for her role in `` The Piano Teacher , '' you 'll need a double dose of antacid - or vodka - for this Oedipal tale of a young Catholic educated Frenchman vacationing in the Canary Islands and `` initiated '' to the joys and pains of S&M by his inebriated mother , the disgustingly creepy Ms. Hubert and her fetching younger friends .
 Tries hard to be edgy , but comes across as silly . The erotic scenes are not even that-just awkard and incomprehensible .
 Prime example of what is wrong with the French subconscious , and with everything else that derives and is born from it . In a world where there is no absolute truth and no right or wrong , where every tenet of beauty is thrown into the trash -LRB- ie postmodernism in all its hell/glory -RRB- this film is the product and final example.A bad remake of a film on Oedipal themes that 's been done a million times before -LRB- mainly by French `` auteurs '' -RRB- . . with nothing redeeming about it . Facile , shallow characterizations of morally defunct and corrupt people mixed with lots of bad , cheesy sex scenes . I fast forwarded through some parts and then went back to see if I 'd missed anything , and it was more of the same , disgusting , debasing interactions between sick people with no conscience or humanity.Felt like watching a serial killer 's wet dream as a teenage boy , I feel dirty even writing this review.Don ' t waste your time , throw this one into the bin .
 Total waste of time . Tedious and pretentious in the extreme and ultimately disgusting . This film is a good example of why French cinema has such a bad reputation in America .
 The disk worked fine but the film is primarily for homosexuals . Not a real ` coming of age ' film for boys who know the differnce between men and women .
 One would think that Christophe Honor&eacute; when casting Ma M&eacute;re would at least wanted to have actors who are at the very least sexy . If he had done this , the film would have been far more interesting and at least remotely titillating . A butch , muscled , truculent young actor playing Pierre , Helene 's morally tormented son would have certainly breathed some life into the proceedings.There 's a scene that comes half way through Ma Mere where Helene , and her best friend R&eacute;a -LRB- Joana Preiss -RRB- are about to have a kinky threesome with an American . Here Honor&eacute; had a perfect opportunity to cast a hunky , sexy actor in an effort to liven things up , but instead he goes for someone so underfed , and under washed that he comes across as absolutely repulsive.Of course , Honor&eacute; did n't cast anyone remotely attractive and hunky , much to the determent of the film , so consequently we have 110 minutes of Euro silliness mitigated only by the presence of Huppert and the striking ability of the actors to keep a straight face throughout this mess.Based in the Georges Bataille novel , Ma Mere is all about the mutual exclusivity of sex and god and how Pierre -LRB- Louis Garrel -RRB- must reconcile his sexual awakening with his religion . To rouse Pierre , we have the ever-fetching Isabelle Huppert as H&eacute;l&egrave;ne , Pierre 's liberated mother . More than anything , H&eacute;l&egrave;ne wants to break down her son 's pious inhibitions as well as his wrongfully righteous view of her.The setting is the Canary Islands and Pierre arrives to spend some time with his mother , who tells him that she 's a drunk and a tart and that she does n't want to deny this , but be loved for these traits . More confused than ever , the scraggly-haired , clinically glum , and rather unattractive Pierre is torn between masturbating to his late father 's porn clippings and praying desperately at his makeshift shrine.Mom , concerned about his attitude , decides that her son needs a sexual initiation , so she fixes him up with Rea , one of her wildest friends , a young woman who is probably a prostitute , but is also obsessed with voluptuously kissing and putting her finger up people 's rectal areas.In one very public space , R&eacute;a riles Pierre into compliance and , before long Pierre is wondering the dunes outside their beach house naked , and anxious to test his newfound moral freedom further as H&eacute;l&egrave;ne presides over him like a temperamental teacher . When H&eacute;l&egrave;ne abruptly goes away , she leaves Pierre in the care of Hansi , -LRB- Emma de Caunes -RRB- an angelic blonde and the saint to R&eacute;a 's dark-haired devil.Between skin shows , the constant licking and sucking , the bare breasts and backsides , and the soporific psuedo-philosophical poolside conversations that stretch on endlessly , Hansi leads Pierre to reflect on the moral boundaries of sexual freedom.The sex in Ma Mere is without joy , eroticism , or interest , in fact , the whole affair ultimately comes across as a rather tortured , painful , and dispirited . One would think that a reckless mother of a young man who takes her son on an odyssey of sexual adventure with all her perverted , weird friends would be at least provoke some spark of interest , but there 's no such luck here . And it does n't help that the film 's initial conceit is fraudulent ; the problem being that Huppert 's Helene does n't really look like a drunk or a whore - it seems merely that she could be if she wanted to.For all its thematic darkness and provocativeness , Ma M&eacute;re is rather a disconsolate affair and often feels like a half serious comedy , with most of the life wrung out of it . The characters commit acts that are not remotely realistic and , as such , they lack roundedness , a sense of real-world fears and conscience . They come across more as a group of hermetically sealed and monotonous self-obsessed freaks , who we observe with a cold , clinical detachment , none of them instilling even the remotest amount of sympathy.So long as Huppert is on screen , there 's someone gorgeous to look at , but she disappears for a long stretch in the middle . Things steadily go downhill from there as we 're left with only Garrel , de Caunes , lots of really bad sex , and a load of half-baked , pretentious poolside psuedo-philosophizing . It does n't help that Honor&eacute; dulls his movie by using so much jittery camera work that it looks like an amateurish home movie . When the dialogue is n't perky with sexual angst , the director fills it out with Samuel Barber 's Adagio for Strings , an inexplicable choice that does n't fit with the proceedings and does nothing to enhance what already feels quite meaningless.The only time in Ma M&eacute;re where this viewer actually sat up and took notice was at the end when The Turtles ' song Happy Together plays alongside Pierre 's mother-love climax - which is stupid as it is inexplicable . Other than that , this pitiful excuse for a sexual adventure has never felt so tiresome and so boring . Mike Leonard October 05 .
 If you liked this movie you may also try gazing into a stool and stirring and sniffing for 90 minutes . In fact I would n't be surprised if they 'd come with a sequel based on one 's obsession with their own stool . It 's not that these ` complex thoughts ' do n't exist in the human mind , but are more properly dealt with in a medical office . Someone mentioned Oedipus ? Give me a break .
 Last week I saw a movie called `` The Aristocrats '' , a documentary about the world 's dirtiest joke . I did n't like that movie not because its content was n't interesting , being able to see the way comedians work and what they find funny , but because the joke itself is not funny . It 's vulgar just for the sake of being vulgar and that 's not funny . Well here is a movie that is vulgar just for the sake of being vulgar . And guess what ? It 's not entertaining.I do n't mind violence or nudity in a movie . All I ask is that there be a justification for it . Have the violence or nudity serve a purpose . For instance I would never tell someone do n't go see `` GoodFellas '' because the language is too extreme . The language in that film is fitting giving the subject matter . Although I do n't know any mobsters , I would imagine that that is how they talk . Therefore it is justified . `` Ma Mere '' stars the wonderful French actress Isabelle Huppert as Helene a woman who 's husband has just died and now she and her son , Pierre -LRB- Louis Garrel -RRB- must find a way to cope with it . Or do they ? We sense Helene did n't love her husband , she later admits she was cheating on him . And we sense Pierre did n't love his father either . There is also a feeling of incest in the air.But what is `` Ma Mere '' really about ? I have n't a clue . We never at any point in the film come to understand these characters . Who are they ? What was the relationship between father and son like ? Why does the son hate the father and only like his mother ? Why did Helene cheat on her husband ? What has lead these people to become how they are ? These are all very important questions that this film does n't address . In another movie that would have been the whole point . Another movie would focus on the people . This movie just focuses on their actions . That is not as involving because if we do n't know who these people are , why do we care to watch them?Giving the theme of incest some audience members might be tempted to compare this movie to Bernardo Bertolucci 's `` La Luna '' . That movie received a lot of harsh criticism upon its release , but compared to this movie `` La Luna '' is a masterpiece of the highest order . At least in that movie we understood the characters.Isabelle Huppert has always managed to pick some fine roles . I enjoyed her in Claude Chabrol 's `` Merci pour le Chocolat '' , `` Time of the Wolf '' , and `` The Piano Teacher '' . She has always played characters that seemed to be a mystery . Roger Ebert says she has a great Buster Keaton face . We are intrigued by her . And some people may be intrigued by her character in this movie but it is not because of fascination . It is because of bewilderment . And Louis Garrel is a walking zombie . You may recall him in Bertolucci 's `` The Dreamers '' but here he has no personality . It is just one embarrassing scene after another with him.Viewers should know that the movie is rated NC-17 , and for good cause . There is a lot of nudity in the film . If you are truly offend by such material , consider this your warning . Stay away . But even if you are not offended by such material stay away anyhow . Here is a movie that is as boring and meandering as `` The Brown Bunny '' . * 1 \ 2 out of ***** Bottom-line
 Watching this film was like getting peed on by a guy -LRB- or gal for that mater -RRB- ho had been drinking a lot of water all day and the pee was like clear but it still kinda smelled like pee , but pretend you are really thirdty like you starving for water in the desert , and you you want to drink something cus your dieing but its still pee . this movie makes no sense to me when i viewed it . this movie was like getting peed on . the only way that it wasnt ZERO stars was because the camera wasnt too bad I could tell everything in the box of the TV but thats the only reason it is n't TOTAL PEE , instead it is just watery pee pee FROM EVEN AN ELEPHANT !! I HATE IT !
 How many times can I can that this really sucked ? A complete total waste of time . Unless you are brain dead .
 Usually I enjoy movies that deal with the human condition , but the darkness and depravity of this movie ruined the eroticism .
 do n't waist your money . I hated this so called movie . Very little nudity , poor acting and very poor story line
 When her emotionally distant husband dies in a car crash , his widow introduces their son to her parallel life of sex clubs and all-night partying -LRB- I guess it was an open marriage -RRB- , hoping to bring the poor boy out of his shell a little . Somewhat provocative and engaging story is undercut by too much philosophical rambling , a general air of seediness , and a downer ending . I 'm not saying that those elements represent weaknesses of the movie , only that they 'll prevent you from enjoying the film on anything other than an `` artistic '' level , if you 're inclined to do so . In other words , this is n't an exciting movie about a sexy mom introducing her shy son to her sexy friends . Though there is a sexy mom and some sexy friends . So , if the mere presence of those elements - underused as they are - is enough for you , go for it . Myself , I felt the movie was n't a total loss , but I did find myself looking at my watch once or twice .
 As usual , the best thing about this Isabelle Huppert film is to watch the actress give her all in a difficult role , in this case a sexually perverse mother who engages in the sexual education of her son and eventually gives in to incestous desires . However , even a great actress like Huppert needs a good script and director , and Christophe Honore has done a sloppy job with this one . Based on a novel by Georges Bataille , the movie might have worked if it had been in the hands of a great director , which was the case of Michael Haneke 's adaptation of Elfriede Jelinek 's equally disturbing `` The Piano Teacher , '' which won Huppert several acting awards . Instead , you get a mother and son who never ring true as believable fully fledged characters , in spite of the best efforts of the actors . Director Christophe Honore 's discussion on the DVD of what he intended to do was far more interesting than the film itself . He sounds very academic , though , which may have been his main flaw tackling this film . The sex in the movie is intentionally disturbing , setting the stage for metaphysical reflections , but they just sound pompous and ridiculous -LRB- especially the connections between sex and religion -RRB- . The last scene , intended to be moving , is downright laughable and ridiculous . Still , the attractive and talented cast gives their all ... and you do have Isabelle Huppert on the lead ... too bad the writer/director is not half as talented as his leading lady deserves .
 This film explores the dark and primeval recesses of human sexuality . It is thoroughly disturbing and at times disgusting.It is a story of a misguided mother -LRB- played by the amazingly talented Isabelle Huppert -RRB- and her pitiful 17-year old son Pierre . She is as promiscuous as it gets and after her husband 's accidental death , she unleashes her totally mixed-up emotions -LRB- mostly sexual -RRB- via non-stop debauchery not knowing the detrimental effects on her teenage son . She claims to be a free spirited rebel , but a rebel without a cause is usually a stupid person.Pierre 's character is hopelessly pitiful . He seems to be perpetually confused and is mixing spiritual thoughts with untamed instincts interspersed with acts of sheer brutality & violence . His mother 's upbringing style and pseudo indoctrination is n't helping his cause either . At times , he thinks that he is God and is running crazily on the streets . Eventually , he lets his jumbled emotions get the better of him and he lands up -LRB- accidentally -RRB- killing his own mother . The last few scenes in the movie will make your stomach churn.Science has proved that all emotions such as affection and love can be chemically isolated as chemicals and neurotransmitters . There is a deep bond between mother and her children -LRB- the isolated chemical compound that causes this bond is now known -RRB- , but as sapiens with an overgrown neo-cortex , we are also blessed with the ability to rationalize and tame the animal instincts . Succumb to these instincts and we might as well retreat to the caves as the vulnerable naked ape .
 If you like your characters morose and uninspiring , your sex joyless and twisted , then this might be your movie . I did n't care about the characters , and I sure did n't find any of their behavior interesting or sexy .
 If one desires to cinematically adapt a work by Georges Bataille , then that desire should at the least reveal an attempt to understand Bataille 's staggering ` philosophical ' meditations . Christophe Honore definitely manifests such a desire , but his film infinitely bores and oozes a school-boy 's titillation with the ` merely ' sexual in Bataille 's novella ` Ma Mere ' . There is always an anti-visual element in Bataille 's work , marked by his obsession with the blinding sun and the blind patriarch - hence , to anticipate the visual in Bataille , is to expect something more than pallid drama driven by character analysis and stunted spectacles of sex . It is a challenging task to represent the -LRB- anti -RRB- retinal equivalent of the disorienting syntax of Bataille . Disappointingly , Christophe Honore 's film is no visual experiment - it only shows individuals experimenting with sex ! These myopic , cinematic interpretations of Bataille 's work do him more damage than ` honor ' .
 *** This comment may contain spoilers *** `` Ma Mere '' 2004 -RRB- directed by Christophe Honor&eacute; stars the wonderful , brave , one of the finest French actresses Isabelle Huppert as Helene a woman who spends one summer at the Canary Island and whose husband has suddenly died in the car crash while on his way back to France , to his mistress . Helen is left with her 16 -LRB- or 17 -RRB- years old son Pierre -LRB- Louis Garrel , Bertolucci 's `` The Dreamers '' -RRB- . Pierre was brought up by his grandmother and came from the catholic school to spend his summer vacation with his parents who are more of the strangers to him . Here comes the first of many questions I had while watching this movie . If Pierre does not know very well his parents why he hates his father so much and is so attracted to his mother ? We clearly see that Helen did not love her husband and had cheated on him and not just cheated but had spent most of her afternoons partying with her girlfriend - lover Rea engaging on all kinds of sexual acts . I wanted to add `` perverted '' but the director tells us through one of the most sympathetic characters in the movie that he does not believe in perversion so , I guess we should take all the events and the relationships as normal . I think that the writer/director is not interested very much in giving us any motivations , justifications and insights in the characters ' minds and souls and that 's why many scenes are laughable , awkward , embarrassing and boring , in spite the nudity , sex , and violence for which the movie received its very well deserved NC-17 rating . Do you want some examples ? Here we go . Poor Pierre , odd and lonely , torn between his catholic upbringing and his unhealthy obsession with his mother , runs in the sands , fells on his knees , looks at the sky with anger and asks -LRB- God , I assume -RRB- , `` Why do mothers always want their sons to be Gods '' ? Later in the same scene , an old woman appears and Pierre asks her if she wants to be Mary , mother of God . . There is also a nice scene at the father 's studio . After her husband is killed in the accident , Helen gives to Pierre the keys from his father 's studio . Pierre finds porno magazines -LRB- lots of them -RRB- , throws them on the carpet , throws himself on the magazines making love to them and then he urinates at the magazines and everything else within his reach in the room . Then things become even more interesting . Pierre , his mom , and her friend Rea are in a cab going to a night club . Rea and Helen kiss and hug , then Helen fondles Rea 's breasts while Rea promises to Pierre that her first kiss would be in his `` filthy bottom '' and she actually checks if it is filthy or not ... while Helen watches in amusement . Another night , Helene and Rea abandon Pierre and find him later , passed out in the street . Rea undresses him and has sex with him as the tourists pass by ... while his mother watches . Back at the villa , Pierre takes part in an orgy with his mother , Rea , and Hansi -LRB- de Caunes -RRB- , another friend of Helene 's , a young and pretty blonde girl . It seems to me that anywhere in the world , Helen would be pronounced an unfit mother and the boy would be taken from her - not in this movie . Well , Helen feels that she gets too attached to her son and too interested in his sex education and she and Rea go away , leaving Pierre in Hansi 's care . Hansi introduces Pierre to the world of S&M ; and tells him that his mother wanted him to do everything that she herself had done with Hansi and her many young friends ... At one point , Helen realizes that she has lost her lust for life which for her means that she does not enjoy the sexual orgies anymore . She returns back and then two weirdest scenes follow which I wo n't reveal ... and then the final credits accompanied by the Turtles ' `` Happy Together '' . You got the picture.More than anything this movie reminds me an old joke that I recalled during the scene on the beach where naked Pierre is daydreaming and Helen in a white dress appears like a dream and whispers in his ear `` The desire reduces us to weakness '' or something like that . Here is the joke . A man comes to the talent agency and says that he 's got a great act . When asked what it is he goes , `` Just imagine a huge theater with the audience all dressed up , the men in tuxedos , the ladies in the gowns , and there is a huge balloon hanging on the top of the ceiling . The balloon is filled with excrement . The music plays the lights are on ... and then suddenly the lights are off , the music stops and I shoot the balloon from behind the curtains . The lights are on again , the music plays , the audience is all covered with crap and here I am on the stage - wearing a white tuxedo . '' My guess is that Christophe Honor&eacute; has told us this old joke and he is the one wearing the white tuxedo while the rest of the world including everyone involved in `` Ma Mere '' are covered with ... well , excrement . Or like one of my friends said , maybe `` Ma Mere '' is a timeless masterpiece and I simply did not get it .
 I watched this trash for almost an hour . Mother is into booze and sex with anyone , including her son . She set her son up with a girl she is having sex with . What a loving relationship . Does n't every mother want to have a threesome with another woman and her son ?
 Copy I received was some kind of internal review copy with words to this effect on literally every frame of the movie .
 The reason I was drawn to watching this so-called French art film is the participation of Isabelle Hupert whom I enjoyed from I Heart Huckabees . Watching her in this film is as repulsive as watching European Divas like Monica Belluci in Irreversible and Juliette Binoche in Damage . Very slow-paced , bad camera work , unflattering makeup . The actor who plays the son is very unattractive and unconvincingl . The supporting actresses effortlessly pulled off performances that resembled live home video footages . Hupert is a great actress and I admire her courage to be part of this provocateaur , but at the same time I wonder why she wants to add a film like this to her resume . Perhaps having been around for long time , and have done every role out there , it 's time to play a oversexed singled mother who messes around with her boy emotionally , psycholically , and sexually . By the way , the film seemed a bit too long , and I was so bored that I had to fast-forward after one hour . This film really deserves one star , and the second star is for Huppert . Do go back to playing a good woman again darling .
 This was a waste of money due to the video quality about half of your movies from Amazaon works and half do n't what are u doing to fix the issue ?
 This DVD showcases some mouth-watering male specimens , and they might have had a chance to heat up the screen if less time were spent on the photographer yakking . In fact , just about the time the photo shoots get intesting , the filmmakers cut to images of unrelated , inanimate objects or to the -LRB- relatively unattractive -RRB- photographer again . And the music is simply AWFUL , like bad '80s porno music mixed with mediocre dance music . I expected this DVD to be similar to the `` Dieux du Stade '' releases , but this seems aimed at teen girls . There 's just not much that sexy , or even that interesting , here .
 Simply put this is just a boring showy documentary piece . The guys are nice to look at but , this leave everything to your imagination . Plus the continual narration drives you nuts .
 waste of time . didn , t even watch it to the end . some of the sound was bad . the intention was good but the film fell short .
 Not worth the price - should be free . Why are the charging to rent something when it should be free .
 It did n't have much for me because I could have picked up a magazine with more details and pictures to excite
 it showed nothing and downright boringi wished it had more men and less talk about how to make a movie
 This video was ok only . It was not a story like the regular Bob the Builders , it was sorta documentary like . My son still enjoyed it , but I was disapointed enough to not buy any other `` on site '' videos .
 In the Spring of 1974 Director Terance Young and company came to Oroville , California to film the Klansman . The locals were excited to have a big studio film made in the small town . However , when it opened at the State Theatre in Oroville , there was widespread horror.The film included a castration , an attempted rape and two rapes , plus a whole lot of racial comments and some god-awful acting . You would have thought that Richard Burton would have done well with his acting , but he was one of the worse . He was drunk and chasing an under-age girl for most of the shooting schedule and could not seem to handle the southern accent . -LRB- This may have been the incident that destroyed his and Liz Taylor 's marriage . -RRB- Lee Marvin , Cameron Mitchell , Lola Falana and a few others did well in their acting but the script shot them down . It was full of racial stereotypes that probably set back racial relations for the next 100 years . -LRB- This was OJ Simpson 's first film . -RRB- I was there in 1974 and saw a lot of the shooting of the movie . It 's only redeeming value to me is the fact that it showed a lot of areas of Table Mountain , Cherokee , Oroville and Sugarloaf Mountain -LRB- 75 miles north of Sacramento in Northern California -RRB- . The scenery is beautiful but the movie is awful.There are many scenes that are unintentially funny because of the bad acting plus a hilarious scene where Richard Burton `` slaps '' Cameron Mitchell into a blood pulp . A Classic!All in all a minor film but worth seeing if you want a laugh or two . Warning , the rape scene with Lola Falana is not for the faint of heart ! Plus the castration scene makes ME grit my teeth !
 The DVD version of this film is a nightmare . When this movie was released I was the night projectionist is a grind house in downtown San Diego , California . It was so incredibly offensive that I immediately put it in my `` Cult Classic '' list . Imagine my horror upon watching the DVD . The sound track is perfectly horrible and the `` editing '' is nothing less than a hatchet job , to say nothing of being a close relative to book burning . The pitiful Pollyannas who did this have completely robbed the film of its impact . What kind of a world do these people think we 're living in anyway ? I strongly advise against buying the DVD in its current state .
 This DVD is Complete Rubbish ! No , not because of the Racism , The Klan , Lynchings , etc. , but because of the Poor Acting , Film Quality , and Editing . The DVD Producers actually turned this into a PG Rated Fim ... Oh , it 's still called an `` R '' , but the Lola Falana Rape Scene was Spliced so heavily that it not only fails to move Me emotionally , I would miss it entirely should I blink My Eyes . The Original Opening Scene , Where a Topless Young Black Lady -LRB- Jeanne Bell -RRB- is tossed around by White Men standing in a Circle is Edited Out as well , the Producers try hard to omit Racially-Charged Scenes , but to do so leaves the Film empty , unfortunately they keep the Redneck Characters intact , the crappy acting from both Marvin and Burton , and a Dull O.J. Simpson , whose own Voice was overdubbed in this Film ...
 This is such an atrociously awful movie that it 's a joy to watch . You have to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of `` The Klansman . '' Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was awash in vodka . He arrived in Oroville , California and promptly proposed to an 18 year Denny 's waitress . His costar , Lee Marvin , was also drinking a bottle a day . Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious moments.Burton , as usual , dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a Southern accent are pitiful , to say the least . Marvin 's acting is much better , but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script , he ca n't fare much better . The highlights has to be the scene in the bus station when Burton karate chops poor Cameron Mitchell nearly to death . The movie was so cheaply edited that you can clearly hear director Terrence Young yelling , `` Cut , Cam ! Get up ! Cut ! '' They do n't even bother to edit out the director 's instructions . You will be laughing yourself into a choking fit during this lengthy bus station melee , This is a great movie to watch with a couple of beers . If you appreciate a terrible script , crude sets and two major stars who were drunk out of their minds while filming , you 'll love this one .
 This is such an atrociously awful movie that it 's a joy to watch . You have to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of `` The Klansman . '' Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was awash in vodka . He arrived in Oroville , California and promptly proposed to an 18 year Denny 's waitress . His costar , Lee Marvin , was also drinking a bottle a day . Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious moments.Burton , as usual , dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a Southern accent are pitiful , to say the least . Marvin 's acting is much better , but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script , he ca n't fare much better.This is a great movie to watch with a couple of beers . If you appreciate a terrible script , crude sets and two major stars who were drunk out of their minds while filming , you 'll love this one .
 Richard Burton was one of the all-time great thespians and it 's a travesty that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences never honored him with an Oscar for any of his numerous nominations . Lee Marvin was a dynamic actor in his own right as well . Why they are wasting their time in this ugly , worthless -LRB- ... -RRB- movie is anybody 's guess.Many films that incorporate a racist theme merit importance when they depict the horror and any subsequent violence that such bigotry and hatred derives . This film does nothing but present a shallow glimpse into the racial tensions stemming from the South -LRB- a common and unfortunate stereotype -RRB- . One interesting note
 Firstly , poor sound . Secondly , the film has been cut , heavily.Let us hope that Paramount release it on DVD soon , as it is their film . In the meantime , if anyone wants to see this film then just buy the Paramount VHS tape - it 's very good quality for picture & sound & it is UNCUT ! Do not waste your money or time on this poor attempt at a DVD release !!!
 I watched the Klansman on my Kindle Fire . I was appalled to discover two first rate actors , Richard Burton and Lee Marvin , as the protagonists . I 've seen `` disaster zone '' movies before and I must say that the Klansman makes the top five ! The only reason to watch this movie is to see Burton-Marvin `` acting '' as part of a sentimental journey into the past ... There 's nothing else to recommend this complete failure .
 Dire . By which I mean the DVD which seems to have been authored by someone at home with some free software.The DVD claims to be 112 minutes long -LRB- It says that on the packaging -RRB- but it is only 100:35 The other 12 minutes was lost when this was cut into the pan & scan TV movie travesty that you see before you .
 I ca n't believe two great actors would lend their names to this catastrophe . It would n't even make the B-movie list . Reviewers said there was a lot of editing out of violence . I ca n't imagine what could be restored to make this worth anything . It was cliche-ridden , poorly written and poorly acted . For example Burton 's character was supposed to be crippled -- Richard Burton hardly ever maintained that simple bit of acting . The Klan was an evil entity . Actually more insidious than the film depicts . So much more could have been made out of the story . Even the climactic scene was cut short . I ca n't believe it , but the best acting was done by OJ Simpson . Then there was the penniless white woman who was raped , She had a hair color job and make up that would have cost a month 's salary -- not convincingly destitute . Her rape was never cleared up -- among several loose threads left dangling.It was even worse than the first BILLY JACK from the same era .
 Firstly , this is not a great film , but what gets me is that films once passed and realiesed , should be left complete and in their proper run time.This vhs copy is the only real 112m version on the market , all the dvds have scenes missing , why bother putting them out if not whole.It has happened to lots of movies over the years.The Klansmen is one that has been a victim of polictial correctness , as a film buff I find this a pity , ok the subject matter is not for everyone , and we hope in our modern society we do not full back into this race hate time zone , but this is part of 70s movie history , let future movie fans see it as it was made , as for burton and marvin being drunk on set , well again let the film be judged by yourself , I for one think they were , and to finish buy this copy as no way will it get a blu ray realise , not for the subject matter , but because hollywood wishes to move 100,000 copies of a film not a couple of 100s , get this vhs copy before its gone forever . Guy Vase Aberdeen Scotland , oh and film gets two stars for its time in movie history not for being any good , just shows how some movies have been made in the past
 I do n't know who was more lubed , Marvin or Burton . Lola Falana is the victim of a really brutal gang rape , OJ Simpson is whacking people left and right . Not even bad enough to be funny . Hard to believe the same man who directed FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE was involved . Save your money .
 I received this item loose in the case . The DVD was damaged beyond repair . I have emailed Movie Mars and have not received a response . I have submitted this issue to Amazon for resolution .
 This is an uneven film . The first half is pleasant enough , but the plot develops so slowly as to go virtually nowhere . Then the movie takes a sudden dark turn , and though it held my attention from here out , it seemed too different , almost like watching a separate movie . The film has some fine moments of insights and sentiments , and it also contains moments that feel contrived and forced . High caliber actors did their usual fine job , but most of the characters are presented superficially . The attempt to draw parallels to an indigenous South American tribe with the assembled characters is marginal at best . This is a mixed movie for me ; two and a half stars right down the middle , but not a twinkle more ; they could have and should have done a better job .
 If they gave an Oscar for most contrived story , this film would be a nominee . The film opens with Finn -LRB- Anton Yelchin -RRB- , the teenage protagonist and narrator , viewing a copy of his father 's documentary of a primitive South American tribe whose name translates `` fierce people . '' Finn 's father is a noted anthropologist who , after discovering the fierce people , returned to to the States just long enough to deliver a few lectures and impregnate Finn 's mother -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- , then a college student , before returning to the jungles of South America . Although he never married Finn 's mother , Dad has kept in touch with his son , and he has given him the next best thing to a live-in father
 Basically , this movie depicts rich people as incredibly selfish and horrible human beings . The movie parallels the society of the priveledged to an indigenous tribe -LRB- I forget the parallel -RRB- ... maybe survival of the fittest or something of that nature . There 's drugs , sex -LRB- with adults and teenagers -RRB- , murder , self-mutilation and sodomy of a teenage boy , ... . need I say more . This was a story of a summer vacation gone horribly wrong ... why did the family stay ? As soon as this movie was over -LRB- I watched the entire film for some reason -RRB- , I popped in a feel good movie
 Although this movie has some great actors -LRB- Sutherland and Diane Lane -RRB- it was hard to follow and at times did not make sense . It was hard to sit thru and times due to it being slow and I had to advance chapters a few times to try and figure out what is going on . My advice is -- rent it but do not buy it . I do not see this as a B movie but not anything more than a C movie . Disappointing dispite the cast .
 There was much potential with this cast . Chris Evans was biggest disappointment , and only reason I bought the DVD . He should only act with his shirt off , as he did in CELLULAR , wherein his initial shirtlessness and the appearance of Jason Statham carried the rest of the movie.Not so in FIERCE PEOPLE . Story meanders and gets lost after pivotal event mid-screenplay . Ending sucks .
 This movie was awful . The acting was mediocre and there was essentially no plot . It did n't give any real insights into the lives of the rich or the conflict between rich and poor . It did not even work as a believable `` coming of age '' story . The director threw in some some gratuitous drug use and violence , but that was hardly enough to keep my interest . I was glad when the credits started rolling on this one .
 The description for this movie was very far off . It is boring , hard to follow , and the story line is not all that good . The acting is just okay . I was dissapointed ...
 I 'd just finished watching the UK release of Dexter season 4 , and got this version of season 5 , and while the show is great , the mastering of the DVDs seems to have been done by monkeys.Play all is randomly on some discs , but not others , and the chapterization is garbage . I want chapter skip to take me to the start of the episode , just after the titles , but no , this one is either the start of the titles , or some point inside the epsiode.How difficult can this be ? It 's not brain surgery , people !
 DVDs would not work . Tired in 3 different DVD players and in my laptop , would not work in any , awful waste of money !
 Amazon did a great job of getting the DVD to my door on the date promised . Excited I could n't wait to watch these videos however after repeated delays in working properly in my XBOX I finally got the 1st and 2nd DVDs to work . I was not so lucky with the 3rd DVD . I can not get it to play at all . I even tried another DVD player in case it was my XBOX player.Now I am waiting to call Amazon to see what can be done .
 This item took almost 5 weeks to arrive and it was a pirated copy that did n't work . It was a gift for my daughter and we both were appalled !
 If the product is placed in an international market then it should be available internationally . I do not want to burn or download items illegally but this is very frustrating .
 If you 're a Dexter fan , then obviously you will need to see this season . However , do n't expect too much . I 've noticed that , more often than not , when a series hits a high , its followed by a swift , and devestating low . And unfortunatly , to my great surprise , Dexter is one of these series . After 4 stellar seasons , everything that had so perfectly been built up seemingly disapears ... Season 5 does get off to a great start ; the season premiere brings a much-welcomed acknowldgement of the lasting effects of season 4 . Dexter comes to the realization that he does in fact have feelings , and strong , non-threatening feelings at that . But then comes Lumen , and a storyline that I felt incredibly frustrating , familiar , and yet very-much forced . The murders were predictable , and the villians were so , so boring ; especially when compared to Trinity . Oh well , you ca n't win em ' all .
 No subtitles for Season 4 , just captions , which were a horrible jumble of missing and butchered words . CaptionMax points finger at poor mastering -- will the same morons be in charge once again ? How about doing some actual quality control , Showtime , or maybe even cough up some real subtitles this time around ?
 I almost returned my Blu Ray discs to the store because I thought there was some form of error because none of the discs would load . After researching online , I found others had this problem because Showtime forces the discs to go to BD-Live first , instead of just the normal disc screen to watch the episodes.What an extremely annoying and frustrating way to structure a disc . I will never buy another Showtime blu ray until they change this obnoxious policy.I 'm beyond frustrated that I had to spend 30 minutes online researching just to find out that the disc would eventually load if I just stared at a blank screen for 15 minutes.Dexter is awesome , but Showtime gets an F for this .
 May as well watch it online over a modem , you 'd get a better quality than this DVD release of Dexter Season 5 . It has less quality than a widescreen VHS tape played on a 50 '' HDTV . You can barely make out any detail on people 's faces and they sometimes cram 4 episodes into 4GB of space on the DVD.I 've tried watching this on a PS3 which has very good upscaling and then through my computer just to be sure and from all of the other reviews it looks like Showtime just shoveled a steaming batch of you know what onto us.Not sure why they could n't even spring for a 2-layer disc for this release . I think they just want you to buy the Blu-Ray release . I recommend going to your local library and renting this for free rather than paying anything to watch this if this is the kind of quality Showtime wants to give its loyal paying customers.I have n't finished the season , it 's just painful trying to watch these discs , but halfway through it 's a decent season , if a little repetitive . Hoping for a good finish on the second 2 discs , though I 'm probably going to wait until the library gets a Blu-ray copy in and then watch that rather than giving Showtime any more of my money!If you plan on watching this on a 27 '' or smaller TV then you may not notice it too much , but on anything bigger I ca n't recommend buying this DVD until Showtime has stated that they 've fixed these issues .
 I saw the first season of Dexter and could not wait to buy the rest . Once I watch them I pre-ordered Season 5 and kept checking to see if a date had been releases . This season does n't even begin to measure up to the first four seasons . I just finished watching the second disk and I just ca n't believe how weak the story line is . It 's very predictable . Hopefully disk 3 and 4 is better . Based off disk 1 and 2 I already know who Dexter 's final victim will be . I hope I am wrong but I do n't think I am . It 's a good thing it 's cheap.Update 20 AUG
 I saw the REAL series on Showtime . I always get the DVD after the series has ended . I have never been disappointed in the Showtime releases of Dexter until now . They edited the original so badly that the continuity between shows has been lost . This is a SIN !!!! They have sacrificed one of their best shows in favor of mindless advertisement for other less popular programs . If you can acquire Amazon streaming episodes of Season 5 that have not been cut , then that is what you should do . Showtime should re-release an uncut version of this DVD and try to recover their reputation . I am saving my Season 6 on DVR because I do not trust Showtime to do a decent job any longer .
 I too feel this was the worst season . I LOVE Dexter -- from the first time I saw it , I was addicted . As soon as I finished one episode , I would have to check with Showtime for a sneak preview of the next . I have my family and friends Dexter followers as well but this season I can not really recommend . I will buy the season because I have all the others but if the 6th season is not any better , I probably will stop viewing and purchasing.Around the 3rd episode of the 5th season , I thought ` maybe , it is going to pick up and get better ' and it did for a couple of episodes but the character of Lumen , I just never got . To me , she just did not seem to fit into the scheme of things . Dexter was no longer the center attraction it seemed , so my interest dropped . I 've heard many comments about the chemistry between the two actors/characters but all I could keep thinking was his was just brutally murdered and she was raped and beaten repeatedly so who 's in the mood for sex or love for that matter.I can relate to Dexter as he feels differently than he acts/reacts in the presence of others -- only his thoughts give you a clue into his true character and nature . And while , yes , he is a serial killer ; he can be so sweet , caring in his way , and inadequate -- just seem so normal and that 's what makes you captive to Dexter ; a fan .
 Many of the DVDs could not be watched . Did n't return it because I found a way to watch the season online , but this was a disappointment .
 I remember that prior to this season , we were told that this year it would not be about another `` Big Bad '' ending up on Dexter 's table in the final episode . Apparently someone had second thoughts . And why would n't they , right ? It 's the show 's formula and it 's a financial success , so why take risks , they probably told themselves . But I for one am frustrated and annoyed by this mindset.That 's the basic issue I have with the show . Another season without notable and lasting ramifications . It 's quite the opposite in fact . It yet again feels like someone pushed the reset button and we 're back to square one.But this season had far greater flaws than the formulaic nature itself . The writing was all over the place . Dialogues were laughable and cringe-worthy at times.There 's a subplot about mysterious murders involving Santa Muerte cult rituals . It 's odd and uninteresting to begin with , but what makes it worse is the fact that it went nowhere . They could have completely erased that entire part of the season , as it added nothing to the overall story . It also introduced a side character , a Latina cop . Just as the plot , she was a pointless addition and also was never heard of again.The back story of the Big Bad is thin . All we know is that he , the Big Bad called Jordan Chase , and his summer camp buddies tortured girls as young boys and kept the tradition alive into their adult years . We do n't get much more.Quickly it became clear that this is the familiar story . He 's bound to end up on Dexter 's table . It 's a false sense of suspense . It 's just lazy.The idea of Lumen is potentially interesting , but it never takes off . It 's a very clumsy approach and it feels forced.Dexter bonds with her , as they both have a `` dark passenger '' inside them . It leads to some good scenes and fine acting by Michael C. Hall -LRB- not by Julia Stiles , who can not remotely keep up with him -RRB- . But in the finale , Lumen , in the blink of an eye , just does n't carry this passenger anymore , gets on a bus and the writer 's are done with it . All said and done , because that 's how things work in Dexter universe.Another reviewer has addressed the numerous plot holes and cheap plot devices.The writers always take the easy way out . For Dexter to get in a ridiculous car accident to move the plot along is just terrible writing . Same goes for how neatly the whole thing with Quinn resolved itself . Multiple things that still make him look extremely suspicious are simply disregarded.The cheapest of all tricks was the plastic sheet scene , though . It 's an unbelievable and ridiculous cop-out . Instead of playing with Deb finding out they should finally have her do so . The show desperately needs it .
 I found the new series a disappointment . It lacked the tight , creative writing with twists and turns that commonly found in the previous season ; the plot line seemed to be on autopilot . Also , the story is also becoming even more less believable , which takes away from it -LRB- e.g. dexter investigating the blood sample of a fellow co-worker who is suspected of murder , a pickup truck that happens to throw every body all over the road , and other silly incidents -RRB- .
 The quality of this product was about the worse thing I 've seen on DVD from Amazon . It was distracting . Just awful . The seller replaced it immediately , but I do n't think it was the seller 's fault . Also , Julia Stiles was just not the right choice . I was so bored with her performance -LRB- and panting -RRB- - a first while watching my favorite show on TV . Fingers crossed for Season 6 .
 Series is great , however having a 3 minute ad for Homeland that is not skippable makes this set unwatchable . I am paying for the discs so I do n't have to watch ads .
 I was a fan of the first four seasons and was excited for this one but it let me down big . Stupid plot , dumb new characters , the same repetitive dexter activities every episode . This season is by far the worst of any produced . It was so bad that i have completely lost faith in the show .
 Spoilerish : I really had high hopes this season . Will Dexter be accused of murder ? Will this be the season Debra finds out ? What will happen to the children ? At the end of each season , I 've expected a huge pay off in the end that blows me away , and it has -LRB- well , maybe not so much season 3 -RRB- . But season 5 was such a let down because the writers just did n't take any chances . So many plot holes , dropped storylines lines and just outright lazy writing -LRB- why the hell would you close a case just because of `` lack of DNA '' , why do the cops believe Masuka 's auto erotic asphyxiation theory without even investigating it ? , etc -RRB- Instead , they hit the reset button where Dexter will be on his merry way until a new big bad comes in , learns something from them , kills them , and gets away with it -- again . I know I 'm not alone when I say this . Go on any website or board and they 'll express more of the disappointment I 've written here.But to the show 's credit , it 's still better than most of the good seasons of a lot of TV shows .
 If you want a good series that involves a seriel killer/psychopath as the main character check out Death Note . It has a very unique storyline that deals with both Japanese mythology , crime drama . Also that show has something this show is really missing and that is a foil 2 the main character . In the Death Note Series it is a character that goes by the nick name of L , an easy going , ecentric , but extremely intellegent detective that tracks the moves of the main character seriel killer Light/Kira . That is what this series needs a very witty and clever detective who will target and eventually catch Dex when it is all said and done with . But anyways this series does n't offer anything really , and this season was just as pointless as the others .
 Dear CBS , I understand that you 're trying desperately to sell BluRay , but the quality of these DVD transfers just keep getting worse every year . The film transfer would be of a higher quality if you sold the bootlegged version . No excuses -- do better or we 'll quit buying altogether .
 Enough has been said about the plot of the show . If the studio had done it right , I 'd give it four stars , but they made a very obvious and sophomoric blunder that is inexcusable . The audio track for all 12 episodes is in mono audio , rather than stereo or surround sound . This would be fine if we were watching Columbo , but Dexter is a modern show with layered sound patterns and stereo music and a mono audio track simply does not work . Do not buy this product .
 This is a fine season of Dexter , but the DVD forces you to watch a Showtime promo at the beginning that CONTAINS DEXTER SPOILERS ! You ca n't fast-forward , chapter-skip , or menu-skip during this promo set . I 'm not sure if the broadcast version had this problem , but the color grading applied is obscenely orange in this season . Everyone looks like they just got a bad spray tan .
 I downloaded the unbox and purchased Dexter
 I got this item and watched it right away . The last episodeon the 2nd disk skipped really badly . Unable towatch the last 15 minutes . Sort of a problem since I have never seen the episode before . Then the third disk had random little skips . I contacted the seller and was told send it back and I will refund it no problem.I was very happy and impressed with the service . I mailed it back on 9-12-11 . Havent been refunded . Contacted the seller , he asked for my tracking number , I dont have one since I shipped it USPS from my job . Never heard from the seller again . I have emailed him several times . Looks like I have no product and Im out about 30.00 . Wont order from this seller again . I was very cooperative and gave many chances to right the wrong.For the record THIS SEASON OF DEXTER IS AMAZING . The parts we saw were amazing !
 Ca n't even remember buying this movie ! Ca n't remember anything about it . That says a lot ! So I do n't think I can recommend it .
 I am kind of done with Dexter . The beginning was awesome but then it got kind of repetitive and boring.I think Showtime should shelf this series and move on to something else .
 It 's a truism that the worse a television series starts to suck , the more loudly it 's Fanboys will defend it . It 's no surprise that Season 4 is rated `` four stars ''
 Disc # 2 , purchased brand new , was filmy . Upon playing , the disc skipped several times and eventually stopped . I cleaned the disc , but the same behavior continued . Very disappointed and want a refund .
 We were excited that Dexter was finally released . This is the only one that we purchase . We thought that after the first part that somewhere it would change and he would get back to his old self but he never did . It was absolute boring and very disappointing to the end . Needless to say that we will not be purchasing any future Dexters unless we hear that it has changed .
 I was hoping never to have to write this review , but I think I have officially grown tired of Dexter . I have been watching Dexter since season 1 , and have continued to be impressed at how the show seems to get better each season . I was especially blown away last season , but have to give this season 2 stars because it was way below average for all of the reasons below.While there is no denying Julia Stiles ' acting ability , her whole storyline just left me flat . One minute she and Dexter are soul mates , and the next , she is miraculously cured of her `` dark passenger , '' literally over night , and she 's gone !!! Her storyline was not nearly as interesting as that of Jordan Chase and his friends . Their story could have been developed more and easily been the focus of this season and worthy of the majority of the episodes.In addition to the problem that I had with the emphasis on Lumen , the relationship with Debra and Quinn was just not believable . The actor who plays Quinn is just too wimpy looking , and not nearly man enough for Debra . And what 's up with his hair ?? It is very distracting , as is the whole Batista/LaGuerta relationship . Their bickering back and forth and supposedly volatile relationship just does n't add anything to the show . Although I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed Peter Weller 's character and his storyline actually added to the season.Now comes the hard part . I think it 's time to put Dexter to rest . We get it ; he 's a serial killer , struggling to balance a `` normal '' life and his urge to kill . I honestly do n't know where else the writers can go with this . His victim 's stories have become more interesting than Dexter 's -LRB- absolutely loved John Lithgow ! -RRB- and Dexter has become a supporting player to the other killers . And quite frankly , it 's just not believable anymore that he continues to get away with manipulating evidence -LRB- the whole situation with Dexter pinning the barrel girl murders on Boyd Fowler has been done time and again on this show -RRB- . The whole `` code '' thing is getting a little muddy and I 'm just not interested in seeing him set up his kill room anymore . Been there , done that.I would love to see the writers concentrate on writing a final season that keeps the viewers on the edge of their seats as Dexter begins to unravel and his whole world comes crashing down . Bring in a character worthy to bring Dexter down and let the viewers see what happens as Debra comes to the realization that her brother is a murderer . As much as I love the show , Dexter is a serial killer after all , and I think it 's time that he pays !
 One must have a certain bent in order to appreciate Dexter . I admit I do n't have it . Though series five did leave me with the chills and I found it suspenseful and horrifying , the butchery is too well done and all in all it is truly repugnant . I ca n't subscribe to the lovable Robin Hood serial killer theme . It is not going to be a classic in my book for sure . And the acting is flat . Dexter lacks a depth and intensity , and that is frightening . A true picture of a sociopath . Thanks for teaching our kids about violence .
 Love Love Love Dexter ! The last disk did n't work but we did n't open it up until it was past the time to get a replacement . Stupid Amazon ! Still have n't seen the last episode of the fifth season !
 The video was very pixelated . I suppose I should have realized that the price would indicate the quality of the product .
 An increasingly non-credible story line coupled with a series of out of character mistakes has put me off the Dexter series . This episode was the last straw in that it has almost no character development while the cast seems to be getting into ever more complex but ultimately superficial problems . Stick to the first seasons and continue watching at your own peril .
 I 've watched all of Dexter and a bit surprised how people think this season is great . I honestly feel it 's the worst season so far . Maybe developments here and there are great but the thing about Dexter is the main person who is the killer . Nothing can top Lithgow from season 4 and then also his brother in Season 1 . But this killer sequence was not good at all . Nothing shocking at all when there were opportunities to really break new ground .
 Why on earth the producers would have ruined the entire season with the lack-of performance by Julie Stiles is beyond me when they showed such wisdon in their casting the first 5 seasons . She just phones in her `` acting '' and her attitude is also SO poor . I really hope they get a dynamic girl for the upcoming season to replace her ! The replacement does n't have to be likable , does n't have to be gorgeous , just NOT Stiles .
 DVD was received in a timely manner however , it had chinese subtitles and had to check turn off subtitles every time we insert a DVD . Also , it was a horrible copy because at the end of one of the episodes , the preview of the next one was on there . I will contact the seller for a return/replacement .
 When Dexter season 5 was airing on showtime , I was at the edge of my seat . It appeared to be the best season ever , right up until the last episode . However , all that was built up was quickly toppled by the meaningless ending . The season started with him having lost the kids -LRB- minus the baby -RRB- , and his wife . Than , the writers who are apparently too chicken to do anything original , end the season by putting Dex back in the same predicament he was in before the season started
 This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen ! Wasted $ $ on renting this one . I did n't even care what happened to the characters because their acting was just that bad .
 I bought this on the recommendation of the other reviewers . This is the worst film that I have ever seen in my entire life . To quote another reviewer on About.com
 I ca n't help but wonder if some of the reviews here were written by people involved with the production of this movie , or their mothers . Either that , or they saw a different movie than I did . The acting in this movie was terrible -- except for a good job by Michael Madsen . The `` good '' characters were so unlikable , and played so poorly that I almost was on the side of the psycho guy . There 's a lot of running around in an empty building , a lot of gore , and not much of a plot . I did watch to the end of the film , expecting an explanation , which when it came was pretty lame . Do n't waste your time .
 I remember when this movie came out . All my friends , including me , thought it was great . We were 12 . I took it out recently in the right frame of mind to relive my youth and great memories . To be straight to the point . The movie is awful . Terrible . Makes no sense at all . You would probably not find a 12 year old today who would like it . Maybe a 5 or 6 year old would like it . Everything about it is so over the top . The basketball game everyone raves about has one team of 7 foot guys against a team of 5 foot guys . When they get flubber put on their shoes they jump as high as the ceiling and everyone just basically thinks they got better at half time . Really ? I ca n't believe that America was so naive in the 60 `` s to have actually found this funny . If you remember it fondly , keep your memories intact and do n't watch this . I am warning you . You will be disappointed .
 Not only is this and many of the other live action DVDs released by Disney in January of 2003 being butchered to full frame instead of shown in their original widescreen ratio , but this movie is also being released in a colorized version.I thought we learned in the 80 's just how evil colorization is , but I guess Disney has n't learned . Avoid this horrible version at all costs and pray Disney learns how to properly release DVDs .
 This movie is almost unwatchable because it is not in widescreen format . There are numerous scenes where two people are talking and you see less than half of each person 's face . Every scene is arbitrarily cropped . It 's not even pan and scan ! The other issue is colorization . I would have much preferred black and white , but I can live with the artificial color . YMMV .
 This DVD is a full framed , colorized version of a black and white film.Someday when widescreen is the mainstream broadcast available -LRB- DTV mandated by FCC by 2007 timeframe -RRB- and most of us viewers have switched to new 16:9 televisions ; movie watchers will have to be buy another copy of these movies in widescreen format all over again . Boy those movie studios sure know how to keep getting that money out of our pockets . It is sad that the movie studios are slowly destroying the DVD format.And colorizing the film is silly . Seeing the smooth tones of a black and white film is part of the enjoyment of old films.We want our DVD movies in there original format !
 I was so excited to buy this DVD . I was expecting widescreen and original black and white . This would have preserved the presentation the film was meant to be seen in . I already own the video release from several years ago -LRB- pan and scan but thankfully black and white -RRB- and I never expected the new DVD to actually be WORSE than the video . I can only hope that Disney learns something from all of the unhappy customers out there and re-release this DVD in its proper form . Warner Brothers finally did the right thing with WILLIE WONKA , so I think that there is hope . Why own a DVD player or an HDTV if DVDs are released pan and scan ?
 I saw this movie upon its theatrical premier . It ran for about three months -LRB- ! -RRB- at my local cinema . It was a comedy masterpiece in its era . So _ why _ did Disney mess it up by not presenting it in its original widescreen format , and not in its original -LRB- Academy Award-winning -RRB- black - & - white photography?This release is truly a disgrace . The present Disney Company is , in my opinion , likewise a disgrace to Walt Disney and his high standards.I can not recommend this film in its present version . I suggest that Disney fans and general buyers wait for a release that is true to the film .
 This is the `` COLORIZED '' version of this Disney film that they butchered by in the 1980 's for the Disney TV channel . Disney must think that all their customers are adolescents and kids who do n't know the difference , WRONG!I picked this up to buy in the store , saw that it was colorized , and immediately put it down . I will NOT support butchering of films . If Disney wants to release the COLORIZED version , fine , do it , but release the BLACK AND WHITE one as well for us purists who want them as originally intended.BAD , BAD , BAD , HOUSE OF MOUSE choice here . Hope they get rid of their head of DVD development . He/she must have been born in the 1980 's !!!!
 Why do they still do it ? Colourize movies that is . I remembered this movie from my childhood days and loved it ever since . Occasionally seeing it on TV still gives me pleasure . I bought the DVD and only after getting it home I found out it has been colourized . It went back to the store for a refund immediately mainly for that reason . Another minor reason , it is not widescreen . Poor judgement on Disney 's part . I refuse to buy anything colourized . What would you do if they colourized `` It 's a Wonderful Life or High Noon or Psycho '' Would you watch it ? No one in their right mind would .
 I hate colorization . This film is the poster child for not colorizing . Not only should it have been kept original , for all the reasons others have mentioned , but the person who did this should be let go . This has to be the worst colorization -LRB- destruction -RRB- of a wonderful classic film I have ever witnessed . Try Try again . Only this time dont mess with perfection . If it aint broke , PLEASE DONT FIX IT .
 I agree whole heartedly with the other reviewers . This movie is a minor classic for the Disney Studios and they treat it like this ? Why would you bother to colourize this movie ... it is a B&W ; movie ... keep it is such . Please scrap this release and re-do it . A suggestion is a double DVD package with both this movie and its sequel , Son of Flubber . Each DVD should have some archive extras as well as a newly produced retrospective look back at these movies . How about including Donald Duck 's `` Modern Inventions '' short ? Disney did brilliant work with , Old Yeller , Pollyanna , The Parent Trap and Swiss Family Robinson DVD releases ... but treats this movie in such a second rate manor?The live Disney pictures are adored by millions around the world . The DVD releases of these movies should be given the greatest respect when it comes to packaging ... and pleeeeease ... no more colourization .
 A classic movie completely ruined on DVD . Thanks for nothing , please try again and try and preserve the movie the way it was .
 The screen makes me give it at least one star . This does not even deserve that.Waste of time and money . Why ? This film was shot in 1.75:1 -LRB- widescreen -RRB- . Please show it in that . This film was an Academy Award Nominee -LRB- 1962 -RRB- -- Best Art Direction , Set Decoration , Black and White -- Carroll Clark , Hal Gausman , Emile Kuri . Why colorize an Oscar Nominee ? Try again Mike . Do it the way Walt would have wanted it .
 I was very excited about purchasing this DVD until I read that it was colorized and `` pan and scan '' -LRB- i.e. , not the original theatrical aspect ratio -RRB- . Disney must think its customers are eight year olds.Be forwarned
 Why do they still do it ? Colorize movies that is . I remembered this movie from my childhood days and loved it ever since . Occasionally seeing it on TV still gives me pleasure . I bought the DVD and only after getting it home I found out it has been colourized . It went back to the store for a refund immediately mainly for that reason . Another minor reason it is not widescreen . Poor judgement on Disney 's part . I refuse to buy anything colourized . What would you do if they colourized `` It 's a Wonderful Life or High Noon or Psycho '' Would you watch it ? No one in their right mind would .
 When I started watching this movie I was struck by the number of people who had beautiful blue eyes and then I realized it was n't real . There really are n't that many people with beautiful blue eyes without being colorized . This film won a academy award for black and white cinematography . Oh well , it 's been colorized now . It 's a shame .
 This DVD , along with the other Disney releases this month , -LRB- Moon Spinners , Apple Dumpling Gang Rides Again , Computer Wore Tennis Shoes , etc. -RRB- is only being released in fullscreen , * not * anamorphic widescreen ...
 DVD QUALITY
 I can not keep my silence on this film . This is a stunning example how good directors -LRB- and a good bunch of superb actors in here ! -RRB- fall prey to bad writers . Who in the world wrote this script ? We know , it 's Steven Knight , by the way , but how did this thing get filmed ? The complete lack of authenticity is practically a trademark of this movie , both psychologically and ethnographically . Why the lead female -LRB- Naomi Watts character -RRB- so naive , not to say stupid ? What is the problem with Cassell 's guy - a closet gay with Edipus complex ? So , why such an erratic and crazy behavior ? What 's wrong with his father , how did he stay in business for so long , being such a moron ? What is this overblown fantasy on prison tattoos and stuff ? None of this has any rational , or , in fact , any explanation . Finally , where did they find these Russians ? They are meek caricatures on Italo-American mobsters , and awfully non-believable . And as of far-seeing secret FSB agents - give me a break ! It has Ian Fleming SMERSH paranoia written all over it . All this nonsense is filmed beautifully , though , and there is one really good scene in the baths - the two clothed on one naked fight . I 'll give it two stars for that .
 David Cronenberg is without a doubt one of the most unusual directors out there . He makes films that are usually dripping with quality , yet his films are rarely embraced because he has a tenancy to keep the audience at a distance , giving the impression that you are an outside observer as opposed to identifying with the characters . Cronenbergs previous film `` A History of Violence '' broke this rule and gave audiences characters to like and relate to . `` Eastern Promises '' however returns to the former style of giving us a well made film that does n't let us embrace it . The revolves around a Russian born woman named Anna Khitrova , who works as a nurse in one of London 's most prestige hospitals . One night a pregnant teenager dies on the operating table , bleeding to death but not before giving birth to a baby girl.Anna raids the woman 's nurse to find no identification , but only a diary written in Russian , which she can not read . She seeks a translation from a Russian chef named Semyon -LRB- Armin Mueller-Sthal -RRB- , who translates the diary but has reservations about the contents . It turns out the diary revels disturbing information about Semyon , who is actually a big time mob boss for the Vory V Zakone , and he has reservations about some unflattering information that turns up in the diary . He sends one of his henchmen , Nikolai Luzhin , a violent man who has various tattoos all over his body , to keep an eye on her . This is business as usual for Nikolai , but a conflict comes when the notorious killer fears he might be having feelings for Anna . On one hand , he is more kind to her then he needs to be.On the other hand , there is a point where he brutally beats and kills two mobsters in a public bath -LRB- in his birthday suit none-the-less -RRB- . This is all great stuff , and on paper it makes this sound like a potential Best Picture nominee . The problem is the movie is strangely cold and distant , to the point where we watch the movie with a yearning to be more involved in it then we really are . Let 's take the bathroom fight I mentioned earlier . It makes sense to talk about this scene since it 's the scene that leaves the biggest impression on you when you leave the theater . The fight is brutal . Bloody , violent , with bones snapping , teeth gnashing , shin being cut up . It 's difficult to watch , yet there is a craft and skill behind this scene that we 've never really seen before in -LRB- what is essentially -RRB- a street brawl before.I feel this scene will be looked back on as a milestone in film making , as it shows the skill Cronenberg has a director . Yet the problem comes after the fight , where everyone is sort of neutral about the fight . They know what happens , but we do n't really get to see them react to the fight . The characters have time to switch between speaking English and Russian throughout the film , but they do n't seem to really react to any major events in this film . This puts the minor moments in a bit of a strange place because they too feel soulless , giving you the impression that you are nothing more then ... yep , you guessed it
 It is always an uphill battle to criticize a great filmmaker like David Cronenberg -LRB- A History of Violence , Dead Ringers -RRB- . Especially when he has two of the brightest actors around in Viggo Mortensen and Naomi Watts to work with . But somehow Eastern Promises managed to be a disappointment for me and I 'm quite sure my negative opinion of it will not be popular , so I will defend it as effectively as I can . First though , let me provide a brief overview.Anna Khitrova -LRB- Naomi Watts -RRB- works at a hospital in London . She oversees the death of a pregnant 14 year old Russian girl . The child survives and Anna is left with the girl 's diary . It leads her to a restaurant owned by Semyon -LRB- Armin Mueller-Stahl -RRB- , a Russian crime boss . Anna wants to track down this girl 's family so she can find a safe place for the baby that survived . Anna 's uncle helps to translate the diary and they discover some key secrets regarding Semyon and his son Kirill 's -LRB- Vincent Cassel -RRB- crimes against the baby 's dead mother . Kirill 's sidekick is Nikolai Luzhin -LRB- Viggo Mortensen -RRB- . Nikolai is enigmatic and cold but his potential has him rising quickly in rank for protecting the often irresponsible Kirill . Obviously there are some key plot points that are better left unrevealed.The twists in Eastern Promises have been praised but really , place the film in New Jersey and make the gangsters Italian-Americans and sorpresa ! , a predictable and formulaic mafia film . Although , the twists are certainly worth keeping secret and many viewers will probably find them to be enjoyable , they did n't work for me . I did n't predict them outright but it was n't difficult to see the intentions that undermined each character and a twist seemed inevitable throughout . I actually felt a twist or two looming over the film the whole time . I also thought the major twist in the film 's climax to be unconvincing altogether after it happened . And it was n't just the twists that seemed like an ethnic proud mafia film all over again . The different cultural things Russian gangsters hold dear was no doubt an education to some but I was only a little interested and there is a scene at the restaurant were Semyon is enjoying some live music that was just too reminiscent of the tired clich&eacute;s repeatedly borrowed over the years fromThe Godfatherand other such films.As far as the performances go , Viggo is great and so is his accent . Naomi Watts has never been bad in anything she has done , even when she wasJet Girl . I thought the remaining supporting cast was absolutely disposable despite what many others have said , and unfortunately I include Vincent Cassel here , who I really like . On a positive note , Cronenberg 's pacing is strong and he once again enlists his favorite cinematographer , the incredibly talented Peter Suschitzky , to help the film look great.Now , about the controversial naked Viggo fight scene . Cronenberg definitely wanted this scene to stand out and it does , but perhaps for the wrong reasons . Of course there is a double standard and that is almost forgivable , but if it were Naomi Watts in the naked fight scene the film would unquestionably have gained an NC-17 rating and earned a hardcore exploitation label right down there with the likes ofIlsa the She-Wolf Warden of the SS . I 'm probably guilty of adhering to the double standard too as the film might have received a higher rating for that . Not to knock the authenticity of the fight scene though , it was certainly compelling and original . I wo n't forget it for some time , that 's for sure . All in all , I 'm taking the high road from the status quo here . Eastern Promises did not work for me but it certainly may for some .
 This movie could have been better if there were subtitles for the Russian spoken . There are a multitude of scenes , some seemingly quite important to the movie , that the viewer has NO idea what they are saying . There is ALOT of Russian spoken in this movie . I was very diasspointed in this movie . The Russian characters were hard enough to understand when they spoke english .
 This movie was okay . Viggo Mortensen was fantastic as usual , but mis - / under-utilized . Without his performance , this would essentially have been a `` Jason Statham '' action movie . There were a number of cringe-worthy dialogue moments , as well as general heavy-handedness ; the music in scenes telling you `` this is an important scene , '' for example . This was a decidedly NOT deep movie , which was too bad since it seemed to think it was . History of Violence was a much much better movie , though it seems not so much due to Cronenberg . This one reminds me of the final showdown scene in HOV -LRB- the worst , most dumb action movie part of the movie - `` brohim '' indeed ! -RRB- but for a whole film . I enjoy good action scenes , and there were one or two in this one , but that is about all there was to it . It was mercifully short .
 I saw this in the movie theatre , based on the rave reviews . Maybe it caught me on a bad night , but I found it to be an ugly , squalid movie about a bunch of repulsive people . What is the appeal ? Obviously , audiences did n't cotton to it , as it bombed at the box office.Storywise , for a film that purports to `` realism , '' it stretched credibility . We 're supposed to believe that Naomi Watts ' character , an ordinary , everyday midwife , gets in cahoots with Russian mobsters . Viggo Mortensen is an excellent actor , and he certainly is a riveting presence , but the charged , charismatic appeal he displayed in `` A History of Violence , '' was only allowed to erupt briefly in the memorable bath house sequence.The dialogue , spoken in low , accented murmurs , was impenetrable . There are awful attempts at both overt and black humor.Most of all , though , this movie attempts to portray slimeballs as something fascinating ; there 's not even anything thrilling or artistically satisfying to compensate . A thoroughly depressing , grimy piece of filmmaking .
 Alright , I originally saw the previews for this movie while watching another movie in the theater ... `` Eastern Promises '' plot/storyline sounded intriguing to say the least.I recently saw this movie on dvd rental and it was awful !! It is slow , incredibly , heart-wrenchingly slooooow to watch !! Several times I wanted to stop this movie and just return it . I kept watching `` Eastern Promises '' as I figured it must have a good ending but it did n't . There were lots of loose ends that were n't adequately answered at the end of the movie . Lots of themes/topics were superficially touched upon , but never quite explored in the kind of detail that could have made this a movie an all around great one.Naomi Watts & Viggo Mortensen were the only shining stars in this movie as their acting was the best part of the entire film .
 This film while having a good story and cast is really hard to follow . The thick accent and mumbling of characters had me straining and backing my TiVo up too many times ! I also felt that some scenes were excruciatingly long and slow ! I almost wanted to fast forward , which is never a good sign . This has got to be one of Cronenberg 's worst films ! Some viewers may like it more than I did , I will never sit through this a second time .
 I found this movie to be dragging really slowly for most of the time ; example of project that could 've been made into a decent movie , but failed . I guess that most of the production budget went towards paying 2 well-known actors , leaving nearly nothing for the rest of the movie . Most scenes alternate between inside of the restaurant owned by mob boss , at the curbside outside of the restaurant -LRB- where Naomi Watts parks her Ural bike - look at that amazing detail -RRB- , on the stairs to this restaurant , and by the entrance door of the same restaurant . There was some pretty bad acting - KGB uncle for instance , but others too , and even the bad boy Kirrill did n't seem to be very convincing - maybe because being constantly drunk , but still . . Viggo Mortensen 's reasonably decent acting could n't save the movie unfortunately.I 'm finding this movie quite disappointing - the characters were too shallow , the Russian accented english sounded dumb overall , and although the director managed to put some graphical violence into the movie -LRB- apparently to spice it up -RRB- it still did n't interrupt the very tired feel of this picture . If I had n't paid $ 4.99 for this on pay-par-view , I probably switched channel after the first 60 minutes.I 'm giving this 2 stars in order to offset the flood of 4 and 5 star ratings .
 not at all what you think its going to be about . not a thriller .
 I loved History of Violence so , this movie looked intriguing from the comercials . It ended up being a drawn out and boring movie punctuated by graphic violence WITH NO RESOLUTION . You 'll spend 90 minutes following a mildly interesting story -LRB- centering around a pregnant 14 year old that you do n't really find out enough about to care about -RRB- only to have the credits start rolling just when you should be starting to find something out or getting some resolution ... -LRB- ala the Soprano 's ending -RRB- . The touts of a historic fight scene are n't because the fighting is something that we have n't seen before but , because Viggo Mortensen is naked for the entire scene , flopping around during intermittent punches , cuts , and stabbings ... I think the full frontal male nudity from an `` A-list '' star is what is being called historic here.Sat here for 2 hours following this story and do n't get the results from the DNA testing and do n't get to see if/how the Russian father is overthrown ? Why did I waste my time ? The best part of the story is missing ... If you must see it , rent it .
 This movie is not as suspenseful and thrilling as `` A History of Violence '' . Viggo Mortensen 's acting is good but he ca n't save the film . It 's worth seeing for curiosity .
 A few gaping holes in the plot that a semi-truck could drive through -LRB- like moronically leaving the baby alone so the bad guy could abscond off with it near the end -RRB- . And beware the fight scene in the shower
 This movie was very disappointing . The resuscitation scenes initially are completely unrealistic - how many doctors wipe blood-stained hands across their brows ? Who does n't get a blood transfusion , an i.v. or at least fluids going ? Naomi Watts ' character is one-dimensional and striking for her stupidity . Someone with her background -LRB- father who would have escaped the USSR in the Cold War ; a canny Russian uncle -RRB- would have grown up on stories of the KGB , the Russian mafia and be more aware of the duplicitous natures of some of her fellow countrymen . In fact , many ` exiles ' worked as spies and reported on their communities in exile during the Cold War . I was utterly incredulous . The mother was equally stupid . Naomi 's character displays neither particular intelligence nor bravery and the ending is absolute trash - one can not just take a baby home from work to look after it !!! What about the fostering process and the mother 's identity ? Why Viggo 's character is working as he does and for whom is also a complete mystery . Kiril 's breakdown with the baby in his lap is also utterly unbelievable and not to type.The fight sequence in the baths is well-choreographed , but once again , why would a severely wounded man crawl over the top of an undead assailant ? The cut throat of the epileptic and retarded nephew of Azim is like something out of Hammer Horror and would have been better off in Kill Bill , where at least our howls of laughter would have been appropriate.A complete waste of time and particularly unintelligent . A real disappointment.The stuff about the tattoos was interesting , but you can read about that elsewhere ...
 I am very disappointed . The actors give it their best but how could you possibly save an ill-constructed story line ????? It looks as if David Cronenberg wanted different kind of scenes -LRB- violence , sex etc. . . -RRB- and sort of patched them up together . I felt bad for Vincent Cassel , his script was soooo silly . The story is filled with loopholes . One more thing
 I was kinda bored . Expected more fights . The fights that were there were good . Should have more fights and better ending .
 I purchased a DVD from the seller and when I opened the package there was a sticky tag on one side of the DVD and upon removal it ruined the disk . It was obviously repackaged . It was only $ 5 but when you can only use it as a coaster , it 's $ 5 too much .
 This review of Eastern Promises will be short and sweet -LRB- sorta -RRB- . With critically acclaimed reviews and high high expectations , this movie was by far the BIGGEST disappointment of any movie I have seen in the last year -LRB- besides Michael Clayton , sorry George , wrong script to choose -RRB- . I am a fan of Viggo Mortensen and think he is a great actor , but not only was his character somewhat dull but he barely said anything throughout the movie . I know , that 's a small issue . The big issue at hand is the how ridiculously slow this movie moved . My husband and I are movie fanatics and were bored to death watching this movie . Also in many reviews people said the ending was a crazy twist and a huge surprise . Well , I will compare the movie to a wilting rose , it got worse and worse as the movie went on . If you are down with watching a movie that will bore you to tears and make you want to hurt yourself while watching the film , be my guest . But , if you would rather spend your time doing something worthwhile , PLEASE HEED MY WORDS AND WATCH ANOTHER MOVIE THAT HAS A POINT , A WELL WRITTEN PLOT , GOOD CINEMATOGRAPHY , MUSIC , ACTING , ETC. . . -LRB- TRY PAN 'S LABYRINTH AND LET GUILLERMO DEL TORO TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY WITH A PURE MASTERPIECE -RRB-
 Apart from Viggo Mortensen , this movie is a waste of time . If they had acted it just a bit more over the top , it would have been a fine dark comedy . As it is , it 's just dull and unrealistic . The violence is graphic and lurid , but does n't add much to theme or plot . I felt it was gratuitous . If you want to see a much better movie about Russian mob life , try either `` Brat '' -LRB- Brother -RRB- , `` Brat II '' , or `` Friend of the Deceased '' -LRB- Ukrainian film -RRB- . These three films have a lot more to say about life in the criminal trades , and just being human , than `` Eastern Promises '' . Most of the plot line is just totally unrealistic .
 This is a gangster thriller film ? I can not believe how disappointed I was in this film . There are so many ways how this movie could have been improved , but somehow it looks as though improvements were never looked for , at all ... To me , this is like making a presentation at work using rough drafts prepared an hour before , or handing in a rough draft to a professor in college , etc.Some reviewers said the film is too violent . I disagree . It 's not overly or underly violent . Violence to me does not make or break a movie . The boring , slow moving , uninteresting plot is what ruins a movie . This movie is not too long to begin with -LRB- roughly an hour and 40 minutes -RRB- but it still very possible of being cut to probably an hour . This is how sad this movie is . I regret purchasing it . If you like any of the classic mob films , or even newer crime films like the departed , dont watch this junk . Forget about mentioning classic mob films in a review of this movie . I take mentioning classics back.I will say Viggo does a good job in this movie . Perhaps he is the only thing good about this film . That surely does not make the movie any good , however .
 Save your money & wait for this on a movie channel . The ending is a real non-ending . There is some good action in a public bacth .
 In fact the Cronenberg 's new work is just amazing . Actually , he 's one of the most important filmakers ever.Mortessen perform a incredible , perfect work . I guess I was clear , the movie is great.The BIG problem here is that this combo edition -LRB- HD DVD & standard DVD -RRB- deliver a horrible idea
 `` critcha of destru . '' - lousy movie , shecreature-much better . good things-the 1st half of song played by a band was cool . the critcha showed up only ` bout 4x 's and didnt do much and got its suit damaged since it had been reused in other of lare buchanan 's films . i didnt see the other movie and the xtra was just ok-different-rarely seen . not a fun set to get . and too xpensive . rt. now for 12 $ total ? - a total loss .
 As an episode of American Justice with Bill Curtis on TV , this would have proven very good.After all , one of the worst things any of us can imagine is being wrongly imprisoned for something we really did not do.Documentaries that make us aware of this problem and how to improve accuracy of convictions with new technology is a good service.So why was this bad as a movie ? Perhaps it is our knowledge of the activism that people like Susan Sarandon and Danny Glover are often involved in that makes this feel less like a serious portrayal of these stories and more like the audience is being preached at.As an episode of Bill Curtis - American Justice , it would have been good.As a movie staged to look and feel like the stage play it was based on , this simply did not work as a movie .
 Pure talking heads here . Several wrongly convicted ex-cons , played by actors , tell their stories of woe . You 've heard it all before . This is a stage play adaptation that 's more play than movie . Maybe the play worked better . This got on my nerves .
 Anyone can tell these people 's stories . I would be pissed if I have to pay to see this movie in the threater .
 I ordered this DVD and what came was a different DVD in the Exonerated box . I have written lwtters and returned it -- never heard back and never got the DVD .
 This HAS to be one of the BORINGEST if not The Most Boring movie i 've EVER seen !!! Guess i could tag it A Waste Of Time ?
 This series is well crafted with interesting and intricate plots and a wonderful mix of believable characters balanced with a dash of humor -LRB- `` Bones ' '' comment `` I do n't understand what that means '' for the simplest of everyday factoids can be funny and in a way very sad -RRB- . All the elements of a great show are there
 I was very excited about receiving Season Three of Bones in the mail , as I love the show . I even woke up early the day after it arrived so I would have time to watch a few episodes . But what do I find upon opening the case ? All of the Season Two DVDs in the box for Season Three . I 'm very upset about this and I will be returning the wrong product for a replacement of the RIGHT DVDs .
 This show does not improve with age , acting is staged and unimginative . Will not be interested in buying any more .
 I 'm not falling for it . Do you really think rabid fans want to fill up their Tivos with these downloads ? Where 's the DVD 's ?
 I love what I can watch , but part of the series -LRB- parts of discs 1 and 3 seem to be edfective - they wo n't play for me .
 There a total of 6 disc with up to 4 shows per disc and on at least 6 shows are digitally messed up . Which prevents the viewing of up to 3 episodes and cuts in half 3 other episodes . You get to watch the first half of 3 episodes on 3 different disc 's leaving you with no ending . I 'm very dissappointed only mess up to every happen to me through amazon .
 While the stand-alone episodes of `` Bones '' remain entertaining and true to their conceptual formula , the writers and directors of this series have never been able to pull off significant shifts in character development or extended plot lines without `` jumping the shark . '' Season 3 's `` Gormagon '' killer episodes -LRB- including the season finale -RRB- make up some of the most disappointing television I 've seen in some time . It 's amazing how this program can swoop from such excellent highs to such interest crushing lows . Overall , for the feeling left in one 's stomach after swallowing season three as whole , it 's not worth the money .
 I used to love Bones . REALLY loved it . The main characters have great chemistry , as does the entire cast , and it adds greatly to the show , making it a refreshing change from the other rather serious homicide investigation shows . The characters were really what made the show for me , and I was sure it was the one show that would never play the ` shock the audience by killing off a main character ' game . But the finale 's treatment of one of the show 's most beloved characters , Zack , totally ruined the series for me . Zack was one of the Bones family , and they chose to turn his character into a murderer , suckered into commiting that crime because this formerly labeled genius was suddenly too weak-minded to not fall for a cannibal mastermind 's plan . Yeah , that 's why I watch TV - to see the characters I love turn into the punchline of a teenage horror flick , all for shock value . I ca n't even watch seasons one and two because every time I see Zack 's character on the screen , it reminds me of the ridiculous fate the writers created for him .
 Season 3 is easily this show 's weakest season ... and the writer 's strike is no excuse for it if you ask me , considering all my other favorite shows that were affected by the strike still managed to complete their seasons with little to no problems whatsoever . Each of them at the same top quality as before , the writing and storylines never seemed to suffer , whereas Bones dropped in quality severely.We get plenty of Bones/Booth fluff , which I love , but all the other characters get shafted in favor of it . The cases are , as usual for the show , often predictable and unbelievable , but the character interactions -LRB- even though Angela , Hodgins , Zack , and Cam do n't get that much screen time in comparison to Booth/Bones -RRB- make up for it.The season finale was a slap in the face to many fans -LRB- myself included -RRB- , and I have very seriously considered dumping the show because of it.It was sloppy , made no sense in the end , and seemed to simply be pulled out of the writer 's rear ends rather than carefully plotted out . I spent the final 15 minutes of the episode shaking my head in disbelief and fury as it all played out on my TV screen , and was fuming over what happened for a good week or two after the episode aired.I 'm still furious over the finale as I type up this review.However , my curiosity for how the shocking finale will be addressed in season 4 -LRB- as well as my love for the characters -RRB- is persuading me to try and give the new season a try when it premiers in August -LRB- as is rumored -RRB- . But I 'm not holding my breath ; since it 's clear to me that the writers do n't really give a hoot.If you have n't seen the season yet , then be prepared for disappointment and anger to engulf you by the end of your DVD viewing .
 Season three has several CDs to the set . One of the CDs is defective and can not be viewed . Very disappointing . Will think twice before I order any more of these items .
 Given the attrocious writing that ruined Bones ' Season 3 for me , the only thing that makes sense is that we had a bunched of pissed off writers before the strike and the same group of pissed off writers who obviously did n't get what they wanted as a result of the strike . I just wish that they had n't taken their anger and frustration out in destroying all of the good work they did in Season 1 and 2 .
 The Da Vinci Treasure is an awful , horrible , badly made attempted rip-off of a film ... That anyone would bank-roll this dud boggles the mind . . C.Thomas Howell , looking like he is suffering from some wasting illness , plays the lead , an adventurer seeking a `` Di Medici `` treasure trove alledgedly to be found following `` hints `` and `` clues `` to be found in items associated with Leonardo Da Vinci . . Any similarity with the more popular `` Da Vinci Code '' book and film ends here . . Instead one gets tongue-in-cheek jokes being told by Howell and the busty female lead while simultaneously they are being shot at , or otherwise menaced , usually by the rather over-the-top arch-villian , played by Lance Hendriksen . . There is no real rhyme or reason to anything that goes on in this movie ... The Shroud of Turin is stolen , a cardinal is shot , several chase scenes occur in Italy during rush hour , complete with AK47 gunfire , a secret chamber is found in Afganistan , ect ... None of these sequences really add to the flimsy plotline , but do take up time ... Without these elements this badly scripted story would probably clock in at about fifteen minutes from start to finish ... Truly a grade `` Z '' production , made probably so that someone with bucks could claim a major tax write-off rather than as entertainment .
 Lance Henriksen ca n't sink much lower than this pitiful attempt to cash in on THE DA VINCI CODE.What 's wrong with this snoozefest ? EVERYTHING !!! * Horrible direction -- from the endless use of ineffectual freeze frames to the red-draped camera work . * Laughable acting . C Thomas Howell is not Harrison Ford . He 's not even Casper van Dien ! * Some of the worst action sequences on film . * Does anyone care how tall characters are ? * The movie was filmed at private residences in Southern California , not London , Milan or Afghanistan !! Do n't waste your time -- it 's too valuable .
 ... to know the good . Once in a great while you have to watch something like this in order to confirm to yourself that you can still tell the difference between the good , bad and ugly . You do n't have to know why something is one or the other as long as you `` know '' . And I `` know '' this is bad , really bad . To be honest , I liked the first minute . I was in London several years ago and stayed at the Tower Hotel so it was nicely nostalgic to see the bridge and surrounding area . It was steeply downhill from there . Since this is supposed to be an action tale why does the director -LRB- or editor ? -RRB- insist on inserting freeze-frames in every single such scene ? Are they expecting their audience to doze off for a second or two and are considerately allowing them to not miss anything . They must expect them to nod-off somewhere between two and three hundred times . And what about the freezes during the non - `` action '' scenes . Are these so important to the storyline that they must be emphasized ? Let 's see
 `` critcha of destru . '' - lousy movie , shecreature-much better . good things-the 1st half of song played by a band was cool . the critcha showed up only ` bout 4x 's and didnt do much and got its suit damaged since it had been reused in other of lare buchanan 's films . i didnt see the other movie and the xtra was just ok-different-rarely seen . not a fun set to get . and too xpensive . rt. now for 12 $ total ? - a total loss .
 The DVD would n't play even after updating my player only one of the four DVD , s would play . The DVD has been returned .
 Though this product states that it plays in all regions , it does not . Play it in an Australian bluray player , and it will tell you that there is a regional mismatch . I repeat
 And it 's just okay by the thinnest of hairs . Do n't bother watching this series unless you already have no life and no promise of ever having a life . And they actually paid someone to star and act in this drivel ? I 'm just saying . .
 This will be the second time I will return this item . All three DVDs were blank . Nothing on the disc . I will not order this item again .
 I live in Europe and I just spend more than $ 100 -LRB- including customs -RRB- on the Breaking Bad seasons 1 , 2 and 3 . Unfortunately I ca n't play them . However , this information is nowhere to be found . Not on Amazon , not on the box , not on the internet-database . The only way to find out is after spending a lot of money and putting the disc in the player . You get a screen which says to look on the box for more information . However , there is no information to be found anywhere . Supposedly Sony recently started to make their discs region locked without warning .
 I revised my review because some cry baby thought that I revealed too much , which I do n't believe is true but to placate his feelings I 've added SPOILER ALERTS Maybe he is partaking of some of the product that Walt manufactures.SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERTI loved the first season of this show . The premise sounded so improbable - a 50 year old high school chemistry teacher with a pregnant wife and a teenage son with cerebral palsy is diagnosed with lung cancer . He goes on a ride along with his DEA agent brother in law and sees an old student fleeing the house where the meth is being cooked . He sees the huge amounts of money to make in the meth trade . Since he 's uninsured he decides to go into the meth business - he 'll be the cook and his ex-student the dealer . Most meth dealers are not the kind of people you want to spend time with or even think about , but Brain Crandon -LRB- sp ? -RRB- makes the protagonist sympathetic - an every man who has been screwed by life . Even the street dealer is someone you identify with , a young man who is a big disappointment to his family and trying to prove himself , albeit in a criminal enterprise . The chemistry between them is great , and they have many laugh out loud funny scenes . The whole cast is excellent.Season 2 started out in the same general vein , but towards the end veered off into something really disturbing and depressing . If the writers were trying to be more realistic about the ravages of meth on the customers , and the ruthlessness of the dealers , they succeeded . Walter White , the main character becomes ruthless to the point of cruelty even to his own son -LRB- getting him drunk at a family party celebrating his cancer going into remission -RRB- and trying to pick a fight his brother in law , who has been nothing but good to him . It get even worse , with a really neat character dying of an overdose . That 's where I stopped watching .
 I dunno what show you people are reviewing , but it is obviously Season 1 -LRB- brilliant masterpiece -RRB- , and not Season 2 -LRB- tepid cliche -RRB- of `` Breaking Bad . `` The character development , dark humor , nail-biting suspense , and ingenious plot devices ... all gone , replaced by an endless segue from `` soap drama moment to soap drama moment . '' Look at the actors , they - know - it 's dreck they are phoning in . Tell me you ca n't see it in almost every scene.Completely extraneous subplots are introduced -LRB- Skyler 's work flirtation , ill-fated romance between Jesse and `` OD waiting to happen '' girl -RRB- that add - nothing - to the basic premises developed so well in Season 1 other than perhaps to appeal to the teenaged female vampire melodrama set . In fact , the gripping , absurdly believable `` dying chemistry teacher meth cook '' premise is all but back-burnered while we get to watch `` touching '' scenes of Sonograms , young flirtation and love , endless cancer conferences -LRB- yay ! feelgood moment ! -RRB- , and endlessly verbose hyper-dialogue drama moments one can almost hear an `` awww ! '' `` booo ! '' or `` tada ! '' after.To add insult to injury whoever wrote this mess decided that a highly coincidental plane crash needed to be added in as opposed to developing the very solid core concepts Season 1 was laden with . They could have put this show on auto-pilot by continuing awesome themes from Season 1 -LRB- boorishness of the bro in law , kleptomania of the sis in law , interaction with students in class v meth cook , ballsy use of dark side MacGuyver type tech to screw a-holes over ... all interesting and smart , all tossed away inexplicably in favor of pure formulaic dreck -RRB- . Instead they neutered a masterpiece and drained every loving ounce of testosterone out of the show . Do n't be fooled by viral marketing shills posting `` objective '' reviews here , three stars is a stretch for this tedious snooze , I gave it two because it is so very obvious that many of the fives are shall we say `` bought and sold . ''
 I have watch this on tv so know thatthe content is good but ... Amazon needs to be better about -LRB- start ? -RRB- stating whether a disc is region locked or not . I buy dvds/bluray discs for viewing in USA and Europe . This one does not work in Europe .
 I like the show , but amazon 's streaming is so abysmally slow it makes the show unwatchable . Too bad . I paid good money to waste my time .
 I feel kinda bad giving this a one-star review as I feel the first series was compelling and superbly-crafted -LRB- especially the first three or four episodes -RRB- , but the bottom line is I could n't get through more than about half of the second season
 Not sure why I watched it . The story line is very unbelievable . I ca n't say if acting is any better .
 It really is to sexual and i just scanned a few the episodes not something I would spend time on .
 I was thrilled by the first season 's creative and compelling representation of characters . The opening titles , music , dramatizations , editing , as well as , subtle humor of the first season , was an artful and poignant display of life to which many people , regardless of sexual orientation , could relate.I was immediately disappointed by the second season , however , as it quickly dissolved a great work of art and turned it into cheap pulp.I hope that the third and fourth season does n't make the same mistake .
 Who does n't like hot lesbians ? ... but only the LGBT community really appreciates the `` issues & challenges '' in this series , so ... no universal , long term appeal . This is just another niche series for a niche audience . Years from now , it will be forgotten .
 Save your $ . Season 1 is way better than Season 2 . Buy Season 1 instead if you have n't done so .
 I have not watched the first season . According to some of the reviews I 've read at other sites , the first season was good . I shall see . This review is strictly based on episodes from the second season.Here 's some background about me . I am a single straight male in his 40 's . I live and work in the SF Bay Area . I have known and know lesbians as coworkers , acquaintances , and neighbors . Similar to any minority group , lesbians come in all kinds ; smart & stupid , ambitious and lazy , tall and short , skinny and fat , polite and rude ; you get the picture . Like a good portion of the straight male population , I love gal-on-gal action . After having read and heard many good reviews on this series , I decided to watch a few episodes ; good stories and steamy scenes , I thought.This series is absolutely horrible . The plot is , well , boring . Seems everything leads up to sex in some public place ; restroom , vestibule of a church , sound room of a studio , behind bushes along a jogging trail -LRB- well , it almost happened -RRB- . They f each other `` ring around the rosy '' style ; one after another . At any given time , every character has the hots for someone . If you wish to waste time actually thinking about the plot , you 'd realize that everything every -LRB- lesbian -RRB- character does is so she could f someone . None of the -LRB- lesbian -RRB- characters has any redeeming values . They only show kindness so that in case they need to hook up with that person later.A person in Smalltown , USA , after watching episodes from the second season , would likely believe that all lesbians are sex-crazed , morally depraved -LRB- as in they 'd f any skirt ; best friend 's partner , stranger , potential business investor , teacher , student -RRB- , shallow , lacking completely in common sense , sailor-mouthed , scheming , with messed up psyche.If I were a lesbian , I 'd be furious to see lesbians portrayed this way .
 please , forgive me my bad english , because I 'm living in Germany.Maybe SEASON 1 was too brilliant , so that the expectations for SEASON 2 were too high . But after looking the first disc of SEASON 2 I was already confused if this was still THE L WORD.The Characters changed in a unexplainable way , the plot is sometimes is so boring that I found me grabbing my remote to play forward and the whole spirit was gone.I felt after every episode in SEASON 1 positive thoughts and the need to find out what 's next , but in SEASON 2 I asked myself why I wanted to see more.Nevertheless , I will finish the whole box , but I will also reduce the euphoric fans of L-WORD that this SEASON 2 is nothing compaired to SEASON 1The 3 stars are only for the actors and their try to save the show with their performances .
 I ordered this so that it would arrive before Valentine 's day . I checked the order date and everythign said it would arrive before , but of course it came after . When I opened the box , it was season ONE , not two . The return process has to be done online . I sent it back for what I ordered and paid for and never heard back from them . I tried to email follow up and never got a reply -LRB- yes , I checked the junk folder -RRB- . Lousy customer service , and all I wanted was an exchange .
 I really enjoyed the first season ... The second season sucked . Why ? The writing . The actors gave it their best shot but the writing turned this season into a horrible nightmare . People are giving this 5 stars and saying they loved it . I 'm still trying to figure out why . I LOVED the lesbian couple on QaF , but this season is a far cry from the brillance of Queer as Folk . *** minor spoilers *** Tina 's pregancy apparently made her IQ drop a hundred points to getting a crazy girlfriend when everyone knew she wanted Bette back . Bette 's tryst with another woman and wanting Tina back made her bitter , angry and depressed - the whole season.I understand that these are normal things that might happen but the writers took them to extremes that made me feel embarassed for them , and it 's just a show ! These two are the core of this show and when you split them the show just is n't the same.There 's Alice and Dana next ... Alice becomes a headcase with a side of paranoid overbearing girlfriend once she convinces Dana to leave her other girlfriend that I found I enjoyed a lot more than I did Alice in that roll and Dana was blindly ignorant to anything and everything as the season went on , she was n't pregnant but apparently the writers dropped her IQ as well . The two were wonderful the first season as best friends.Jenny ... more psycho than anything in the first season - and that 's saying something . She scares me.Shane was the same who actually gained some depth to her , I enjoyed her parts that 's why there 's one star.Kit was better in the first season because she lost a lot of her depth in the second season.All in all , I wonder if they can salvage the third season . Watch the first season with joy , take the second with a grain of salt , I would n't buy it - rent it .
 A lot of reviewers have given this boxed set 5 stars , which confuses me because it is undoubtedly a terrible , terrible show . And I 'm not some mad hatin ' reviewer - my colleagues at work are all of pretty much the same stance . The plot jumps are utterly preposterous , the storylines are for the most part dull , and the Jenny character is so awful that part of my pleasure in watching the show is derived from being presented with scenes which she 's not in.However - I have watched the entire season . Why ? Because Katherine Moennig is simply magnetic . Without her , I feel the show would literally be trash - a random assortment of unpleasant items that nobody wants . But with her , it gels -LRB- albeit to a tenuous degree -RRB- and , for me at least , I simply enjoy watching her.Watching the L-Word Season 2 feels like you 're watching Mighty Morphin Power Rangers - that it was once a show that had a completely different plot and for whatever reason it 's been pulled apart , completely re-edited and stuck back together in a vaguely coherent fashion . Moennig deserves much , much better than this ...
 The quality of the DVD is very bad . I is n't the original DVD !!!! I think it 's a bad copy . The sound is n't syncronised with the picture . The quality of the picture is very bad too.I ca n't rate this product correctly . I do n't send it back too cause it would cost me more than to keep it !
 I 've played 2 DVDs of second season.The sound and picture have fallen out of sync so many times I have to wonder if the dvd is a pirate version.If it were n't for the quality of the dvd the item would have 5 stars .
 Only the LGBT community really appreciates their `` issues & challenges '' . This is just another niche series for a niche audience . Years from now , it will be forgotten .
 What happened here ? Season 1 was funny , silly sexy and fun . People had problems but not , like , FOREVER ! We liked them and wanted to see them be happy , or at least be willling to try to be . Getting through an episode of Season 2 is liked swimming through mud . Characters behave in transparent , unmotivated and unamusing self destructive ways to an irritatingly `` trendy '' soundtrack . Like pod people all these women are becoming the same miserable lesbian with ever increasing homogeneity of hair and clothing styles . Every major character is unhappy in the same ways for each show . I have to admit , I rented this and am probably giving up after four hours that I 'll never get back . I already saw this happen to Six Feet Under so this time , I 'll cut my losses early . We all have the right to life liberty and the PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS . The writers of this show would do well to grant those rights to their characters instead of sticking pins in them just to watch them squirm . It seems sadistic - and not in the fun way - to the audience and the actors who , bless them , really TRY .
 This show went downhill in a hurry when it summarily dismissed its most interesting character , Marina . I watched the first season and was so intrigued with her . Then the first episode of the second season ... well , did they really think we would buy that this smart , sexy and intelligent woman would try to KILL herself over of all people . . the dysfunctional Jenny ? I got half-way through the second season and found myself bored . The L Word really messed up when the let go its only true woman in the the lot of girls . What a waste of a tremendous talent .
 The first season had me hooked . I needed to watch episode after episode and spent whole weekend afternoons doing so . Well then I was so happy to find the second season and jumped in with enthusiasm . That enthusiasm quickly took a dive into just plain boredom . By the last episode I ended up fast forwarding through most of it just looking for small glimpses of interest . These bothered me most : Jenny
 Do n't watch this show with your family . Very sick subject matter . Looks like the L 's deleted my last comment on here . Warning people that this show is sick is wrong now . WoW .
 Almost everyone who has reviewed this film gave it 5 stars , and the lowest it got from anyone was 4 . Well , too bad.This is a dreadful film.I laughed about 4 times during the whole thing . A lot of predictable , obvious , unclever slapstick , and awful lot of it really contrived or just stupid -LRB- I longed for death during the interminable scene where he goes round and round the dance floor carrying the tray -RRB- . But the worst part of all was the `` social commentary '' aspect . This film is pure luditism . In a nutshell , Chaplin could n't handle the fact that technology -- talkies -- was displacing him and his silent movie approach , and so he railed against all technology . NINE YEARS after talkies came in , he 's still stubbornly clinging to silents ; apparently these `` talking pictures '' are just a fad . It 's the most pathetic of crusades.Oh , and it 's not hard to see why people thought Chaplin was a communist . The character of the owner of the steel mill might as well have lept off the pages of Marx himself , he 's such a grotesque caricature of a capitalist , sitting around doing jigsaw puzzles , reading comics , and yelling at the proletariat to work faster.Happily , for the most part , the movie does n't maintain this virulently anti-capitalistic tone . But its attempt to capture the pathos of the depression is itself pathetic . When the factory reopens , Chaplin exclaims `` Work at last ! '' -- but the reality is that he 's already had THREE jobs during the movie , and he lost ALL of them through his own incompentence , not because of the depression . The great moral stance that this movie takes is that it glorifies bunglers and thieves.Let it not be said , though , that I found nothing good in the film . Chaplin 's stunt work -LRB- I assume that was actually him -RRB- in the blindfolded rollerskating scene is mindbogglingly good . Truely remarkable . I 'd gladly trade the whole rest of the film for just that scene .
 Before someone else has to learn the hard way , I wanted to point out that this is NOT the original theatrical release of Modern Times , but the hack-job edited version Chaplin put together later in his career to appeal to the resurgence crowd . It 's rather shameful that this is n't noted on the packaging . If that 's is the version you prefer , than you 'll be happy . The restoration is lovely , and most of the edited parts are available as bonus features . But for those who want to see this film as it was original released , it 's best to look elsewhere .
 The quality of the picture was poor . It was very fuzzy , and at times shadowy . The actual show itself is a great show . Ca n't wait for the next episode .
 My experience was poor because the video was out of sinc with voice , way off for two of the episodes . I switched to youtube and their were no tech . probs .
 It 's a shame you have to pay so much for decent quality like HD - Because the regular is terrible . It 's very grainy -LRB- not even cd quality -RRB- and I 'm used to blu-ray . My old VHS player gave better quality than what the reg quality is .
 First Kate had to die , Then Alex , Sarah and the Treasure seemed to fizzle , Neil 's Father search has been like taking a cold shower on a freezing day ... The taxi medalion and Cotton Club caper was the worst ever.I thing Neil , Peter , and Mozzie need a new batch of writers ... . things are getting BORING !
 The show keeps getting heavier and more depressing as the show keeps going . Sad I got sucked into it . Wish I had not bought this last season .
 In my first effort to purchase , I was angered by the fact that I purchased the entire 10 episodes and only received 9 of them . Not sure I would do this again .
 The show started out so good , but this episode was pretty low . I hope it picks up soon I do n't like the tension between Neal and Peter . Geez they 're has to be a little trust between those two .
 If you 're paying to catch up on the series might want to go to the next one , this is just filler no substance , and I think the next program will show you sufficiently what happened here in their one minute intro
 I hate myself , but whenever I get sick , I watch this show . It 's really very bad , and there is n't too much that makes it good . The characters are well dressed , but I do n't know what makes me keep watching it . The episodes are clones of each other , and if it were n't for the incredibly attractive people , I think that I would have never made it past Season 1 . When I watch this show , it just makes me hate myself and wish I were in better shape .
 I 've always enjoyed White Collar , as silly as it is , because of its stylish take on NYC . But in the last few episodes , it 's lost some of the features that anchor at least my interest . If anyone 's paying attention , then :1 . We do n't need a psychobabble back story for Mozzie2 . What happened to the women ? Elizabeth is sorely underused ; Diana is barely present ; Sara is nowhere to be seen . These roles are all played by fine actresses who bring humor , class , and pizzazz to what is otherwise a Hardy Boys story . Bring 'em back ! In fact , a few episodes where the boys are locked up somewhere and it 's up to the girls to rescue them would help a lot .3 . Is there a writers ' strike on ? The actors look embarrassed delivering some of that dialogue .
 I liked the previous seasons much better . The writing in Season 4 seemed to take a nose dive . It became formulaic and predictable .
 I guess the story here is pretty fair
 IF THIS IS A VIEW OF THE FUTURE IT IS A VERY TRIVIAL VIEW INDEED . JUST FOUL LANGUAGE AND SENSELESS , RANDOM MOCK VIOLENCE . IN A WORD , BORING!I LIKE SCI-FI BUT THIS IS JUST JUNK . WASTE OF TIME.JUST GOES TO SHOW , YOU CA N'T PUT TOO MUCH CREDENCE IN REVIEWS WRITTEN BY OTHERS . I must say , though , the kung fooey scene was really hilarious .
 very sophisticated but pretty much negative . a lot of futuristic tools for both the criminals and the law . title is based on the song &#34; 2525 &#34; . and can not follow the plot . sort of corny . the acting is so-so .
 I could n't watch it past 20 minutes because it was not what it appeared to be . I love Armageddon movies , but It was too depressing and not as well done as I expected .
 I would n't have given this a star . Had no choice . I have n't see a movie this bad since that Statham movie with the Chinese folks and the stolen heart
 I would have turned this off in 5 minutes if I had n't paid for it . As it is , I only made it thru halfway before turning on the TV with commercials that were better than this `` film ''
 This musical mix of murder and misadventures between rival crime gangs is agreeable and serviceable . And not very memorable . Frankie is n't acting -LRB- give Peter Falk that credit -RRB- , andit 's nice to see the Rat Pack teeming -LRB- or is that `` teaming '' ? -RRB- again . Even Der Bingle makes a welcome appearance . The highlight is as vulgar as it is mind-numbing
 I finally watched this movie over a friends house . He loved it . I thought it was trast . Plain and simple.I have never liked Frank Sinatra for personal reasons . -LRB- if i put them in my review , i 'm sure this wo n't be printed -RRB- Dean Martin and Sammy Davis i never really thought as movie stars but more like nightclub entertainers . I respect their work but like all the other Rat Pack movies , this one sucks also.To me , it was just a stupid movie that made no sense , has no value and does n't contribute anything to the movie musical . So i 'm sure i am the minority on this and i better not say anything except that if your looking for one of those block-buster musicals , this is NOT the film for you .
 I love this movie , I sleep with this movie . When I dream at night I dream of this movie , I want to make love to this movie . This movie is my life and soul.And if your feeling a bit hungry come down to Billy Bob 's Pizza for the best pizza in the west , if the pizza does n't satisfy you we will : -RRB-
 It 's a dumb movie , dumb story and I did n't think it was funny ! What 's going on with Sammy Davis 's eye ?
 The central idea of this movie is the activities a 1920 's Robin Hood and his band of gangsters . Unfortunately , even the Rat Pack can not save this movie . The script is slow , dated , and dull . Barbara Rush 's scenes are especially confusing . Her scenes almost seem to be part of a different movie . Nothing comes of her apparent interest in Sinatra or Martin which makes me wonder why they made the final cut . The main actors seemed to be bored , and with the exceptions of Bing Crosby and Peter Falk , walked through their performances . -LRB- Maybe they were hung over most of the time ? -RRB- Save your money and borrow it from your local library .
 `` Sarah Landon & the Paranormal Hour '' is a little Indie spook flick that just does n't deliver , well , not for adult audiences anyway . The story centers around Sarah Landon -LSB- Rissa Walters -RSB- who goes to Pine Valley , a small town in order to visit with the grandmother -LSB- Jane Harris -RSB- of a best friend that recently died . She soon finds out that there is a curse on the Baker family - David -LSB- Brian Comrie -RSB- is supposed to die on his 21st birthday and his executioner is supposed to be his uncle 's evil ghost . David 's brother Matt -LSB- Dan Comrie -RSB- is a cynic , but Sarah is intrigued and starts sleuthing around.To add more excitement -LSB- or is it confusion -RSB- there is a psychic -LSB- Sylvia Enrique -RSB- , and a young neighborhood kid.The good thing about this movie is that it does n't have any gore in it - and I guess if you 're really looking for a spooky movie to share with younger kids this Halloween , this might be appropriate - it definitely feels more like a spooky movie made for tweens than adults . However , be warned - the acting is one-dimensional and flat , the effects are really pathetic , and the dialogue and plot are trite . There 's actually a hint at a sequel , yikes !
 Hackneyed storytelling and insipid performances are the hallmarks of `` Sarah Landon and the Paranormal Hour , '' an amateur-hour supernatural thriller that has all the professionalism and polish of an F-earning junior high school film project.Sarah -LRB- Rissa Walters -RRB- is a 17-year-old girl who goes to stay with her recently deceased best friend 's grandmother in a small mountain town in California . The minute she arrives at the place , she 's plunged into a mind-numbing mystery story involving curses , avenging spirits , and a whole raft of poorly staged flashback sequences.The actors read their lines as if they 'd never performed for an audience before , either on stage or in front of a camera - which may indeed be the case with some of them - and Lisa Comrie demonstrates no more confidence or competence as a director than the performers do as actors . `` Paranormal Hour '' was the first in what was intended to be a series of mystery films with the Nancy Drew-like Sarah Landon character as the protagonist . Fortunately , given everything that it 's had to put up with lately , the world was at least spared that fate .
 If I could give this movie negative stars I would . At first it just seemed like a college film project gone wrong , but it quickly degenerated into something a middle school student would be embarrassed to have made .
 There have been better American Girl movies . This one seemed poorly written , poorly acted , poorly executed . The troubles in this movie seemed trite and ridiculous . Toulane getting so jealous over McKenna 's friendship with her tutor ? Toulane comes across as a spoiled brat and not much of a friend . Josie getting so angry that McKenna would rather keep her appointment to get her cast off than be at her horse riding ? How ridiculous . Also the whole incident with the skittish horses was over the top . This movie is very poorly done . If you want to see great movies based on an American Girl book -- check out `` Felicity '' and `` Samantha '' Those movies were well done . Unfortunately , the more they need to keep this American Girl franchise going -- the worse the books and movies get . You have to know a movie is poorly written when most of it is filled with music montages which do nothing to move the story line along . This movie has like 4 or 5 of them . This is just a poorly made movie . I would not waste my child 's time . I just hope the book is better than this movie .
 I 've seen a fair amount of criticism about how gymnastics are protrayed in this , and while I know nothing about that , I 'll side with the critics on that score , anyway . Why ? Because this is such a sloppily researched film in so many other ways that I 'm hardly inclined to give the writers or the producers the benefit of any doubt.The most glaring errors are regarding McKenna 's dyslexia -LRB- or what 's hinted at as dyslexia -RRB- , though the film here faithfully follows the book in that regard . I 'm mildly dyslexic , my daughter -LRB- and many family members -RRB- a bit more so . To begin , dyslexia is NOT somehting that you `` get over '' with tutoring -- unless your tutor is a highly trained professional in speciifc methods -LRB- like Orton-Gillingham -RRB- . I somehow doubt a middle school girl -LRB- Josie -RRB- would be.Nor do words fly all over the page -LRB- as portrayed in the film -RRB- that 's a much outdated , long disproven myth of dyslexia , as well , or do you read `` mirror images '' of htings . Dyslexia is simply that your mind works differently and processes things differently . You can overcome certain elements -LRB- I was always an excellent reader , after numerous challenges , my daughter now reads several years above grade level -RRB- -- but it 's more through developing coping strategies yourself , not just by `` working hard '' . In other aspects , you might never get over it -LRB- I still tie my shoes the `` baby way '' for example -RRB- . Ironically , McKenna 's athletic ability would 've formed the perfect example of dyslexia 's flip side -- frequently academic shortcomings -LRB- due not to intelligence , but language processing -RRB- are off set with creative , technical -LRB- many dyslexics find computers unlock everything for them -RRB- or athletic gifts.Also ridiculous ? That McKenna 's mom left her job as a bank executive and opened a coffee shop so she 'd have more family time -LRB- not to mention how she was always at home -RRB- . ANY small business owner will tell you how much MORE work being your own boss is . Let alone the type of business that is typically open from the early morning until the late evening . Even if Mrs. McKenna closed her business early , she still would 've been stuck cleaning , ordering , doing the books , etc.Also , Josie was a perfectly nice , confident , outgoing girl -- why was it that her only friend was her tutoring student who was several grades below her ? I 'm quite sure someone at Josie 's middle school would 've hung out with her . And Steve Sanders made the goofiest principal/dad EVER -- I kept waiting for Brandon and Dylan to show McKenna the Peach Pit!On the plus side , my 12 year old and I did snark a LOT on this -- cause it really , really deserved it .
 This movie is very factually incorrect involving ALL the aspects of gymnastics . Regional team ? No such thing . Her skills did not add up in the least , one moment doing level 9 skills , then everyone is cheering for a level 6 leap . Her parents would NEVER have run out onto the floor so immediately after taking a fall that at least `` appeared '' benign . It is a fine movie , but they should have at least attempted to be factual in some cases , such as the gymnastics . Also , If a gymnast actually took their eyes AWAY from the beam to look at her coach during their routine , well , no WONDER she broke her ankle ! No dur ! And changing her routine ? That would NEVER happen in a million years . She never warmed up those skills , so , once again , she kind of ASKED to break her ankle , by practicing unsafe gymnastics.Overall , completely inaccurate , but if you do n't care about the gymnastics , its relatively stupid anyway . The acting is actually very good , though . Props there .
 My daughter loves this movie , and the American Girl message is a good one on the whole . However , when I purchased this , I thought I was purchasing the digital rights to this movie . Instead , all I can do is play it on our TiVo . That means when the TiVo is gone , so is the movie . And we ca n't take it with us on our iPod or iPad . Very disappointed .
 McKenna was a lying , back-talking , eye-rolling , spoiled girl wearing makeup . This movie was nothing like the other -LRB- awesome -RRB- AG movies . What a disappointment for my daughter and our family . American Girl should produce better quality movies . The girls like Caroline and Kit are much better role-models than this McKenna character . A waste of $ 3.99 HD rental fee .
 I may be in the minority on this , but I could care less . Anyway reviews are supposed to be honest and here is mine.I found Barbershop a huge disappointment along with Waiting to Exhale and Soul Food . All three films were hyped up beyond belief but once you watch them your interest deflates faster than a nerf ball . The only and I repeat ONLY reason to watch this for more than five minutes is because of Cedric The Entertainer , the only funny character in the film . With Anthony Anderson along for the ride I expected nonstop laughs . Instead I get the African-American version of National Lampoon 's Barbershop . Ice Cube is good in dramas but he has no business being the lead character in a comedy . Ice Cube is frightening , not funny . He relies on comedy relief from co-stars such as he did in Friday which would have bombed without the hilarious Chris Tucker . There were too many wasted characters . I love Eve but she did n't do anything worth mentioning . Only one woman in the shop and you ca n't give her one funny thing to say ? Ranting about apple juice ... oh yeah that 's funny . Men sitting around talking about black women 's butts ... yeah that 's original to disrespect sisters . NOT ! A big butt woman comes into the shop for men to gawk at ... oh that 's nothing we 've never seen before . YEAH RIGHT ! The funniest part was Cedric 's take on Rosa Parks and we all know the heat Barbershop got from that . With a better lead this would have been very funny and lived up to the hype . Chris Rock or Brian Hooks would have sent this film to the roof with laughter . Ice Cube moped and whined . The funniest line he delivered was about the barbecue , other than that ... he was n't the right man for the part . I applaud Cube 's efforts for trying to recapture the humor of Friday but he was the weakest spot . Also there were too many wasted characters and not enough women . What , sisters need something to relate to too . We 're sick of seeing the same lame jokes put out by black men about our bodies , hair and attitude . Come on , Barbershop I expected something much more intelligent and funny . Cedric saved a sinking ship . If it had n't been for him this movie would have sunk like a dead fish . Watch it if you want to . If you laugh , good for you . If you find something in this that 's original , you deserve a million dollars . If you did n't find Barbershop worth the time and money , you 're not the only one . The Barbershop on my corner is funnier than this . As I watched this one question popped into my head over and over
 While some people still wonder where Waldo might be , others might wonder where and why Ice Cube turned out the way he did . Instead of evolving in music , culture and film he turned his focus onto sophomoric humor and bombastic slapstick with `` we are the world '' dialogue that adds up to nothing but a neo-version of `` Birth of a Nation . '' All the cardboard characters in Barber Shop get crafted into stereotypes that do not add up to much but minimal spurts of bathroom humor . Ice Cube weaves in and out of serious topics about ownership , real-estate , white collar crime and Anglo fantasies but these addressed get re-dressed and celebrated for their errors and mistakes . In my conclusion , there is no redemption to the immoral of the story . Nothing here is worth the price for this dvd . I would suggest Spike Lee 's `` WE CUT HEADS '' film -LRB- 1984 -RRB- as a real , funny , sad , contemplative , sophisticated film that captures the essence that is lacking in this lackey 's flick !
 I rarely review films but this particular movie has received so much publicity I felt compelled to see it and further motivated to write about it . The movie is set in a Southside Chicago barbershop owned by a typical Ice Cube character who has inherited it -LRB- and its debt -RRB- from his deceased father . Cube decides to sell the shop to the neighborhood loan shark to pursue his true dreams of producing music . Everything after this storyline is predictable &#65533; Cube changes his mind about the sale , the loan shark won &#65533; t return the shop etc. . A parallel story line consist of the slap stick comedy of two characters who drives a truck into a convince store and steals the ATM . This storyline is by far the funniest part of the movie , but its milked so much that it becomes ineffective . Save for the comedic relief offered by the thieves , the movie is nothing more than an continuous display of racial stereotypes which , in a fully racialized American society , is funny to different people for different reasons.The reasons for the objections raised in the media about the movie &#65533; s irreverent commentary on famous African American leaders and causes may have some validity . While I certainly don &#65533; t believe that African American leaders and public figures are beyond comedic reproach , I can understand how the dialogue in the film can be misunderstood . It was clear to me that the entire dialogue on Rosa Parks , O.J. Simpson , etc. was deliberately written into the script to generate publicity . It &#65533; s stated in the movie by one of the characters that &#65533; what I &#65533; m about to say is going to upset some people &#65533; . And upset it did . So the media latches on - newspapers , radio talk shows , the CBS evening news &#65533; there &#65533; s been no end to the discussions on the appropriateness of the remarks made in jest . The result of the media exposure has proven to be very effective in promoting sales -LRB- over $ 40mm so far -RRB- but I don &#65533; t think the movie is worthy of being taken so seriously . Forward thinking , reasonably intelligent people will see the film for what it is , a sometimes-funny movie with poor acting , weak story line and about thirty minutes longer than necessary . Backward thinking , shallow , racist , moviegoers may well see the film as validation of a host of stereotypes that they hold regarding African Americans and the Civil Rights movement . Regardless of the varied opinions of the movie , there &#65533; s one thing I &#65533; m certain of - the film producers are craftier at marketing than they are at filmmaking . Unfortunately the success of their marketing is at the expense of a few highly revered African American historical figures . But such is the case with comedy ... everything &#65533; s funny as long as it &#65533; s happening to someone else . You can wait on the video for this one .
 From `` an African-American woman '' with a sense of humor , intelligience and knowledge of history ; this movie was simply offensive ... !!! Full of -LSB- ... -RSB- stereotypes , unbelievably poor attempts at acting and , where was the humor ??? Do n't waste your time or your money . Unfortunately , this is the type of AA movie that still seems to appeal most to the `` mainstream '' audience . Made by just `` anotha brotha ? '' who has no integrity , and ca n't control his lust for the almighty dollar
 This movie sucks ! I ca n't believe some people actually like this movie ! I mean , a movie about a barber shop , how fun is that gon na be ?! Trust me , do not see this movie , whatever you do , do not see it -LRB- unless you already have -RRB- ! IT SUCKS ! IT IS MY LEAST FAVOURITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME ! I 'm definately not seeing the second one ! NEVER ! NEVER ! NEVER ! I never wan na be this bored again ! I said it was good at first , but I was stupid when I said that!P.S . Did I mention this movie sucked ?
 I could not stop the dvd player fast enough . The movie is a waste of time . I did n't find it funny in any way
 This movie is a complete waste of time.There are absolutely no good moments on here.It is horrible.Do not see this movie.Save your money .
 Was this a comedy , I have a sense of humour ! Or at least I think I do ! What the hell was wrong with the writers when they wrote the film ? They must have just been whacked in the head really hard and they could n't think so they just wrote what they could and left the rest for monkeys to write ! I mean come on ! This movie was hailed by critics ? What the f**k were those critics smoking ? Two Thumbs Up ! F**K ! No laughs ! 0 ! None ! Worst movie I have ever seen ! Everytime I think of this peice of turd I get so angry and start cursing madly ! They found this garbage funny but they hated hilarious films like Scary Movie ! Brain check is in need ! To know that this can pass by as a film makes me wonder ! I bet I could just stand in front of a camera and pick my stupid f**kin' nose for 4 hours and I 'd win a stupid Oscar for best Actor , and Best Picture -LRB- best visuals if I moon them ! -RRB- -LRB- :
 this Movie was like watching a 3rd tier Unknown Cast re-creating `` Coming To America '' Barbershop Scene as a Whole Movie.Ice Cube A Great Rapper but One of the Most Overrated Film Stars & makers in Hollywood Ever IMHO.Cedric The Entertainer was n't that funny to me.I did n't care for those Cheap takes.the film felt like a Bad Sample of Movies I 've seen before in some form or fashion without making much sense to me.the Barbershop is a Happening place but this Mess did n't work at all to me .
 Old age is supposed to mean wisdom . The eldest character in the movie is the one bad mouthing ROSA PARKS . Self respecting ethnic groups , do not put down their fighters who stood up for their race in time of trial and tribulation . Other ethnic groups such as Asians , encourage each other when in school . In this movie , the character that is in school trying to improve himself , is frowned upon . This is behavior typical of ignorant Blacks . We are the only race of people who call learning `` trying to be white '' or `` trying to be better than people '' . Young Blacks found nothing wrong with this movie because Black parents , for whatever reason , do not teach matters of race in the home . This is the movie that showed the world why nobody respects Black people . I hope this is not a surprise to Black people that we are not respected . ROSA PARKS is gone now and is being honored by white people . Now that white people are honoring Rosa , maybe some Blacks will wake up and see why many of us Blacks who think critically , hated this movie .
 I can not believe how horrible this movie was . There was a very mild story line . This movie just goes to show that if you combine a couple of comedians , Platinum-record selling artists and put them in a `` funny '' movie , people like myself will want to see this movie . I was surprised by the acting . Ice Cube can act ! But , that did n't cut it . If you review this as a movie , it 's completely horrible . There is a very thin story line . It 's a 2-hour movie about `` bein ' black '' , `` stealin ' da ATM machine from da Pakistani brotha '' , and `` sellin ' dad 's Barbershop '' . It 's extremely controversial , and barely funny . People who are n't African American will have a very hard time understanding what the people in the barbershop are saying , and on top of that they definitely will not be able to connect . The only person who is mildly funny is the `` wigger '' . If you want some real entertainment , well , you 'd be better off without this .
 I loved Lee Marvin in `` The Iceman Cometh '' , `` Point Blank '' , `` The Killers '' , and `` Cat Ballou '' , and I can understand how he was picked , as former Marine , to play the lead in `` The Big Red One '' . Sadly , though based on Fuller 's experiences , the script and direction substitute cliches for reality . Compounded by poor cinematography , it has all the feel of a cheap , '60s , TV production . If you appreciate , great military films like `` All Quiet on the Western Front '' , `` Das Boot '' , and `` Paths of Glory '' , `` Twelve O'Clock High '' , then you will not be rewarded by `` The Big Red One '' . -LRB- I donated my copy to the library . -RRB-
 In late 2001 , Time Magazine in their review of Ridley Scott 's `` Black Hawk Down , '' also selected other films to represent other wars . For Vietnam , they picked `` Full Metal Jacket . '' No problem there . But for World War II they selected this movie.Huh ? I thought . Ah , then I remembered , Time Magazine , Time-Warner , so it was no surprise that they would select one of their own.But let 's face facts . This is one of the most innacurate films ever made . You can tell it shot somewhere OTHER than Europe -LRB- or Africa or Sicily for that matter -RRB- , and in this case , that somewhere was Israel.I do n't fault Sam Fuller , or Lee Marvin or the other members of the cast . Rather , I fault Warner Brothers . They should have given this movie the financial backing it needed.I 'm sorry , but I ca n't watch this film and see T-62s and Shermans stand in for German armor and suspend my disbelief . I also hated to see the Battle of the Bulge reduced to `` they pushed into France , then we pushed them back into Germany . '' The Bulge was much worse than that simple summation.Had Fuller been given the proper budget he might have made one of the greatest war films of all time . But instead , this is what was released.On a side note , I recall quite vividly waiting for this movie in the summer of 1980 . I left the theater , quiet . Something did n't settle right with me . I thought the movie wanting for something . I thought that then and I still do now.What a shame . It could have achieved so much .
 I heard lots of hype for this when it came out which caused me to purchase this one instead of the original . Theres a short homosexual scene when The Sgt is in the German hospital and he is kissed on the lips by the medic or doctor . Did that go on that much that theres a need to portray it . I 'm surprised in 1980 this was filmed or even thought of since gay was not in back then . Also the scene of him spanking the Hitler youth who shot the G.I. was stupid . The scenes added I could have done without , not too much substance in them . The editors were right the first time when they did this without Fullers permission . I liked it before when there was a sense of honor and pride that I got from the movie , without the sex and useless characters added .
 My apologies to all you avid Sam Fuller fans out there , but of the countless war movies I 've seen over the years , I can honestly say that this is not one of the better ones . Sure , it has some interesting aspects and even a few suspenseful scenes , but the overall effect is not very impressive , believable or compelling . In fact , most of it is so much schtick , definitely B movie material.The thing that struck me most , and the least believable part of the whole movie , is that the same squad of the same platoon of the same company of the same division would be the first unit on the beach in every major allied action from Operation Torch to Kasserine -LRB- I know , no beach -RRB- to Sicily to Normandy and beyond . Strains credulity just a bit , in my humble opinion . A few of the other scenes were just too surreal for my tastes , for example , delivering a baby in a knocked out German tank , or clearing an exit on Omaha beach with the very first bangalore.Particularly striking during the Omaha beach assault was the absence of any sense of other activity going on aside from this squad . There are no ships visible in the background , no combat sounds , no significant amount of shelling , machine gun fire , etc. . It 's like the entire invasion is made up of this one squad , the same one that apparently fights and wins the rest of the war all by itself . In short , the D-Day scene totally lacks the epic feel of other movies depicting the same event . Oh , and by the way , the ending of this film is totally corny -- so much that it borders on insulting the viewer 's intelligence.On the positive side , Lee Marvin and Mark Hamill do decent acting jobs , and the scene where the squad comes upon a German death camp -LRB- I think it was Auschwitz -- this squad is first on the scene at all the big stuff -RRB- is somewhat moving if overdone . I suppose it 's fair to characterize this movie as an attempt to encapsulate the entire G.I. experience in WW2 in a two hour movie by showing every major battle , and it that respect I guess it has a measure of success . Still , for someone who watches these movies from the perspective of an amateur historian , I was n't particularly impressed by this endeavor . The fact that it purports to recount Sam Fuller 's personal experiences does n't change anything . Watch it solely for its limited entertainment value -- it 's not good for much else .
 With all due respect to Sam Fuller the WWII veteran who directed this and several other war films , I hated this movie . Numerous other reviewers have expressed the same reasons I would about what 's wrong with this film ; the obnoxious narrative throughout the movie of Robert Carradine ; the some good -- some ridiculous scenes involving Lee Marvin ; and the episodic , kind of ` aimless ' story line . To me Lee Marvin 's best film is ` The Dirty Dozen ' and its no surprise why that is a great movie because he 's on screen with Charles Bronson , Jim Brown , and Clint Walker . In the Big Red One , Lee is paired with the ` ultimate tough guy ' , Mark Hamill . MARK HAMILL ? Three years removed from Star Wars , he is just laughable here as the squad sniper -- totally unbelieveable . The rest of the squad is no better and the battle scenes are not well done in my view . Everyone is entitled to their opinions of course , and some folks see this as a ` classic ' war film . Great ; I do n't . To me The Blue Max -- is great war movie ; The Longest Day -- is great ; The Guns of Navarone -- is great ; Sink the Bismark , The Dessert Fox , 12 O'clock High , Battle of Britian , In Harms Way ... any of those films is a ' 10 ' compared to the Big Red One .
 THE BIG RED ONE - RECONSTRUCTED is a significant improvement over the old VHS release . The movie is crisp , sound effects improved , and much of Samuel Fuller 's cut footage has been restored to the film.In addition to being the title to the movie , THE BIG RED ONE is the nickname of the US Army 's 1st Infantry Division . The shoulder patch is simply a blood-red number 1 on a green/brown background . The film follows a sergeant , played by Lee Marvin , and his squad from the North African landings through to the surrender of Nazi Germany . The squad focuses on four soldiers in the squad that we come to know as the four horseman . Essentially , these soldiers , in addition to their squad leader Lee Marvin , survive the war.The restoration of Fuller 's footage greatly improved what was otherwise a miserable film . Whenever a film has to resort to promoting itself `` based on real events '' you know that it is just an excuse for a poorly made film . In the original version of this film , the movie seemed to be a bunch of loosely connected vignettes serving no purpose . The new release ties the separate scenes together much better than the 1980 movie ever did.The sound effects , specifically the small arms reports and explosions , have been excellently remixed so that they sound more like what we would expect to hear in BAND OF BROTHERS , WINDTALKERS , and SAVING PRIVATE RYAN . The old version of the movie stuck with rifle , machine gun , and artillery sound effects that were straight out of COMBAT ! , THE BRIDGE AT REMAGEN , THE DIRTY DOZEN , and other films that used the standard 1950 - 1970 ordnance sounds.In almost every major scene there is additional footage inserted . Particularly impressive are the battles in the Roman ampitheater , expanded Kassarine Pass attack , and Battle of the Bulge segment.Overall , this Reconstruction is a much better , and more watchable , war film.Still , the film could have been better.Lee Marvin would have been the perfect choice for the sergeant if this film had been made in the 1950 's . Marvin was a great actor , but by the late 1970s he was more fit for the role of a crusty old mountain man , not a spry young squad leader . No visible attempt was made to soften Marvin 's aged appearance . Lee Marvin had already seen his share of real combat during World War Two in the Pacific . In the mid 1950s , Marvin already appeared as a very believable career lieutenant colonel in the movie ATTACK ! Ten years later Marvin appeared as a major in his hallmark film THE DIRTY DOZEN . THE DIRTY DOZEN should have been Marvin 's last foray as a combat soldier -- though he would reprise his DIRTY DOZEN role in the mid 1980 's in a DIRTY DOZEN television movie.In THE BIG RED ONE it is difficult to imagine Marvin as a white-haired three-stripe sergeant -- particularly as in the beginning of THE BIG RED ONE we are introduced to Marvin as a soldier in the First World War . At the very least , this career soldier should have been a division sergeant major by the time the WWII came along . With the exception of Marvin 's age , he would have been the perfect choice for the squad leader . Keep in mind that at the time Samuel Fuller was also considering none-too-youthful John Wayne for the same part.In the restored DVD we get to see more of Siegfried Raush . If you recall , in PATTON Raush portrayed the German intelligence officer who tracked Patton at German Army headquarters . In RED ONE Raush plays the German infantry sergeant who always seems to come into contact with Marvin 's squad in North Africa , Sicily , France , Germany , and Czechoslovakia . In fact , after watching the Reconstructed DVD , this was the first time that I realized that Raush had a recurring part through the entire movie . We first meet him when he tommy-guns a deserter in Tunisia and finish with Marvin stabbing him with a trench knife in the last few minutes of the film.Raush 's part would have been better served if he did not speak at all . In fact , most of the French and German dialogue is contrived to the point of being phony . I do n't buy the Vichy French soldiers debating whether or not they should shoot at Americans . The speech by the German soldier contemplating desertion is also cheesy and out of place . The final ill-placed conversation is between Raush and a soon to be deceased countess seems as if it belongs in a different movie.A majority of the film was shot in Israel . Israel natually doubles well for Mediterranean locations , but it is a stretch for northern European locales . The one thing I think they could have done better in the Reconstructed movie was to computer insert an invasion fleet into the beach landing scenes . In the film the squad lands on three beaches , and in all three amphibious landings we can clearly see , with the exception of a solitary landing craft during the D-Day landings , that there are absolutely no ships on the water . These guys must have had a long swim.On the other hand , the re-released DVD includes additional French location shooting doubling as France , Belgium , the Huertgen Forest , and the Ardennes . In the theatrical release and subsequent VHS issue , most of the 1944-45 sequences were cut from the movie.THE BIG RED ONE on DVD is worth the effort . I recommend you pitch your old VHS copy and spend an enjoyable afternoon watch the Reconstructed DVD release and special features .
 Other reviewers here , including ones giving the film a 5-star rating , have noted the inaccuracies in The Big Red One -- the American tanks dressed up as German ones , Jews playing Nazi camp commanders , etc. . But those are truly superficial gripes , ones that do a disservice to the film , even if those reviewers raise those points only to -LRB- properly , I think -RRB- dismiss them . The film is Fuller 's war odyssey , after all , his anecdotal recollection of his own experiences in WWII , and that should be our starting point for a real dicussion of the film 's merits.But there are n't many merits . For the most part the script conveys these anecdotes without force or focus . The scene of delivering a baby inside a German tank , for example , shows us a baby delivered inside a German tank . Alright , so this was presumably part of Fuller 's war experience , but it comes across in the film as a giddy invention , the woman 's legs suspended in stirrups made of bullets , the adolescent joke confusing the French word for `` push '' with a vulgar English word ... . Even in the film 's construct , it is finally inconsequential . Worse , it is gaudy and inconsequential . The film 's entire tone actually suggests that the platoon is on something like a really long hike , where the dangers of war carry the same heft as walking through bear country . Death arises throughout , but usually with as little impact for us as in a bad Chuck Norris film , and always to the chipper strains of the film 's just awful score -- a poorly recalled version of Fanfare for the Common Man . So that celebrated birth scene -- we ca n't even relievedly celebrate life during that scene because the film has n't made death a matter of any genuine weight . Life is inside the tank and dead guys are outside , because Fuller tells us so.Lee Marvin 's deadpan tone , that dull growl , does little to enliven the oracular war-dictums he utters every three to five minutes . It 's not his fault . The script itself is the absolute opposite of the chcracter Marvin tries to create . Where he is hardened and resolute , the script is woozy and uncertain . His role is evidence of that -- since the scenes themselves fail to create their own consequence and meaning , the screenplay has Marvin and the voice-over narrator speak things a better film could have illustrated . Blaming all of this on poor pre-Saving Private Ryan WWII filmmaking -LRB- as other reviwers have done -RRB- is just beside the point . I too like Ryan much better -LRB- or just do like it , whereas Fuller 's film is almost empty . -RRB- But my goodness , films had been successfully conveying structure and sense for 60 years before Fuller 's movie . Friends of mine have blamed the budget , but frankly the costumes and most of the sets seem pretty solid , so that defense just sentimentalizes an allegedly gritty filmmaker and his outsider relation to Hollywood.And nothing in the film suggests that Fuller 's point is , somehow , the pointlessness of it all , or the shapelessness of the experience . After all , Marvin and the narrator keep summing things up for us , with marginal insight . So it seems to want to be a conclusive , exploratory film . And , again , it 's not a film that actually manages the idea of emptiness or that captures some broad ambiguity about war -- those fractures are part of the film itself , a problem in the artwork , not its subject . The camera work , for example , is always zooming in and out , and the edits do n't make clear sense out of who 's where , even in the slower scenes . It 's a tough film to even follow on a visual level . In fact , the hell with this . I 'm using film vocuabulary to wonder about Fuller 's effects , but frankly the film is just carelessly shot and sloppy in its scene-making . Griff is totally unstable as a creation -- not just as a guy , but as Fuller 's bad creation -- nervous at first , assured and responsible in the Normandy invasion , then derranged in the concentration camp scnee -LRB- a startlingly good scene , actually -RRB- and then loose and chatty at the very end . He 's just an incoherent character , not a developed one . The other guys have no individuality , though the narrator chomps a cigar . We keep hearing about how pointless it is to learn the names of the new guys , but I ca n't tell you which of the original crew -- if any -- died , or when . The film is careless about its own people -- not war-careless , but film-careless . Marvin is alternately tough and human , but only because the script says so , not because his sargeant is . He 's still the best thing in the film , a suspended hope of in the midst of sustained disappointment .
 For potential buyers out there ... you have been warned . I recently purchased this single disc release of the reconstructed version of `` The Big Red One '' only to open it and find that it ONLY contained DISC 2 -LRB- SPECIAL FEATURES -RRB- of the 2 Disc special edition version of the film . That 's right , there 's no feature film , only the special features disc from that other release.What this is is a factory screw up by Warner Brothers . What they do is after releasing two disc special editions of films , they later release single disc versions and utilize the same DISC 1 from their earlier two disc release . This can be also be seen in there single disc releases of `` Bullitt '' and such . Instead of including DISC 1 from the two disc version , the factory screwed up and put in DISC 2 so people buying the single disc version only get the special features disc and NOT THE FILM.I went through a major headache and exchanged the DVD three times and each time only DISC 2 was included . After a heated argument with customer service at a store that will remain unnamed , I finally got my money back and bought theThe Big Red One - The Reconstruction -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- here on amazon . Do yourself a favor , buy the two disc version . Not only does it contain special features , but also THE FILM which this major screw-up amazingly lacks .
 First off , the best on screen depictions about WW II are Saving Private Ryan and Band of Brothers . Its an undisputed fact , IMHO . Any serious filmmaker attempting to make a WWII Production knows this , or should , and begin work on his production with that in mind . Anyway , in all fairness The Big Red One came 20 years before Ryan.To the Movie
 I always liked this film and felt that it did a good job showing how things might have been . But it turns out that the writer/director could n't leave well enough alone and had to go back and add a bunch of things that were cut from the original . All he did was make it longer and harder to watch . I would rather see this on tv than sit thru this long boring re-do . Too bad the original was pretty good . If you can find it buy the non re-vamped version you will like it a lot better
 This movie is HORRIBLE ! It ... the `` Big One '' ! I ca n't believe that a WWII veteran , Sam Fuller , directed this travesty!Lee Marvin is too old to portray a believable American GI.Carradine is a big nerd.Most of the extras look as though they were lured away from someone 's Bar-Mitzvah so Fuller could film this piece-of - ... in Israel.Geez , I never knew that Eucalyptus trees grow in the German Forest ? Duh !! See Sam Peckinpah 's `` Cross of Iron '' -LRB- 1977 -RRB- starring James Coburn for an excellent WWII B-movie . Coburn tears Marvin to shreds.Fuller , you should be ashamed of yourself !
 Saw this extended version in a theatre recently.While it looks better than before due to remastering nothing can be done to improve the low budget and pedestrian dialogue.Lee Marvin is very good but the rest of the cast is awful .
 This is one of those movies that you either love or hate . I 'm guessing the lovers like the interesting combat action and episodic nature of the movie , which keeps up a fast pace and allows for multiple locations and perspectives on the war.Unfortunately , this movie is ruined by the Voice Narrator - none other than future star of `` Revenge of the Nerds . '' Whether it 's the actor chosen or bad direction , it is easily the most annoying voice over in `` A-movie '' history . Particularly since we have all seen this done much more effectively in war movies released since this picture was made in 1980 . I have no doubt that these movies owe a debt to the Big Red One , with the directors saying , `` Stop , you sound like the nerd in the Big Red One . Try it again . `` My `` favorite '' scene
 Words can not do justice to how bad of a portrayal of war this movie is . Even comparing it to other war movies made around the time of this one and before it is bad . The action is horrible and unrealistic the acting is a let down and most importantly a sixty year old Lee Marvin as the leader . Bad ... Bad ... Bad ... Get Patton , all quiet on the western front , The longest day , A bridge to far . Hell any war movie but this one . .
 This movie SUCKED Lee Marvin leading a bunch dopey looking GIs ! It was confusing to follow . The Longest Day was cool but this movie with Marvin dressed as a arab in a German hospial . The movie was foolish from beginning to end !
 Any resemblance between BRO and WW2 is merely in the uniforms.Do you want to see Lee Marvin kissed on the mouth multiple times by a German military doctor who has a childish tattoo of a nude man on chest ? Did n't think so . And the really odd thing is that Marvin does n't object until at least the second kiss . Was his character undecided whether he liked it?I guess this is Fuller 's idea of a good war movie or at least a good joke on the rest of us . If war is hell , then watching this movie is the closest thing to hell . And I do n't mean that in a `` Saving Private Ryan '' way.If you make the mistake of buying this movie and watch the first few scenes , do n't torture yourself by hoping it will get better . Hit eject and move on .
 This film is a disgrace , the combat is unrealistic and i 'm sure the tanks in it are all the same for americans and germans alike . The narration is very annoying and quite pointless . I know the film is trying to put across an important message but it could have done it better ; better actors for a start , Lee Marvin is not exactly my favourite . Overall leave this film alone , if you want to see a good war film watch Patton , A Bridge too Far or The Longest Day .
 I 'm glad I read A. Snyder 's review about finding the wrong disc inside . I buy a lot of DVDs from bargain bins and do n't watch them for a while . A few days ago I purchased the same DVD from Walmart 's $ 5 Bargain Bin and read his complaint when I got home . I immediately opened it and yep I too got only the second disc . It does have a good documentary about Sam Fuller 's career but I 'm returning it tomorrow for a refund and will order the two disc set . Had I waited too long , I might have not been able to return it . I do n't understand how anyone at the company did n't notice this mistake when it was packaged . So much for Quality Control ! My one star review is for the packaging error only .
 I read all your reviews and I realised I was n't the only fan of this movie , it 's the strongest movie I 've seen about this war . The only problem is that Sam FULLER 's movie originally lasts MORE THAN 4 HOURS , it was cut by the studio and this copy you 're so amazed about is unfortunately a clip of THE BIG RED ONE , the movie that you can only READ fully -LRB- check at the books -RRB- . It still remains a good movie but we must hope to see one day on DVD edition the original movie wich is sometimes shown at the french `` cin&eacute;matheque '' .
 Two or three times during this movie Lee Marvin makes subtle faces and body movements which are superb . You have to hang a star on him.The rest of this movie is best described as `` five or six scripts rejected as unworkable from the old TV show ` Combat ' , loosely threaded together , with little or no underlying theme or plot to the movie.Every war movie cliche is present , the bravado lines are obviously and painfully conjured up by Hollywood writers , and from this point it gets worse.The movie does n't , at any point , make any military sense . A GI decides to hide by running out of the hills and into the open , -LRB- ? -RRB- where he digs a hole -LRB- ?? -RRB- with enought time to dig a four or five foot deep hole -LRB- ?? -RRB- but gets squished by getting run over by a tank -LRB- Uh ... the pounds/sq inch under a tank tread is pretty low actually , the hole would not collapse -RRB- . Sicily
 A number of people had told me that this was a very good war movie and one that should be viewed as soon as possible . Honestly , I was not impressed . The plot is disjointed and confusing ; jumping from the North African Theatre to the European Theatre almost seamlessly , leaving the viewer thoroughly confused . The character development is also very poor . No one character stands out due to the fact that Samuel Fuller never allows them to grow or mature by switches between multiple characters too frequently or by not allowing any lengthy dialogue . Historically speaking this film is a joke . During the action scenes when the Germans have tanks they are in fact American tanks with the German symbol painted on . Also , uniforms are sometimes inaccurate . However , the most annoying aspect is the fact that Samuel Fuller makes it appear as though this squad of men is the ONLY squad fighting the entire war . Only once or twice do you see any other American troops . This feeling of isolation detracts from the overall sense of a full scale war , of which these men are supposed to be a part of . Finally , to make matters worse , the film 's action sequences are sometimes imaginative but are often impractical , sloppy , awkwardly placed , and consist of ridiculous situations.Overall this movie was too long , lacked character development for most of the movies characters , was disjointed , and was historically inaccurate . For a movie that garnered so much hype I was expecting much , much more .
 This movie follows a squad from the 1st Infantry division grizzled , WW1 vet sergeant , portrayed by Lee Marvin , through all the major European battles of WW2 . The basic theme is that organisations such as the 1st Inf . Div . consisted of a handful of combat veterans and thousands and thousands of faceless replacements . Although this is a great idea for a movie , it fails on about all counts . The movie is a series of loosely conected vignettes , each one more cartoonish and unbelievable than the last . My favorite is when `` the squad '' discovers a bunch of dead Germans and a tank out in the middle of nowhere . They poke around , but only when ` ole sarge sticks his head inside the tank and discovers that the `` dead '' germans inside the tank have the wrong colored piping on their shoulder straps is the ruse discovered , then all the evil nazis who were playing posum are dispatched quickly and effortlesly . -LRB- How long were these guys playing dead , waiting for someone to happen along ? -RRB- Finally , after our heroes depart the cowardly nazi NCO slinks away from his perch , a huge , lifesize crucifix . Makes you wonder how Germany ever invaded anything bigger than the Hofbrau Haus ! Another great scene is Omaha Beach , here the squad nervously awaits its turn to charge forward with a Bangalore Torpedo , in the background , out in the water , representing the greatest invasion fleet ever assembled is one -LRB- 1 ! -RRB- ship , that looks like a stranded tramp steamer actually . The movie was filmed entirely in Israel , which is fine for portraying N.Africa and Sicily , but France and Germany -LRB- where the 1st spent most of its time -RRB- it is n't . So the movie does n't even have the right `` look '' . If you always wondered what SGT Rock comics would look like in real life , check this out , if you want a realistic portrayal of infantry action in WW2 , avoid this like the plague .
 I will refer to the movie itself rather than the technical merits of the DVD , as there are plenty of websites that can provide that information.The storyline is basic , but believable - a simple story of a rifle squad in the First US Infantry Division in World War Two . Despite what other reviewers have said , this Division did indeed see action first in North Africa , Sicily and France . Samuel Fuller was a combat veteran of this division , and many of the film 's details ring true.Acting is good ; Marvin plays - well , Lee Marvin - in typical understated style . Mark Hamill is surprisingly good ; other younger actors are proficient , not outstanding.Drawbacks to this film are many ; overall the film has not aged well . Advances in special effects and historical knowledge on the part of moviegoers , as well as much better films in recent years dealing with the same types of themes make this one seem tired and old . D-Day in Normandy is filmed in bright sun on an Israeli beach ; the real D-Day was on an overcast day and is much better presented in Saving Private Ryan . German equipment is poorly done and Israeli equipment is used as a jarring stand-in -LRB- this may not bother many filmgoers , so take with a grain of salt -RRB- . Special effects are dated ; modern CGI inserts realistic tracer fire ; current sound effects can really enhance the viewing experience and place you in the scene . This film does none of that.Dialogue is trite and attempts at humour not well done - Marvin joking when a young soldier loses a testicle to a boobytrap seems particularly forced . There is little realistic gore and deaths are mainly bloodless and almost serene . Little horror to the action sequences as in better and more recent films like Band of Brothers or SPR which are now the standards to be judged against.However , main characters are likeable ; some would say cliched but guys like this really lived and breathed so that is not a great criticism . Some nice scenes ; the concentration camp scenes are sobering , and if one or two scenes try too hard to make a point , the intentions are good and this makes for good light entertainment.Biggest criticism is that this film shares common flaw with most `` army movies '' in that the main characters seem to be the only soldiers in the entire world . Real life practices are not even hinted at and suspension of disbelief has to be extreme for those with a military background or working knowledge of real military practice . Twelve men simply would n't walk around doing things the way they are presented in the movie.Even die-hard Lee Marvin fans will be disappointed by this , but if you do n't take it all too seriously , you can have fun .
 I really enjoy war films and purchased this `` reconstruction '' with great anticipation , but it was not worth it . In comparison with some very fine , more recent films - Gettysburg , Black Hawk Down , Saving Private Ryan and the like - Big Red One comes across as a little melodramatic and the combat footage often seems unrealistic . It is simply not as sophisticated as some more current films on the subject .
 Juvenile antics ala `` The Dirty Dozen '' . An embarrassment that does n't deserve the reputation it has garnered . This is the worst film Sam Fuller made and the only one I have deleted from my collection .
 One of the worst war movies ever . Cliche-ridden , wooden acting , unbelievable -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- scenery , just general yuck . The storyline is so episodic as to be almost incomprehensible , other than that Lee Marvin 's platoon was first st everything in WWII . There 's a sequence at an insane asylum that is so laughably bad that I had to stop watching for a while . Would not recommend to anyone who wants a good war movie , or even a bad one . A complete and total waste of time and money .
 As war movies go , this one lacks any element of a good movie . I bought the DVD on the strength of its many recommendations in Amazon.com and resold it after the first viewing . The problems are too numerous to detail in a short review , but here are a few
 `` Fear Strikes Out '' is a melodramatic , miscast , muddy , musty baseball movie loosely based on Jimmy Piersall 's real-life experience with bipolar disorder . It appears I 'm in the minority here , but I do n't agree that this is a complex psychological drama . After repeated viewings , I do n't think I learned anything about bipolar disorder , and the subject criticized the film for overblaming his father . Also , I disagree with the view that the movie was n't melodramatic . Climbing the backstop while shrieking is overemotional unless it really happened , which it did n't . Take way the psychological drama and you 're left with the baseball scenes , which Jimmy Piersall said were laughable . The theme of fathers trying to live out their dreams in their kids is an important one , but I do n't think time or real life have been kind to the way this movie deals with it .
 I love baseball movies , and this one delivers a definite home run!I ca n't stand DVDs that have 3 of those irritating security tags on them . Really , even one is n't needed , given that they are sealed in plastic . But I can deal with one , usually . But three ALWAYS cause some sort of damage to the case , if not to the DVD itself.Be careful of the DVDs that claim to be `` new '' . This one was supposed to be , but it 's all scratched up and wo n't play , even after I ran it through a DVD cleaner that repairs scratches . Not saying anything against other movies , just this one . I guess it 's impossible to tell until you get the movie , but I 'm disappointed .
 Starring Tony Perkins perfectly miscast as a major league ballplayer . What can you say ? The Red Sox have Jimmy Pirsall , Tony Perkins and `` Fear Strikes OUT '' . The Yankees have Lou Gehrig , Gary Cooper and `` Pride of the Yankees '' .
 I rented this video from Amazon . It was very disappointing because the entire video is spoken in Chinese . It has subtitles but the Amazon video player controls at the bottom of the screen completely block the translations , making it absolutely useless unless you understand the language being spoken.Complete waste of money . I 'm glad it was only $ 1.99
 If I could give the story a rating aside from other factors I would give it a 3 , the fight scenes were well constructed . The flashback scenes explaining that his girlfriend was murdered by thugs was too disjointed with 5 30 second flashbacks . One would have been much better . HOWEVER ! Not only is it a British film , amd all that implys , but the back ground music is SO LOUD that for 90 % of the video you ca n't hear anything that was said . My copy might have had a bad subtitle track , but less than 5 % of the time there was no subtitles to help you figure out what was said and happening . Do not even rent this video .
 I think I laughed twice during this entire season of 30 Rock . I do n't know if that 's because the show actually got worse , or because it was sandwiched between rising stars Parks & Rec and Community . Either way , I will happily leave my 30 Rock DVD collection incomplete by not wasting money on this season .
 I love 30 Rock and will someday watch these episodes , but might need a dedicated DVD player . These DVD 's not only hang but the codec left a vertical white line staggering back and forth on my monitor `` forever '' -- that is until I impulsively tried a CD from Season four . While the DVD would not run , it fixed the problem caused by playing Season Five.I 'm so glad I do n't need a new monitor after all.To those who actually watched these , did you use your computer or other equipment . -LRB- I watch other DVDs just fine . -RRB-
 It may be due to the fact that I was only 7 when this film premiered , but I found House of Games to be atrocious ! The acting was laughable -LRB- Lindsay Crouse was dull and wooden , while Montagna 's lines came across comically though not usually intended to be so -RRB- , the plot was entirely transparent -LRB- just imagine - getting conned by con men -RRB- , and the character development left much to be desired.An interesting side-note , however , is that this movie reminds viewers just how much influence tobacco companies had on movie houses back in the '80s . The whole film is one long drag off a Camel , and even Granny happily lights Crouse 's cigarettes with her vintage lighter.Do not purchase this movie without first watching it !
 THe key performances are off . THey feel like stage performances rather than cinematic . Im assuming its the direction thats misguided ; most of the performances are consistently bad in the same way.The writing is very angry . Like a temper tantrum against human nature.THe depiction of female characters is ugly.the plot is very predictable .
 Really -- do n't buy or even rent this film . It 's slow , boring , and so poorly acted , it appeared that the actors were reading their lines . I 'm not kidding ! I 'm not a picky viewer , and can usually find something redeeming in any movie I watch , but this is really , really , unforgettably bad ! Please , do n't believe the other reviews -- believe ME -- do n't waste your money !
 First off , 5 stars for the film itself . But you 're not getting very good value for your money in comparison the MUCH cheaper original release.But as a Criterion Collection release , `` House of Games '' has precious few additions . It is nice to get a commentary by Ricky Jay and Mamet himself , and the other brief interviews and video footage are okay , but for me personally it does n't justify the SIGNIFICANT price increase over the original bare-bones video release.I 'm a fan of Mamet 's plays , books , and films , and so it pains me a little to have less-than-complimentary things to say here . But this edition should qualify as rental-only for anyone who already owns the previous release . Since no store in my area carries this Criterion title , I reluctantly made the choice to purchase it and hoped I would be overwhelmed enough to justify the extra $ $ $ . I enjoyed the bonus features , but had a bit of buyer 's remorse due to the high price.Generally , one buys `` special editions '' for the bonus features AND the original film and then hopes all of the material is worth revisiting again and again . In this case of this release , one trip through the bonus features is quite enough . Rent it .
 The thing about House Of Games is that you 're sure its lame until the last 30 minutes or so and after you 've finished watching it , you still ca n't decide if you like it or not . Regardless , it does n't hold up to repeated viewings.The horrible acting -LRB- especially from Mamet 's then-wife Linsay Crouse -RRB- and stiff dialogue , along with the ill-advised lighting homage to film noir almost play into the `` con '' Mamet is playing on the viewer . Still , that does n't make it * enjoyable * to watch.The theme of pairing pyschology with the con artist is loaded with potential . However , it is not explored enough . The scenes between the doctor and her patient are Ed Wood bad . Bad dialogue , bad acting , bad photography and , most of all , empty . Similarly , the scenes with Maria , the older shrink professor , are too obvious . The `` Freudian slips '' are just amateurish . There is no excuse for this , as these scenes ca n't be explained away by being ensconsed in the world of confidence games , where neither party has their guard down and may be trying to lead the other on . For more on this , read Mike Stone 's review below.Overall , while the plot becomes clever in an unconventional way , there was way too much raw potential that went unrealized . The cons are somewhat obvious and lame . We know the `` big con '' before Maggie does and what she does from there is n't clever , but instead relies on the character development , which was pretty much nil up to this point . Mamet crowbars the subtle aspects of her character in there . Subtle as a flying mallet . And yet , he does n't want to spend too much time on them -LRB- wisely -RRB- so he relies on singular scenes with the mental patient or her mentor Maggie and all I can say is these scenes are woefully lacking in all aspects . Good scene writing escaped Mamet in this movie . Not to mention any dialogue that rises above * painfully * bad.The script , in this sense , is its own worst enemy . The basic structure is fine , but the scene-to-scene execution is pitiful . Couple that with bad acting and -LRB- at times -RRB- cheesy cinematography and it 's just too bad that a solid idea was so underdeveloped.I wish Mamet had done two things
 I 've seen two other Mamet films -LRB- Spartan and Redbelt -RRB- . Although I enjoyed both of these films , I do n't understand why this movie has received so much acclaim . Maybe it was because I knew there was a twist -LRB- but probably not -RRB- , I saw it coming , not from the beginning , but it became painfully obvious . I enjoyed the dialogue in the other Mamet films I 've seen , but not in this film . Seriously , who says , as they are being shot to death , `` Thank you , sir . Can I have some more ? '' -LRB- or something to that effect -RRB- . And once you figure out the con , the color motif becomes obvious and , frankly , uninteresting.A real disappointment .
 Too stylized to be enjoyable . Crouse is so wooden that you wish the camera would move away from her and free her up . Mantegna is slightly more enjoyable , but the convincing performances are all from the bit-players . The result -- no tension -LRB- how can you care about the leads ? -RRB- , no engagement , and therefore no pay-off . A clunker I ca n't wait to get rid of .
 Lindsay Crouse does a hilarious impression of Keanu Reeves on horse tranquilizers , but that ca n't save this movie . The plot twist is as deceptive as in `` Rocky IV '' . The dialogue , oh , the dialogue . Here 's a sample : Mike
 A few films fall into the catogory of ones that make me want to run from the room kicking and screaming , `` Do n't ever direct a film the way this one was ! '' Wag the Dog seemed to fall into that category . David Mamet often ca n't make a career transition from stage work to screen . Lindsey Crouse is as stiff and repulsive as sleazy Joe Montegna is . They perform each scene like they 're playing on stage to an audience . Other characters appear to be on projection backdrops along with the cardboard street slum set . Oh , and believability . Montegna can steal a key to use a first class hotel room without the bell boy or maid coming up to clean their room and find new guests there . He can spend the night there with Crouse . She will make sure each intimate line is heard in the back row . His con men gamble with a squirt gun ! Would n't an empty pistol bluff just as easy ? The scenes focus solo on two characters even in crowded rooms -- no sound blends the others in .
 did n't care for the movie it was weird and boring , would not recommend anyone to watch it . You do n't know until u watch it .
 Shame on Criterion for pricing this only slightly lux version of standard packaging , graphics , and extras at the $ 35.00 price point where one would expect a high end treatment throughout the entire package ! The new transfer is absolutely first rate . But talk about cheap and over priced packaging and extras ! Nothing but a plastic case , a single disc , a fat booklet and a few on disc extras , no more than you would get with a regular edition for countless other films . This disc might do well at $ 16.99 , but at thirty-five dollars -LRB- $ 35.00 -RRB- it 's just a rip.I love this film , always have , always will , ever since it was first released . So I was excited to see Criterion issue a completely remastered edition to replace the very mediocre transfer and disc that has , till now , been all that was available . I had recently purchased the Criterion three disc edition of the beautifully remastered `` Seven Samurai '' . That set was without a doubt one of the most lavish , best designed , wonderfully packaged and best presented sets I have ever seen . Well worth the $ 35 Amazon charged for it.Silly me , I assumed that , just because `` House Of Games '' was priced at the same $ 35 level that it would be packaged and presented with the same value and care . Boy was I wrong!So , to balance out my two star rating : Film
 This is a 1 star review for the Prime streaming of this anime . On the PS3 it buffers until Amazon asks if you want to reduce the quality to stream better , then buffers until Amazon tells you that YOU have a bandwidth problem and asks if you want to stop the stream . This is a problem with several of the new Prime anime features.Even though Amazon says it is a problem with your bandwidth , it is not ; you can verify this by noticing all the normal Prime features that stream without issue or just go to DSL reports and test your bandwidth before screaming at your ISP.I will update this review when/if the streaming issue gets fixed . The cover art is also missing from this anime in the PS3 watch list as it is with most of the new Prime anime.The actual feature would get 2 stars as a sub par comedy attempt . -LRB- Review so I can just delete the top part if the streaming gets fixed -RRB- Looking at the description I was thinking that it would be like Excel Saga or other comedy anime , what I got was a special needs Moldiver ... well not even that . It is like the kid who wants to be funny and watches people who are funny and then tries and fails to imitate them . Sure there are some laughs but for comedies there are so many better offerings -LRB- Shinesman , Shin Chan , Excel Saga , Those Who Hunt Elves , etc -RRB- .
 The Tender Trap is one of the most aggressive defenses of marriage ever seen in the movies . Carefree Frank Sinatra is bullied by depressed married friend David Wayne into leaving his happy bachelor life for the supposed solidity of married life . Frank is eventually roped by control-freak Debbie -LRB- `` I do n't care who I marry as long as I 'm married by 22 '' -RRB- Reynolds into a presumably happily ever after married future . A depressing movie that is barely redeemed by sympathetic performances by Sinatra and Celeste Holm . David Wayne 's portrayal of a self-absorbed , cruel detached husband is o.k. in a thankless role . Debbie Reynold 's character is truly frightening .
 I love Sinatra movies . I love Reynolds . but not this one ! It is about Charlie -LCB- Sinatra -RCB- who has a string of girls . His friend Joe comes out and sees them and he wants in but he is married.He loves his wife very much but he came to get a break and to see Charlie . Charlie meets Debbie Reynolds and instatanly he falls in love.and Joe thinks he is having fun with her instead of being in love . Joe starts making friends with one of Charlies girls and charlie really does n't like it . It is just that he does n't want to admit it . This movie is not that bad BUT if you are a man you willl probably not like it ! all it was made for was girls I know because I am one!All it is , is a love movie .
 I expected this to be a musical , based on the cast and the cute song `` The Tender Trap , '' but in fact that 's the only song in it . The character Debbie Reynolds plays is positively psychotic -LRB- I had hoped she would be funny -RRB- . The plot drags on about an hour too long , and none of the characters are likable , except Celeste Holmes and Frank Sinatra 's dog . What a waste of a great cast !
 I watched it , suffered through it and at several points it was as though Jay focused his brown noise wave on my bowels . It was bad enough that I almost crapped my pants.Its so bad , I 'm going to make my friends watch it . Its like `` Dude , OMG , this smells like **** , You 've got ta smell it ! ''
 `` Wrong Side of Town '' was written and directed by David DeFalco and stars Rob Van Dam as Bobby , a guy from special forces in the wrong place at the wrong time -LRB- a club when he 's a buff guy that hates to dance -RRB- . A bad guy named Seth 's dumb brother is accidentally killed after he tries to rape Bobby 's wife so Seth assumes Bobby was the cause and puts a hit out on him for $ 100,000 for any goon that can get him.Rob Van Dam is not believable in any regular conversations establishing relationships , but is great at taunting and clever quips in a fight . He handles the physicality of the role in the fight scenes easily due to his depth of experience . It is pretty cool when a goon called Animal shows up at a gas station and low and behold , it is the wrestler previously known as Big Daddy V or Viscera , real name Nelson Frazier Jr. -LRB- Junior to whom I can only imagine -RRB- . After enough fights and car chases late in the movie , Bobby goes to B.R. / Big Ronnie played by David Bautista , another partner in special forces for help . Dave Bautista -LRB- known in the WWE is Batista -RRB- seems stronger by comparison in the acting department , mostly because all he has to do is be a tough guy and make threats . This movie is only 85 minutes long and Bautista does n't show up until 45 minutes in so leading off with him first on the cover seems a bit misleading but he has a more imposing presence that looks better out front . Bautista is n't involved for long either , maybe 15 minutes of the film , this is really Rob Van Dam 's movie even though the cover wo n't admit it . Ja Rule is also on the cover for some reason but shows up as one of many goons that try to take Rob Van Dam down late in the movie for about five minutes total.There are so many obvious cliches . The boss has two bald , bearded bikers for henchmen who are as dumb as any stereotype and do n't even check to see if the hero is dead before reporting back . There is an obligatory stripper club scene since they are in the `` wrong side of town '' complete with many topless women and lots of swearing . No wonder the WWE did n't jump up and down to produce this one since it goes against the somewhat family-friendly image they try to promote currently for their young fans.The layout of the story is poor . For example , after an attack the two couples go to the cops and immediately change their mind about being there and ask for a ride home , the only purpose of the visit appears to be so Rob Van Dam can flash his special services badge for the camera . They are sent on their way in a taxi , not a police cruiser so that the driver can be easily corruptible after receiving a text incentive to pull over.Another poor set-up . This smart special forces guy actually goes home while on the run while that would be a good place for the bad guys to lay in wait for him . After a lengthy scene of first aid from his wounds , he finds his daughter has been kidnapped to draw him out ... Since he is at home , he can use all the special forces stuff he wants from his secret stash to come prepared , how dumb can these bad guys be ? They are going after him for no reason since the brother was an idiot and they allow him every opportunity to defeat them if he wants . The `` big surprise '' at the end still does n't change the stupidity of the bad guys.The editing is poor making the action sequences seem slower . Scenes are poorly lit and it messes up the focus on the camera . The shaky handheld cam does not improve matters outside of fight scenes . Two people can be laying still having a conversation and the camera keeps wobbling . What 's worse is that the story is weak , the writing is poor , and the whole thing just feels like some sort of cheap B film , the straight-to-dvd-ness really shines through.Favorite line of the movie after daughter meets Bautista
 This has to be one of the worst of the current `` B '' straight-to-videos ever . The acting was so bad it rates a special grade of its own . Each situation where the good guys were caught looked so predictable and contrived . The action , if it can be termed action , looked as if it had been made up on the spot . Fights were badly staged and clumsy , and since when do opponents sort of stand around waiting for their turn to get whacked ? Our `` hero '' just did n't cut it . The guy just was n't even in the ring . And who wrote that cheesey dialog ? Every cliche ever uttered was here . Please do not let there be WRONG SIDE OF TOWN 2 .
 The movie starred Batista and it showed maybe 15 minuted of him . RVD -LRB- Rob Van Damm -RRB- was in the movie throughout . He was really pretty good . Though the movie was supposed to be Batistas big & 1st breakout movie . I bought it for my 14 year old son and this is basically both of our reviews . Kind of wish it had been a little bit more involved
 this was a VERY LOW BUDGETED film I guessI bought it thinking that Bautista was the main character but only played little parts here & there it was mainly Rob Van Dam . I would n't tell any action film watchers to buy this film . If you wait a bit you 'll find this in Big Lots for sale at 2 - 3 dollars .
 Wrong Side of Town is your typical straight to DVD action flick , with a handful of people cast just to appeal to different audiences.The plot is predictable , and almost identical to the 1985 Schwarzenegger film Commando . Ex-military toughguy leaves the service , gets into it with the wrong guys , and has to rescue his kidnapped daughter . The movie 's dialogue is awkward and tries too hard to be funny , and too many aspects of the plot do n't make any sense.Rob Van Damn , cast as Navy Seal turned landscape architect Bobby Kalinowsky , does a sub-par acting job . Fellow wrestler Dave Batista easily steals the show as Big Ronnie , Kalinowsky 's former war buddy . Batista 's screen presence is simply much better , had he been cast in the lead role instead , I 'd be giving this movie a much higher rating . Despite being front and center on the DVD cover , Batista really does n't get much screen time , which is a shame since he 's easily a more natural actor than most professional wrestlers . Ja Rule and Omarion both landed `` blink and you missed them '' roles in the movie , so if you 're a fan of either , do n't bother watching it just for them.The fight choreagraphy is n't anything special , although the rock score for the film is solid . The only standout fight in the movie is the showdown between Batista 's character and Markus , right-hand man to the film 's bad guy . Markus was played by legit martial artist Marrese Crump , who coincidentally trains Batista in real life -LRB- The hit `` Batista Crump Workout '' is on Youtube -RRB- . Overall , I was disappointed by the story , the dialogue , and by Rob Van Dam 's weak acting . Cast Batista as the lead , cook up an original story with Marrese Crump thrown in the mix , and I 'll gladly review it four or five stars .
 I 'm a pro wrestling mark , but I have to admit that films starring our favorite superstars are a dime a dozen these days . Films * directed * by wrestlers are another matter , but while I 'm glad thatDavid DeFalcoseems to be distancing himself from the exploitation torture porn business , his contribution here means very little . Even with two of the business ' biggest stars in tow , `` Wrong Side of Town '' is a forgettable little action-thriller much in the same vein as a lot of the other dreck I 've recently reviewed . Absolutely nothing special.The plot
 Out on the town with his wife and new neighbors , Bobby -LRB- Rob Van Damme -RRB- relies on his Navy Seal skills to sidestep a knife-wielding , coked-up wannabe named Ethan who falls on his knife . Ethan 's brother just happens to be connected to organized crime . If only he were affiliated with a glee club or performance arts society . A $ 100K hit is placed on RVD 's head , mostly for his poor acting ... and not being JCVD.Expecting great acting from a film that has a wrestler as the lead is unfair . And to be quite honest , he 's not really that bad all things considered . Probably on par with Keanu Reeves . Either way , RVD and Batista still do a better job than Ja Rule and Omarion . Besides , it 's the action that actually bugs me . The filming and lighting do n't help ; the combination accentuates the worst aspects of the poorly staged fights , making the moves look like fight scenes from The Warriors . But without the roller skates , makeup , and baseball bats . Choppy choreography , can you dig it ? Can.You.Dig.Iiiit !? Wrong Side of Town is quintessential bargain bin fare . Aside from one strip club scene , this is recommended only for wrestling fanatics.Jason Elin
 Rob Van Dam -LRB- RVD -RRB- plays Bobby , a landscape architect & former Navy Seal , living with a wife & teenage daughter . When Bobby & his wife decide to go out to a nightclub with the new neighbors , he runs into trouble after accidently killing a man who attempted to rape his wife ... a man who happens to be the brother of a mob boss who 's blames Bobby for the death & decided to put a $ 100,000 bounty on him . Throughout the night , Bobby encounters so many groups of people looking to collect the bounty -LRB- including characters played by R&B ; artist Omarion , rap artist Ja Rule , and former WWE wrestler Nelson `` Mabel/Viscera/Big Daddy V '' Frazier -RRB- along with various people who are n't completely trustworthy from a crooked cop to his former friend -LRB- WWE wrestler Dave `` Batista '' Bautista -RRB- but when it gets too personal with his daughter being kidnapped , Bobby goes from being the hunted to the hunter.This is one of those low budget action movies where the plot itself was very simple & something the average person can understand . The acting is n't much -LRB- RVD & Dave Bautista pretty much played their `` wrestling '' characters -RRB- . The action here was martial arts based as RVD did have various fight scenes against multiple men throughout the film while Bautista did have the only one-on-one fight -LRB- and the best fight -RRB- in the whole movie ... and for his WWE fans , you 'll see some actions that he 's done in the ring as well . It should be made clear thought that RVD is the star of this movie with the other appearences in the movie from those heavily advertised are n't much as Bautista appears for maybe 15 mins . total while Omarion & Ja Rule 's appearences are around 5 minutes each.DVD extras include RVD talking about his experience on the set & the stunts , quick interviews with various members of the cast , movie trailer , and footage of training for the fight scens featuring Bautista . In the end , this movie was about as good as you expected a low budget movie to be that heavily relied on various names from different venues -LRB- wrestling & urban music -RRB- to carry the movie than actors . This is n't a bad movie to the point where you want to shoot yourself in the head afterwards but also not worth going out of your way to see so I recommend for a rental if you have nothing else better to do for an hour & a half .
 As for the rating I give it 2 and a half stars.Wrong Side of Town is another low budget movie that suffers from bad acting , writing , bad choice of actors.The film takes place in Louisiana.The dvd cover is exrtemely false advertising.Dave Bautista has about 3 or 4 scenes in the movie , and he is not the lead actor but supporting.Rob Van Dam is the protagonist.He is known for his wrestling career and other B movies he has made in the past like Superfights , Bloodmoon , Xfiles episode.Ja rule has only one scene in the movie.His hiphop career as well as his acting career has also faded into obscurity.Omarion is also listed as well like he 's a big part of the story.Not to spoil anything he also has one scene in the movie playing a thug.As far as the action is pretty descent.The Budget for this movie was 1,500,000 so you really cant blame it.It has some funny B rated scenes , language , hot chicks and some nice boobie shots.The fight scenes have some good Rock music so it went well in sync.Dave Bautista has a pretty good fight with an unknown martial artist thats half his size.His name is Marrece Crump.So far his career is looking good so far he 's to star in the next Protector movie with Tony Jaa , so Kudos to him .
 By the looks of the cover you would think Bautista is the main character ... WRONG ... the acting in this film is absolutely horrific !! I had such high hopes for this movie . Within the first 5 mins I knew I should n't have even wasted the money ... the acting is that bad . Although we laughed a lot because it was so predictable and bad . I would n't waste the time or money .
 i have seen a lot of movies , a lot . And this is without a doubt THE worst movie i have ever seen . Its so bad that you will laugh out loud and either throw the dvd out the window or want to watch the end to see if it gets any worse , however theres a guy called marese -LRB- the black martial arts guy -RRB- who made it acceptable to watch till the end . The weirdest part -LRB- and there are many -RRB- is when batista is hold 2 uzi 's that look like babies toys.all in all this movie sucks
 Dreary Tripe , the only good thing about this movie is the cast.Historically inaccurate as far as armour goes , and Ray Charles could have see that the location is Spain and not England .
 I love the story of Robin Hood . So much so , that I have watched just about every rendition of it . This one is aweful . Robin comes home an old man to his equally older Maid Marian.He apparently had very little concern for her seeing as he never bothered to come home to claim her . In my opinion , she should have married someone else , but instead she became a nun.Oh , that 's romantic.And finally , at the end of the movie , she poisons them both . Hello ... that is just depressing . If she ca n't have the rest of his life , then they might as well go out together . I will concede that this is fresh new take on a very old story , but come on ... . where is the joy ? All there was to take away from this movie was sadness .
 Most of the other reviews are terrible , i.e. , this is really a useless love story . Robin is an ultra-violent lair , the maid is lustful and loose , and everyone else in this film is vulgar and irreverent ! My wife left after 30 minutes . I did n't last much longer . The DVD went into the trash ... For most of you out there , do n't bother .
 I LIKE ROBIN HOOD MOVIES , I KNOW IT IS ONE OF THE WORST , ANDI MEAN THE WORST ONE I HAVE EVER SEEN , I WISH I HAD MY MONEYBACK .
 I am a big Audrey Hepburn fan , but this movie was no her best . I felt that the action was not very realisctic ; you could tell that the swords were ruber . I felt that the ending was weak . I think that it would be good to rent or something but I would n't suggest owning it . : -LRB-
 The cast is great ! Not sure how they got the stars to do this movie The story line about an aging Robin Hood and Maid Marian as a nun just does n't do well . Filming is below standard and dialogue is weak . Save your money
 Pompous . Boring . Contrived.This movie is not at all what it promised . If you want to see an over-the-hill rebel fight `` city hall '' and try to romance a post-menopausal woman , go for Bridges of Madison CountyThis is the movie that enabled that ghastly Kevin Costner film.For Robin Hood , stick with Errol Flynn or the BBC . Connery does n't do well in sword movies ...
 I think people watch this for the idea & the actors in it . And I do n't doubt that the story as given captures some angst of middle-ageyness . But is that really want you want in a Robin Hood movie ? Personally , I found myself wondering when the story was going to begin , and finally gave up waiting . This therefore can not be regarded as a fair review , but really
 Audrey looks beautiful and does a great job ; Connery , Shaw , Williamson and the rest are terrific ; but the plot is very slow and , as my husband said , `` has holes that you could drive a truck through . '' There are too many long , tedious sword fights and too many long gallops across the English countryside with romantic music playing . And the ending was a little too corny , even for romantics like me . Better than Audrey 's `` Paris When it Sizzles , '' but still not her best .
 Robin Hood . Sean Connery . Maid Marian . Audrey Hepburn . The Sheriff of Nottingham . Robert Shaw . Music . John Barry.If you think this sounds like the perfect mixture for a classic film , think again.Despite having so many things going for it , Robin and Marian ends up being nothing more than a typical 70 's action movie.Typical 70 's ending . Everybody dies . Typical rating , PG . Despite the fact that this film contains harsh profanity -LRB- mostly religious -RRB- , sexual situations , bloody violence , and brief male nudity.In other words , not a family movie ... Not even a movie for adults.Deliriously slow . Lacks excitement and a good script . Despite good performances from its lead stars this film lacks.Not a total let down , but not worth a spot on my shelf .
 It did n't work so I returned it -LRB- at my own expense -RRB- VERY DISAPPOINTING!I 'm not reviewing the movie-I never saw it - but the service provided .
 This movie started out great in my opinion . Robin aand his friends are reunited after 20 years ' time . We see King John and King Richard -LRB- Shown To Be Utterly Ruthless & Perhaps Insane As He Was In Real Life -RRB- . Then somewhere after the halfway point it takes a complete right turn with Robin going out to meet the Sheriff in battle in the open fields !! Why would Robin do that ? No , he would never agree to challenge someone in champion fighting . Even if he won , there would be no guarantee the second in command would follow the orders of the Sheriff . So there would be nothing to gain and everything to lose . Which is what happened in the end.Maid Marian poisoning Robin ?! No way . I was shocked to see this and angered . Robin should have gone out in combat , not at the hand of a lovesick women who wanted him all to herself . This was nothing but a murdur suicide and I ca n't believe the majority of reviewers liked this flick . I did n't . Had the ending been different this movie would have garnered Four Stars . As it stands , I give it Two Stars for the great production and remarkable fight scenes . Although I did notice the cameras go out of focus in a few close up shots . That no doubt is from the limitations of the technology at the time.I do not recommend this movie . Even the dreadful Robin Hood
 I grew up watching Tom and Jerry and I could n't get through the first 15 minutes of it . I love the old time Tom and Jerry 's when the music spoke for what was happening in the cartoon . This would probably be a good one for little kids that are n't very familiar with the way the older cartoons are .
 Dominick Dunne-level scrutiny should have been accorded to Dominick Dunne . This study is just a series of interviews with Dominick Dunne who is a consummate fiction writer and poseur.Sure , there is a little bit of `` dirt '' provided by his estranged son the film guy Griffin Dunne , and by Joan Didion , his sister in law.However , they were just little sound bites . There is no real analysis . There is not even real interest in getting at the truth of this carefully composed , self-conscious artiste . It 's mostly common knowledge that 's presented , what anyone who read his Vanity Fair columns would know . Nothing is added by this program.It 's a tv movie quality bio pic . It could have been so much more . The true story has not yet been told .
 Perhaps I 'm too accustomed to the product that Criterion puts out and simply expected too much from this.The image and audio quality of these DVD 's is horrible.They are full of Jump cuts , scratches , dirt , mangled frames , bad contrast and audio that warbles , cuts out and is inaudible . .16 mm classroom documentaries are better quality.I purchased this product to quickly digest the genre , so it 's a bit of an academic exersize for me and I 'm living with these atrocious transfers.However I do not recommend these DVDs if you are at all interested in even a basic quality movie viewing experience .
 Large number of classics but not worth $ 30 . Picture and sound quality very por . Do not recommend . I gave my away .
 `` Tart '' is a good illustration of the old the Yogi Berra saying
 For the first time in reviewing films , I found myself immediately uninterested in this story . I do n't know if it was the way that it was filmed or the story behind the characters , but it felt bland , overused , and completely unoriginal . Within the first thirty minutes , I found myself rather apathetic with all the characters and the story . I felt as if I had seen this structure before , and Tart was providing nothing new to surprise me . After thinking that it may just be my mood , I stopped the film and chose to start it fresh in the morning , but the same feeling persisted . I just did n't care . That is not a good sign . The characters were bland . When I say bland , I literally mean that by watching them develop , you will never have any flavor hit your palate . The story seemed recycled , nearly to the point of plagiarism . Now , I am not saying that Christina Wayne stole this story , but she added nothing fresh to the perspective . The casting was horrid , the underlying symbolism and themes were so far lost that no critic could find them -LRB- nor the characters -RRB- , and the stories were vague and sloppy . You knew nothing about anyone or anything , and instead of pushing more emphasis on the characters , we instead found ourselves with drugs , minor sex , and money pushed into our faces . These are themes we have seen in every film since the dawn of film time , yet somehow could not be creatively captured by Wayne.What immediately pulled me away from this story ? It was mainly the characters . I have seen most of Brad Renfro 's work , and honestly he needs to redefine himself . Director Larry Clark has defined him , and oddly he can not get out of that stereotypical character . Within the first twenty minutes of Renfro 's screen time I was bored . I knew exactly what he was trying to portray and why . It was spectacular nor impressive , just repetitive . He needed to bring some excitement or suspense to his role , instead of just blandly playing this random socialite . Without a strong character , the final climax of this film comes instead as a letdown . Renfro did not showcase the best of his abilities in this film . While I am on the subject ... nobody showcased the best of their abilities . What is going on with Dominique Swain , outside of Lolita , I do n't believe she has really emerged as an actress , and following-up with roles such as Cat Storm does n't help . Bijou Phillips was the only actress that I witnessed actually try to bring something remarkable to the screen , sadly due to everyone else 's horrid acting , she was lost . Rambling here and there , and honestly nearly forgotten about during the second act . Melanie Griffith was a pointless cast and most of this film 's budget probably went to her TWO scenes that she was in . Maybe the rest of it went to the random guy from The Kids in the Hall , who desperately needs to place himself far away from this project.My biggest problem , outside of the acting , was the pacing of this film . Nothing , and this is hard for me to say , but nothing gelled together . There were so many sub-stories happening throughout the course of the film that no actual substance was formed . The robberies , the teenage `` angst and woe '' , the wealthy socialites learning how horrible real life is , the random Kids in the Hall guy , and even the ending just felt rushed and horribly edited together . With this shoddy craftsmanship the whole story never really formed any true shape . Family structures were never defined , characters were never given any emotion , and all we are left with are bits and pieces of honest leftovers . Wayne did not complete the task at hand.While I hate to put the entire burden on the director , with this film I am left with little choice . With a horrid title that just screamed the complete opposite of what this film was about , with amateurish directional ability the cast pretty much was able to give every emotion in every scenes , leaving us with disgusting acting and poor developments , and with vague storytelling it is hard to place any `` good '' behind Tart . This was a film I had heard nothing about , and after viewing it I can see why . All Wayne has done with this film is random take excerpts from other films that have done a better job of defining all the elements above and cut all together to make the film Tart . It is hard for me to say this , but Wayne ruined this film . While I do n't believe there was much to fully take from the story , any remaining elements of excitement were drained as Wayne took the helm . While most of the time you can credit some of the story , perhaps strong acting , or even the music , in Tart you can credit nothing . From the opening sequence until the end , I felt like I was swimming through very lumpy oatmeal . No consistency , no strength.Overall , this film is a waste of your time . If you are searching for some deep symbolic elements or possibly some banter on our society , you will not find it in this film . While I know that was what Wayne was attempting to show , the final product seems like it was edited on an Etch-a-Sketch . It was an embarrassing film to sit through , and encourage nobody to pick it up . Wayne threw to the wind all the teachings of her Columbia University education and destroyed two hours of my life . Avoid at all costs!Grade
 This must be the worst movie I have ever seen . And I 've seen a fair amount of bad movies . Every single relationship or situation was completely unrealistic and was made even more excruciating by some of the worst lines and worst deliveries I HAVE EVER SEEN . The premise
 The concept of the movie was intelligent , but the concept was wasted on horrible acting and not a very good script or well enough developed plot . I rented the movie because Mischa Barton was in it , and it looked like it was interesting . Well , there 's a reason this movie is n't all that widely known . I wish the concept was saved for good actors and a good script who could 've made the movie really hit home . It is a movie people can relate to , and it is good in a satirical sense - but if the creators were not trying to make a satire , wow it sucks more than i thought . Teenage girls can relate because it 's a movie about finding yourself , but it could 've been done in a much better way .
 The title of this review says it all . I rented this because I picked up the wrong tape in the store and watched it because I had nothing else to do . What a mistake ! The characters are simplistic , the plot twisted and confusing -LRB- but not in a cool way , more of a `` I do n't know how to write a screenplay '' way -RRB- , and the relationships nonsensical and unrealistic . It was excruciatingly long , pretensious , and melodramatic . The few funny moments are almost camp , and the acting is sub-par at best . Please save yourself the money and avoid this movie like the plague .
 This movie was a waste of my time and money . Everyone hyped it up to be the next `` KIDS '' and it did n't even come close . Bijou Phillips appears in the movie for like a total of 10mins . Good performance from her though . I guess Renfro enjoys playing dopey roles . Mischa Barton was disappointing . She 's a great actress but not in this film . Swain needs to get some good roles instead of playing love-sick girls who mope around all the time . The ending of the movie makes no sense and does n't even fit the storyline . If you 're looking for a similiar but better film , try the drama `` Kids '' or the comedy `` Coming Soon '' .
 In my opinion , The main reason for watching this is to see Lacy Chabert . She smoked in Mean Girls , which is what lead me to this Film . Seeing the Names Dominique Swain -LRB- Pumpkin and Lolita , of which I have seen both and own the latter -RRB- and Melanie Griffith made me think perhaps it would be a keeper , as it was compared to Mean Girls With Lindsay Lohan . In mean Girls , Lacy still delivers the punch and smokes Lindsay as for as ` hotness ' . But no the film was little more than a Reprisal of Lolita , with the poor parts of Mean Girls for a plot and not even the good Graces of or sweetness of Mean Girls . Of all the characters played , the only two who were not two dimensional like a cardboard silhouette script was Lacy and Melanie . Melanie did another ` alcoholic mother being abused by the family ' . Dominique is her normal two dimensional self , sliding around moral points that should be shipwrecks , not flips of the pages on the script . In the end , you really do n't feel sorry for anyone , at all.But Lacy is smoking hot , and totally believable if a bit shallow , but still tries to do right , you get the happiness is real in her family . If you get it cheap enough , it might be worth a watching or two For Lacy , Best Viewed while making in another until Lacy shows up .
 I like granny smith apples . I like lemons . When I was a little kid I used to like to eat lots of sweet tarts . There 's something pleasurable of puckering up my lips after eating something very tart . That 's why it saddens me to say that I HATE TART . What a horribly bad film!What happened to Dominique Swain ? After turns in the big budget FACE/OFF and then the provocative if flawed LOLITA , I think she decided to make only straight to video films . In TART she plays Kat Storm , a middle class girl in a rich man 's world . She hates her mother -LRB- Alberta Watson , Hedwig and the Angry Inch -RRB- her little brother -LRB- Myles Jeffrey , FACE/OFF -RRB- is a hypochondriac . Her family used to be wealthy Park Avenue residents , then her parents got divorced . Kat 's father -LRB- Michael Murphy -RRB- a restaurateur has hit hard times . So to make this subtle point , just about every time we see her front door , repo-men are taking something out.Kat attends a high-class private school for girls . After her best friend Delilah -LRB- Bijou Phillips , Black and White -RRB- is kicked out of school for drugs . Kat makes some new friends , she falls for William -LRB- Brad Renfro , Bully -RRB- a nice guy with a troubled family and then she realizes it 's all a sham . Her friends suck , William is a drug addict and his dad beats his mom . Kat want to fix everything , so she runs off to the Hamptons . That 's when the film crashes to it conclusion , I never would have guessed what was gon na happen , but by the end did n't care.First time director Christina Wayne tries very hard to make an interesting film . Too bad it fails miserably . Everything feels forced . The film re-emphasizes points it has already made enough , and then leaves guessing on plot ideas that seem much more important . But maybe they only seem important because we as an audience are confused about them . It also has one of the most pointless voice-overs in film history , and uses every film-school clich&eacute; in the book.This 90-minute film is so clunky it feels longer than that . It present characters whom start to grate on you . Maybe it 's because the story is so mundane . Maybe because the screenplay has n't found that balance of character development , and plot structure . The film does n't work.The only bright spot in this film is Lacey Chabert -LRB- Party of Five -RRB- who 's character is the one with a little dimension . You actually feel bad for her , and yet she keeps her dignity . Too , bad the movie did n't give us more from her.I 'd stay away from TART .
 From the cover , this movie looked like a fun mixture of Cruel Intentions and Metropolitan . No such luck . I think the biggest problem in this movie was the script -- the writing was so bad that it was actually painful to listen to the dialogue . Though there are some normally fine actors in this cast , it would have been impossible to triumph over the poor script , and the cast as a whole seemed strangely void of emotion , except for a few moments of melodrama . I found myself hating even the characters we were supposed to sympathize with . Delilah , who is supposed to be the `` fun , crazy '' outsider , simply disgusted me with her actions at the movie 's central party . Even the art direction in this movie was strange -- many pivotal scenes in the movie were shot from very far away . The strangeness of this movie is not intentional , it 's just lack of skill . Stay away .
 This movie was terrible ! the writing was atrocious and cliched , the character development non-existant , and the ending so vomit inducing it could have been ipecac .
 This is an OK movie , but it could have been a lot better . I watched this movie because I am a fan of Brad Renfro and Dominique Swain . Renfro 's acting is quite good as usual in Tart and he is very believable in his role as a popular but troubled teenager . Dominique Swain however is mediocre and does n't display her true acting talents . Melanie Griffith is credited on the movie case , but her total screen time is merely 20secs -LRB- I 'm not kidding ! -RRB- . Tart is a movie that is targeted for the same audience as movies such as ` Cruel Intentions ' . The DVD lacks any extra features -LRB- except for a 3min trailer -RRB- . Rent the movie from a video store before you choose to buy it .
 tart is a poorly writen movie that is a waste of some of the best young actors . the script gives us no reason to like anyone in this film , making it an endurence test to watch it all the way through . swain who was interisting in lolita is just nothing here , phillips , who is entertaining usually , is just a paper cut out of a person . and mischa barton , who has always held my attention when on screen , even in bad , poorly written movies , could n't even hold my interest in this film
 The premise of the movie sounded pretty interesting . Unfortunately , I was wrong . I decided to give it a chance , even when it got boring . It 's not that I have a problem with kids on drugs and having sex , it 's that I have seen this movie before , and it 's called `` Bully . '' -LRB- Not only because of the repeated actors and actresses , Bijou Phillips and Brad Renfro , but because of the repeated subject matter -RRB- Plus , if that was the kind of movie it was going to be , that would have been fine , but it was almost as if it was trying to be deep with the internal monologue of the main character . Yuck . Be what you are . The writing was bad and completely unrealistic ... I just felt like the characters were n't developed enough , and if the scene actually started to produce something good , it never went anywhere . Blah . The End
 I thoroughly enjoyed Domonique Swain in Lolita , and some of her other small parts . I despised this movie . The story line was incomplete , the importance of certain parts exaggerated -LRB- or unexplained -RRB- , and the plot non-existent ... So many things leave you with a complete blank . I enjoyed the performance of Bijou Phillips , and that was about it . By the end , when you are expecting SOMETHING significant to explain so many things , it ends . No great loss . By the time it ends , I was completely ready for the torture to stop . Yech !
 The only thing that kept this movie afloat was Miss Swain 's beauty . I never get tired of looking at her . But the acting and characters in this movie were atrocious . Robots are seen instead of characters with depth -- it 's so hard to develop any feelings for these people . And you know what that leads to ... you cheer for their demise . -LRB- Like in that other Dominique Swain movie - The Smokers . -RRB- In a movie with little substance , you have to flaunt what you got , thus Melanie Griffith 's name headlines with the others even though she only makes a 7 second cameo ! So , I give this movie one star for existing and one star for Swain 's pretty face .
 The only reason I rented this to start with was on the count of Dominique Swain . I knew ahead of time about all the bad reviews & negative feedback , but I wanted to give it a shot anyway.NO . . It is definitely not even in the margin of the best 200 Films you 've ever seen , but it is n't THAT horrible . I thought Swain did very well in it . All of her actions in the film seemed real and justified . I agree some parts throughout the core of the movie made no sense , and made you wonder `` Why was that even in there , or that does n't even relate to anything in the story '' . But , there were a couple of good moments ... the beginning & the end . -LRB- You will understand what I mean , if you 've watched this film -RRB- . I wo n't give it more than 1 and a half stars/2 stars , but I wo n't say watching this was a complete waste . -LRB- As for the other actors-Melanie Griffiths part was almost merely a cameo , Mischa Barton did Ok , Lacey Chabert was her usual self , and Bijou Phillips was fair ... But this definitely was one of Brad Renfro 's worst . -RRB-
 This movie looked like it had potential in the begining . The cast list looked great . I kept waiting and waiting for something to happen and it never did . It went nowhere . There was no plot , no story , nothing .
 I admit I did n't make it to the end of Grotesque , but according to what I heard and read about the finish it continues as expected . And although I only watched like half of it , it 's one of the very few movies I would `` unsee '' if possible.The usual gore and splatter movies provide an atmosphere of suspense with peaks that make you flinch , cringe or scream for a second . But this movie is not a splatter or gore in the usual sense , it 's more like a gore porn , meaning whatever feeble excuse of a storyline there may be can not hide the fact that this is solely made to satisfy a desire for something I 'd rather not think about too intensely . It 's a continuous orgy of the ugliest and most inhuman torture including maiming , disemboweling , mutilating , ... So unless your amygdala is n't functioning properly and you score really high in the psychopath test , this movie will be a permanent cringe and thus rather unpleasant to watch.Still there is one thing I found admirable and that 's the musical score by Kazuo Sato which is one of the most disturbing I 've ever heard and in my opinion unfortunately wasted on something so utterly awful . So my star goes solely to Mr. Sato , well done .
 This movie is just dumb . Some weirdo kidnaps and tortures some poor couple . He cuts off various body parts and what-not . She pee 's . This movie is just dumb and boring and dumb ... did I mention dumb ? Do not buy or rent . This is not shocking or amazing or anything , it 's just dumb . Two thumbs down ... And I typically love japanese -LRB- Tokyo Shock -RRB- cinema , but this was just poor .
 This movie had the potential to be grotesque but unfortunately did n't quite cut it with the special effects . It had some mildly erotic moments but just did n't make it as a horror movie . If the actors had been Muppets in stead it could have been a killer comedy .
 A Japanese entry into the torture porn genre is more graphic yet at the same time less powerful -LRB- not to mention entertaining -RRB- than similar Western movies , like Saw , Hostel or a Serbian Film . A psycho who dresses as a doctor -LRB- and strongly resembles a young Takeshi Kitano -RRB- kidnaps a young couple and subjects them to all sort of degrading tortures . There is at least one powerful erotic scene as the captor fondles the bound captive girl genitals during several minutes . And there is an outrageous ending that resembles the ending of some of Takashi Miike 's films . But for most of the time , I found this film pretty dull .
 Yes , it 's sad that hateful words were spray painted on the VW , but this documentary was pretty bad . Mr. MVP and I agreed it was all about Erin 's search for her 15 minutes of fame and she seemed to be really enjoying herself . At the point when the graffiti had been removed from the window and Erin actually reapplied it , that was when she lost both of us . This is the real world , fix the car , move on with life and make a dent in the world by donating time to established causes . -LRB- Hulu I think has this as a free watch instead of buying a copy . -RRB-
 This set of `` Hunter '' included my favorite episode , ` The Cradle Will Rock ' , guest starring Chaka Khan . I was very disappointed to find out these are the syndicated episodes and not the full and complete episodes that originally aired on NBC . Therefore , some of the scenes have been edited out of several of the episodes .
 When a fairy tale resonates enough to be told and retold over several centuries , as many of Charles Perrault 's folktale adaptations have , one must presume them to hold a certain quality that transcends the typical story . Bluebeard , for instance , being so dark and laced with such innate fears , would perhaps qualify for a modern spin . Times indeed have changed somewhat since Perrault first set word to page , and though Bluebeard has been adapted many times since , there 's always room for a new version , that 's part of the beauty of a folk tale is n't it ? That spin that 's added over time?Director Catherine Briellat 's version achieves only in flattening out the depth in the tale , of leaching the fear from the characters , and washing over the cinematic pallet with cheap Hal loween style costumes and reused sets . Yes , yes , I see that perhaps the ` staged ' quality of the Bluebeard story within a story -LRB- two little girls are actually reading the book in the 50s -RRB- may imply that it is ` constructed ' within the mind - a fiction . And yes , I get that the cheap costumes may serve metaphorically to emphasis that riches are only on the surface , and that this ` rags ' to ` riches ' tale is a trap . And finally , yes , I see that perhaps the reusing of the sets may imply that the lead - Bluebeard 's young wife - really does n't get anywhere , her journey is stagnated . Alas , the potential for metaphor is bursting from this over-ripe fruit in place of flavor and emotion.The two tales , that of Bluebeard in its Renaissance Fair setting , and the sisters reading the story in their treasure trove attic , are oddly disconnected . While the four young girls are charming enough to carry a well directed film , here they seem to just be doing there own thing , just with memorized lines . Only the long still shots work in this film . So much so that as images in a story book , a selection of well staged shots might serve Briellat better . When run together as a film , it 's a mess.With all the negativity aside , I 've seen worse films . I do think this film has a few things going for it , though perhaps not intentionally so . I was deeply engaged as I watched , trying to piece together something that ultimately was not there , but anytime a film engages you , it stands to some degree above others that do not . Perhaps others may find more here than I , but I ca n't recommend .
 Yes , I only gave this two stars . However , to give this film it 's due , it was beautifully costumed , scripted , and acted . BUT , and there is a big BUT , there is an unsettling ending to this film , that I 'll not reveal , however , in fairness to this film , being based on the fairy tale Bluebeard ... perhaps I should have expected it .
 The known fairy tale but with some good dose of ugliness , and cruelty . We know that the fairy tale too is cruel but the covered cruelty in this film is unbelievable . Mothers do n't make the mistake to show this film to your kids . They will loose even the rest of tenderness -LRB- through fairy tales if they read some -RRB- , our time has left for them !!!
 I read the other reviews . I saw nothing hillarious or edgy about this really dull film that could easily have been made a short , rather than a feature.It 's two stories in one . On one hand are two young sisters , one reading to the other the ` horror ' story of Bluebeard . The other story is that tale acted out.Two other sisters are kicked out of a convent-school because their father has died . Impoverished one marries Bluebeard the local lord who has a reputation of killing all his wives a year after the marriage.Of course one would marry him ! That 's one of the dumb story elements . The other is that Bluebeard leaves his young bride , gives her keys to all the rooms in the castle , including one room he forbids her to go into.She goes in , and there 's the bodies of his previous wives . He returns and has to kill her . And here 's the next dumb plot - it 's very wordy French film at its worse as she accepts that she 'll die , but asks for time to prepare - really to go to the tower and just happens to be able to signal passers-by . He goes to kill her but she asks to be killed in her wedding dress . He allows this . And so on . Other pleas for another delay.It just got so tedious . Nothing really happens the whole film
 Please be forewarned ! This DVD is NOT Rated , but it contains `` pervasive violence , & explicit language and subject matter not suitable for children under 17 .
 Probably the worst thing I 've watched all year . No scratch that `` EVER ' ! I love gangster movies , watch em all the time . But this is just a sad unbearably attempt to be a gangster movie . I could n't even make it through the first 30 minutes before I dosed off . Actors are the worst , story-line is weak , and the scene where the father goes to jail made me sick . So fake and unbelievably . Disappointing since I like most the Rappers in it .
 Awesome soundtrack . Odd story . The preview looked funny , but there were just a few &#34; good parts &#34; . Tried hard to enjoy this movie , but it just did n't click .
 I do n't know why I rented this . I thought it was perverted & cruel . Maybe you liked it , I did not and thus cant recommend it . Sorry white trash fans
 The ending of the movie had an interesting twist and tied up some lose ends making this movie not completely a waste of time . However , between the first hour leaving everything to be desired and the middle being an utterly ridiculous series of events without any real meaning , this movie leaves a lot to be desired . Actors all did a good job portraying what the movie had to offer , the script just offered little . It took me three sittings to get through this one .
 HESHER -LRB- 2011 , 105 minutes -RRB- must be one of the most confusing , angering , revolting films I have ever suffered . While it had moments of comic brilliance , it does n't quite explain what this was supposed to mean.The title character -LRB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- seems to have no actual name aside from Hesher , comes from nowhere and must be one of the most awful characters I have ever seen onscreen or in real life . A violent , angry , destructive hippy , Hesher intrudes on the life of young TJ -LRB- a fantastically talented Devin Brochu -RRB- who is suffering deeply from the death of his mother.TJ 's father Paul -LRB- an unusual dramatic turn by Rainn Wilson -RRB- is too crippled by depression to do much of anything - thus begins the ` anarchic fun ' when Hesher suddenly moves into their garage . While this is mostly Joseph Gordon-Levitt being disgusting and occasionally profound , there are sparkling moments offered by the promising young Devin Brochu.The trouble is , this film goes absolutely nowhere very slowly . Cheap emotional shots meant to semi-cripple the audience give way to some of the most foul language I have heard in my life . It reminded me of some people I used to know and hate back in the day . Even worse , it led nowhere , carried no message , put an innocent -LRB- Brochu -RRB- in an indecent light , and seemed designed only to offend again and again . The real tragedy here is the emotional manipulation of the audience was either the result of a director on acid or the most horribly jaded , stupid production team in history.Perhaps I missed a point in this - I do not actually care when I consider what this lousy excuse for a movie made me endure . All I can remark is that every once in a while I suffer through the worst films so I can review them and warn the audience.So ... consider yourselves duly warned .
 I purchased this movie based on actors involved . Not one of their best by any means . I love independent films but this was just mediocre .
 Whenever I hear about a group of critics giving high praise to a movie I immediately am fearful that the movie will be terrible . Most critics tend to look at the `` artistic '' merit of a film and toss out the entire idea that it should be entertaining . Some go so far as to feel that if a movie entertains it has failed in its mission to articulate some big idea . These same critics fail to realize that most people plopping down anywhere from $ 5 to $ 10 to see a movie or even $ 1 to rent it want something for their money and most want to be entertained . So it was I was concerned when I read high praise for the movie HESHER . Still , I wanted to see it for myself.I 'll start by saying there were things I liked about HESHER and there were things I hated about it . Did it entertain ? In some ways , yes but for the most part it just seemed determined to either offend or show those who would be offended just how uncool they really are . Call me square I guess.Devin Brochu stars as young T.J. , a boy dealing with the loss of his mother . We do n't discover this for sure until later in the film but in having him race his bike chasing a crashed car being towed away you kind of figure it out early on . T.J. is n't the only one having trouble dealing with the loss . His father Paul -LRB- Rainn Wilson -RRB- tends to sit around the house , deep into anti-depressants and doing very little . Only T.J. 's grandmother -LRB- Piper Laurie -RRB- seems to have any life left in her and she 's much older than she acts.T.J . seems to find himself in trouble most of the time , especially at school . It 's there he runs afoul of the school bully , a youngster who works at the junkyard where T.J. 's crashed family car was taken . Avoiding this bully , T.J. ends up at a housing project and in an act of anger tosses a rock through a window of a house being built . Before he can toss another , out walks a straggly looking vagrant who we learn later is named Hesher -LRB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- . When security shows , Hesher tosses a grenade their way after informing T.J. that T.J. screwed him over.Later T.J. sees the same black van Hesher was driving following him , eventually stopping in front of his house . Turning from the window , T.J. finds Hesher in his living room , apparently squatting there now since his last `` home '' was taken away . The oddest thing is that no one seems to tell Hesher he has to leave except T.J. who is threatened.Life goes on this way with Hesher witness to all sorts of violent acts against T.J. . He never steps in as they occur , but he does later doing things like setting the school bully 's car on fire . It 's Hesher 's way of forcing T.J. to stand up for himself but at the same time shows nothing less than total anarchy . But that 's Hesher 's character , one who lives for the moment and for the most part thinks only of himself . But not always.T.J . eventually befriends a young woman named Nicole -LRB- Natalie Portman -RRB- who works as a clerk at the local grocery store . For some reason he connects with her , using her as a substitute for his deceased mother . Their friendship grows but seems just as odd as his strange friendship with Hesher . A later betrayal in T.J. 's eyes leads the two to part ways with the hope of it ending better before the final reel.The movie crawls along at a steady yet slow seeming pace with little to find attractive in it . Everything has a murky brown , cluttered feel to it . And while you feel an amount of sympathy for the lead characters , you eventually just want to yell get on with it . Hesher , the anti-hero we should be thrilled to root for just seems like a malcontent who helps people only when it benefits himself.I read someone say that this felt like an update of SHANE . I disagree . In that film we had a lawbreaker who lived with his gun that came along and helped a family find themselves . In this one we have a lawbreaker more inclined to fit the Jack Palance character in SHANE , the evil gunslinger who lived only for himself.There is one thing to like in this film and that 's the acting . Brochu turns in a fine performance for a young actor , but it would have been nice to see him do more than scream . They even reference that in the gag reel included in the special section . I think Rainn Wilson is a terrific actor , but he 's wasted here doing little more than look pained and depressed from start to finish . Levitt is the one to watch here . Remembering him when he was a child star and seeing him develop into an actor worth watching is remarkable.So if the acting was the best thing what was the worst ? The script . To me it 's becoming clich&eacute; to portray the world as one big cesspool , an ugly place where nothing but ugly things happen . The script also uses what I consider to be the laziest thing possible , using vulgar language for shock value . To hear Hesher talk to T.J. about using various appendages and inserting them into various orifices is n't funny , amusing or helps develop the character though I 'm sure many will think it does . To me it just gets in the way of the story and when used as often as it is here it distracts rather than helps . I 've been known to toss out an expletive a time or two , but here it was n't needed.The other bad item is Natalie Portman being completely wasted here . Her part seems like more of a cameo than an honest role . One scene becomes crucial to the development of T.J. 's life , but other than that her part could have been phoned in.So on the whole while I enjoyed the performances of some of the cast , I felt that this movie lacked in far too many areas . The rebel without a clue idea has been done better and has been overused . The ideas of what makes a character the cool one here has nothing to do with values and everything to do with self satisfaction . And in the end this film commits the worst mistake of not being entertaining .
 Not sure what others saw in this film . Pretty depressing , not realistic and I hated the Hesher character . Save your money and rent something more uplifting like the new Xman movie .
 My Reasoning = NO character depth
 This film was far from `` refreshing '' . What ever happened to the decent things in life ? Hesher had a very BIG filthy mouth and so did the boy , therefore taking away any lesson there was to learn in this film ... except how to have a filthy mouth and be violent . How sad . This film just gives people bad ideas of how to act ! Nothing they did was exceptable . There are better ways to let of steam . Just walking into someone 's home and making YOURSELF at home ... give me a break ! Hesher was filthy and discusting . This was a very depressing movie . A waste of time .
 This movie was ugly . Not only was the vocabulary ugly and disgusting , but the characters were empty , losers . What was the point ? Depressing.If there are really people like that on earth , the human race is lost and I do n't want to know .
 I rented this because of the all star cast . Mistake . But it proves my point about the miscomunication of Hollywood and viewers . Hollywood tries to tell dark stories that are supposed to imitate life and in the end teach a lesson ; but most viewers , not all , see films as something to be imitated and so they go around cursing ; and thus the movie makers imitate `` life '' by making bad movies , and the vicious circle continues.But this film was especially heinous because it allowed the main star , only nine or ten or so , to say and experience nothing less than every foul word and obscene gesture in the book . If this HAD been real life , the child protective services would have been paratrooping down from above from their paranoid pink helicopters , and been yelling something about child porn as they swept the kid away.So , what have we learned from this stupid movie ? 1 . Hollywood , please do not imitate what you believe real life to be . You are way off ! 2 . Viewers , do not imitate scenes and sayings from movies that you watch . Hollywood is way off !
 Wow ... I do n't think I 've ever seen a worse movie . It had potential . Interesting ingredients ... kinda cool character in Hesher , but in the end it just self-destructed into meaningless pointless drivel.Other people have reviewed the story so I 'll just point one thing out that struck me as particularly stupid . The whole point is that the kid and family is going through tough times because the mother died . So at the funeral of the grandmother -LRB- who also dies -RRB- , a drunk Hesher lectures the father and son about how they need to appreciate what they have left . He does this by comparing the fact that he lost a testicle in an accident and was feeling sorry for himself until he realized he had one good one left . And this did n't come across as humor . . it just came across as really bad taste.It 's been a long time since I 've seen this level of stupid in a film .
 This well-acted pile of pretentious crap stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt as a viscerally repellant , psychotic misfit who literally invades -- and stays -- in the home of a grieving , newly-widowed father -LRB- Rainn Wilson -RRB- , his young son -LRB- superbly played by Devin Brochu -RRB- and the sweet grandmother -LRB- Piper Laurie -RRB- who lives with them . Natalie Portman is a checkout clerk who is reluctantly attached to Hesher and the young boy . The performances are all fine , but the story goes nowhere , is profoundly depressing and devoid of insight - or art . If this passes as entertainment in your world , it 's time to get professional help .
 I can not imagine what anyone found entertaining about this movie . It has a idiotic story line with innumerable implausible situations , and at best , depressing . Even in fast forward mode the movie was slow paced . I agree with the reviewer who said `` I kind of felt like I deserved an apology for the two hours I wasted on this depressing mess . '' A waste of time and $ 3 .
 im surprised Lars Ulrich has n't sued for the rights of the lightning bolt font yet . seeing as the world owes him a living .
 It was a great idea , with excellent acting , a well developed story , and a refreshing ending . But the pervasive use of the `` F '' word and other needless sexual references detracted from an otherwise excellent movie .
 SPOILER ALERT ~ Rented this one on Amazon Instant Video because of the strong cast . The description of this indie film as `` a comedic , dark fairy tale '' is the understatement of the year . T.J. , the stoic boy in the film , has just lost his mother in a car crash and is bullied and abused while the four adult characters are too powerless or self-involved to notice . The father -LRB- Rainn Wilson -RRB- is paralyzed with grief and his only parenting skill is to send his son to his room . The loving grandmother is too old and ill to intercede . The psycho drifter Hesher -LRB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- moves into the household and his volatile , obscene behavior serves to get T.J. in trouble with the law , who are also strangely blind to this child 's plight . Natalie Portman 's character , also burdened with a life of woe , makes a weak stab at intervention , but ends up betraying T.J. by sleeping with Hesher . At least she apologizes to this tough little kid for her bad behavior . I kind of felt like I deserved an apology for the two hours I wasted on this depressing mess .
 Foulmouth pointless piece of trash ! It had no point and no message that I see . Enough said ! If you are thinking of renting/buying this movie , consider yourself warned .
 A casino bet that puts all it 's chips on this angry stoner randomly squatting in this numb grieving family 's house . The problem is he 's miscast , poorly written , poorly acted , poorly directed , unlikeable , and uninteresting . Somebody 's rich influential daddy must have come up with the 7 million bucks to pressure good actors to do this rehash .
 You kinda get what the director was going for here -- trying to do a reverse role model story with a badass rocker dude as the role model who ultimately redeems himself despite his anti-everything behavior . Did not work at all . I rented this because of the interesting cast and some reviewer called it `` hilarious . '' That reviewer was clearly under the influence of serious narcotics , because there was exactly one laugh in the entire film . And the cast is utterly wasted . Rainn Wilson spends most of the movie in a catatonic state , Natalie Portman is mousey -LRB- if you can believe that -RRB- and Joseph Gordon Leavitt is doing his best Jesus Christ impersonation , but without the winning charm . Avoid this one too . Nothing redeeming about it .
 Hard to have any feelings for the titled name character . Gordon-Levitt is good as always in a very bad film .
 I only saw this movie because I was sick and depressed bythe Hurricane Sandy coverage on every news channel . By comparison to this movie , Hurricane Sandy made me upbeat ! The so-called writer/director must have been one helluva talker to get a $ 7 million -LRB- ?!!! -RRB- budget for this P.O.S. !! How many decent and fine scripts were passed over for this POS ? Small hospitals could have been built with $ 7 million , even landfills which is where this POS deserves to be buried , oh , so deep ! If I could , I 'd buy the rights to this POS and destroy every copy.This has to be a record-breaker for the `` F '' word and hearing it out of the mouths of kids is so not funny . Art -LRB- if this is what you want to call it -RRB- is a reflection of the artist , what they love , what turns them on , how they view the world . By seeing this piece of crap I can see the writer/director is obsessed with drugs / -RRB- truly disgusting porn/vandalism/theft , et al. and desperately needs to grow up and pull his head out of the sewer . The Hesher character is merely a large INFANT with a driver 's license and no boundaries smashing through the world in one ugly tantrum after another . So sick of these movies ! The world is burning . We need uplifting fare , not crap . And WHAT is Hollywood Princess Portman doing in this thing ? Did she need the money this bad?DO NOT LET CHILDREN SEE THIS !!! You 've been warned ... again .
 I 'm a big metallica fan and i 'm a big joseph gordan levitt fan so i was really looking foward to watching this , however I watched half an hour of this movie and had to turn it off . it wasnt that the movie was bad i was actually enjoying it but the little blond hair kid i taught was just really annoying so i had to turn it off .
 You would think that a movie with the likes of Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Natalie Portman , Rainn Wilson and Piper Laurie in the cast , you would at least have some interesting entertainment . Unfortunately this film not only fails to entertain , but fails the smell test of reality . Since this is n't an action movie or a sci-fi movie or a comic book movie , it would seem that the events might in fact have some likelihood of really happening . Here we get a long haired tatted up young man named Hesher -LRB- Gordon-Levitt -RRB- who walks into the home of a depressed widower -LRB- Wilson -RRB- , his 12 year old son -LRB- Devin Brochu -RRB- and his mother -LRB- Laurie -RRB- and takes over . The first time I see this guy , I 'm calling 911 but this family lets him move in.The film centers on the accidental death of the wife/mother who was killed a couple months earlier in a car accident . TJ -LRB- Brochu -RRB- wants the car back after it was sold for junk , but must deal with the salvage operator 's teen-age son who is the school bully . In several scenes Hesher could prevent TJ 's thumpings but does n't . You just know , he 's trying to toughen up the kid by allowing him to be force fed urinal cake . Or maybe turn him in to a psychotic serial killer . Who knows . Natalie Portman plays a part time grocery cashier who has trouble making ends meet but helps TJ avoid another thumping in the parking lot . TJ has a crush on her so when she meets Hesher who is more age-appropriate you know what happens.Portman 's just along for the ride , looking to get another notch on her gun named `` indi '' . Hesher 's not some misunderstood homeless man looking to do the right thing . He 's essentially a criminal who does n't think rationally but somehow we are supposed to be sympathetic I guess , especially given the closing scene . The movie is not good .
 Count me as one that just did n't `` get it '' . I rented this based on the reviews here . Well , ... there is a lot of inappropriate sexual aggressiveness between the kid actor and the bully and even Hesher . Does this kind of talk make it real ? Maybe to some , but it creeped me out ... to the point where I found it unwatchable in parts . I kept FF through looking for a redeeming theme and found none . It 's just a darky , moody and humorless effort that really had me wondering what the hell were they thinking when they made this .
 Target Practice was one of the worst movies I have watched.Acting was poor , Plot was poor ... a few action scenes kept it somewhat watchable and I wanted just to see how it turned out . . however the ending was disappointing and horrible like the rest of the film .
 Not the actual movie I was looking for , but an ok 70s flick . It was a good ` B ' flick . Seemed drawn out though .
 I object to the title and the subject . I watched it and have watched it . My opinion has not changed from the first time . He is not a hero . Hero 's do selfless things that save lives or at least help others endangering or causing their own death . The Medal Of Honor is and example . He was self serving . He 's a convict . Did he rob from the rich to help the poor ? This movie has abused the word . The Idolizing of such people is one of the reasons this country is on the decline . The laws against moonshine are for a reason . There is no quality assurance . Will they us an old radiator as a condenser or have god knows what in the mash . I know about it . I grew up around where some was made and drunk . Running shine and then racing cars because you like it does not make you a hero .
 2.5 stars , actually.Somehow , this movie is just quirky enough to get you watch it through to the end , and just humdrum enough to make you think of other things you could have done with that time instead .
 This movie had all the right actors but it was still not good . It was missing elements . It was n't compelling and the ending was blah .
 Boring romantic crap about a guy who meets a woman in Paris ... they get married ... have troubles ... make up and get back together ... have some more troubles ... get back together again ... blah blah blah.This movie will make you wan na blow your head off.The demons in Hell probally show this movie to the lost souls down there , over and over again as their eternal punishment .
 I wanted the DVD `` Forget Paris '' and I was send a DVD with that film and 3 others . I just wanted that one DVD and its album cover , etc. . Not a collection of 4 DVDs !
 I can see why Debra Winger went into a self-imposed exile after this tiresome 1995 studio product , as she looks ill-at-ease as a romantic comedy lead . Here is an accomplished actress who seizes roles with a palpable life force when she is in the right vehicle . However , Winger seems lost playing against the stand-up shenanigans of Billy Crystal , and consequently they never really connect in any believable way . Much of the blame has to be placed on Crystal , who not only starred but also directed and co-wrote the film with Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel . He seems intent on doing a retread ofWhen Harry Met Sally ... but this time following a seemingly incompatible couple through marital discord.Crystal plays Mickey Gordon , an NBA referee who tries to abide by his estranged father 's wishes to be buried in France . The airline has unfortunately lost the casket , and their Paris-based customer relations executive Ellen Andrews tries to correct things for Mickey . Of course , they fall in love since it is Paris , and they get married almost immediately . Complications ensue with Mickey on the road and Ellen unable to conceive a baby . The central conceit of the film is its framing device , a dinner where a group of their friends congregate and share their remembrances of Mickey and Ellen 's courtship and marital problems . How they are able to relay such intimate details is never really addressed since it 's a plotting contrivance we are supposed to accept.The other problem is that Crystal is not really acting here but performing his comedy routine as Mickey . Many of his lines sound overly familiar with many of the jokes having a forced feeling , and the role is virtually interchangeable with his Harry from the earlier film . Nevertheless , there are some truly funny bits , such as the running gag with Ellen 's senile father -LRB- played by a befuddled William Hickey -RRB- repeating road signs in the car and the scene with the pigeon getting stuck to the side of Ellen 's head . But it 's not nearly enough . A solid supporting cast has been assembled as the friends - Joe Mantegna , Julie Kavner -LRB- particularly funny -RRB- , Richard Masur , Cathy Moriarty , John Spencer , Cynthia Stevenson - though they act more like a chorus to the proceedings . The inevitable ending feels hollow since the relationship never felt that resonant . Despite some attempts at serious moments during the second half , this is the type of lightweight film that does n't linger too long in one 's memory . The 2000 DVD has no extras .
 Woody Allen , because of his great talents as a moviemaker and artist , long ago moved on from portraying short , schleppy , not very attractive New York Jewish guys living out their private fantasies on film.Billy Crystal is so self-absorbed that he can not get away from this genre , e.g. , When Harry Met Sally , City Slickers . The only thing missing from this horribly trite movie is the tall Midwestern blonde as Crystal 's love object . Rent The Heartbreak Kid -LRB- 1972 -RRB- starring Charles Grodin and Cybill Shepherd , to see a somewhat similar theme but better in every way , writing , directing , acting , character players.For me , the only redeeming feature of this movie was the luminous Debra Winger . Ms. Winger , many years after her brilliant performance in An Officer and a Gentleman is still a delight to watch.This movie is neither romance nor comedy . It is truly forgettable and my guess is that in a few more years it will be forgotten .
 A story of a couple who met in Paris , fell in love , then got married happily after ... . No sorry , they did n't , not immediately.They fell in love at first , then were faced with reality that started diminshing their love gradually . They started having fights and conflicts , then eventually they got back together and were happily in love ever after.I found the film to be boring . Its quite long , full of unnecessary details , typical early 90s movie ! It was n't funny , was n't even romantic . We did n't even get much of France or the French culture except in the begining . Even the name Forget Paris does n't make sense because we do n't get much of France . They meant by the name to forget the lovely times both couples had in Paris.A movie about a regular couple having regular experiences . NO VALUE ADDED.Quite boring , maybe we today do not have the patience to watch classic films .
 I chose this rating because Billy Crystal and Debra Winger have always done fantastic performances but this movie , I felt , left a lot to be desired . It was just ok but not at all funny like I expected . Sue H.
 Thanks for the chance to express my disappointment with Moviemars I ordered three movies from Amazon . Two of them came in bubble wrap and were fine , one came in a regular envelop and was totally damaged . My young son laughed at the poor mailing system . I have been contacting Moviemars for almost 3 or 4 weeks with no satisfaction . The time I have wasted trying to express my concerns to 3 different representatives far outweighs the $ 8.76 I paid . I am done trying and I just hope I never have a problem with another company amazon trust to deal with their customers . After giving Moviemars more than enough chance to rectify their problem , obviously they are just giving me the runaround . I can not explain everthing said in at least 7 e-mails , so if someone can give me a contact number to speak with someone at amazon directly , I 'd appreciate it . I have already contacted my credit card company to dispute the charge and they were quite professional . I have made quite a few purchases from amazon and just hope this does n't put a pamper on future purchases I make . I have always been happy with amazon , unfortunately Moviemars at this point caused alot of aggravation which makes me a little skeptical about future purchases . I just hope other companies do not do the same thing . Again , please give me a number where I can speak with someone from Amazon , there is only so much I can put in an E-mail . Sincerely Kevin Sullivan
 This movie has a fine cast and lots of horses and is about a down on his luck horse trainer who gets a quality horse and then makes a series of poor choices leading up to a climatic do the right thing opportunity which does n't happen . It has a fair amount of bad language which does n't really hurt the movie but serves no purpose . The movie is close to PG-13 and rates a preview .
 I bought this movie thinking that it would be a good family movie . Boy was I wrong ! It has ALOT of foul language . My kids are 10,7,3 . At the time of viewing they were two years younger . They love horses and I would not let them watch it again because of the language . I had to quickly slip it into the donation box . If you have kids and are strict about bad language this movie is not for you as a family flick .
 Being a horsewoman , this was recommended to me . Story content is good , but language keeps us from letting the children view this again .
 What this movie is
 The Best Monster of 2010 in one of the worst movies of 2010 . This movie really ticked me off with it 's poor sets and total lack of plot.I am happy I made it all the way through this hunk of junk just so I can point out all the flaws . Some of the practical effects are OUTSTANDING while others must have been done by the janitors on the set . It is a tie for what is worse the the horrid acting or shoddy story . I love the voice of the pig headed fat man as he sounds like a cartoon from the 40 's and is pretty out of place . One of the dark places of hell is a hall way in the basement of a water plant , I have always wanted to see what hell looks like and now I know it 's just a hall way . I believe you should just fast forward to the monsters and skip the rest if you even want to bother with this film at all .
 Poor quality and could not be view for more than 5 minutes cause picture would freeze , over all this dvd it looks like a good evil movie , but it would not play correctly to view it cause it was a piece of junk . At least got my money back .
 The reason I rented that movie from redbox is that i am a bit interested in necromancy and black magic as I also love horror movies since I was 5 years.That movie is very disgusting and booring but neither scary nor attractive. , besides , the story itself does n't make any sense . I had to watch the whole thing twice just to make a sense out of it . Let me tell you what the story is and I do n't mind spoiling it since I do n't see how can it be intersting to anyone.the story is pretty much told from MORBUIS , the mute bartender who practices occult and necromancy , Morbuis is living with his evil , slut girlfriend who does n't like him , or give him attention ; Beside , she is cheating on him with a fat dude named HAGEN.One of Morbuis bar customers is TRAVIS who is a professional sadist , Travis is having a retarded brother who is suicidal and Travis is unable to help . No matter , how brutal and cruel Travis tries to be but he is weak , and very troubled from the inside that 's the reasom that Morbuis will take advantage of him later.Morbuis girlfriend will conspire with Hagen to kill Morbuis , she believes that it 's better to poison him than leaving him heartbroken . So , they will ! but before she kills him , he will kill her and So , Hagen will kill Morbuis.Morbuis will come back to life as a demon from hell with brutal need for revenge and will ask Travis to take his revenge from Hagen and for him to control Travis , he will send another demon to kill his brother and will promise Travis to return his brother back to life as soon as he tortures and kill Hagen for him.Travis will do as he told and kill Hagen , Morbuis will tell Travis that the only way to see his brother is to kill himself and Morbuis will kill Travis.Finally , I believe that my booring details is much more interesting than wasting your time and watch that movie .
 The movie is ok . It has some funny scenes especially the different dates that the main character had but the story is kind of all over the place . I do not see the point of the love scene between the two friends since they did not end up together anyways . I thought that the ending was too abrupt . And also , they talk about finding a proverbs 31 woman but this movie is filled with Sinful acts . Overall , I would not recommend to buy this movie maybe just rent it !!!
 In a nutshell
 This movie is horrible !!! What a waste of money and of my time . First off the previews made it appear as if it was about a man looking for a `` Proverbs 31:30 '' woman and it was nothing of the sort ! Then they use Christian Keyes who was a actor in many of Tyler Perry plays so I immediate thought this was a Christian friendly movie . A movie based on nothing but LUST ! Dont waste your money . 0 out of 5 popcorn bags for me . SMH
 It missed ... on every possible connection . Unless you have NOTHING else to do ... you should avoid wasting your time if you 're in search of an actual motion picture and/or looking for any hint of a plot , script & acting . Even when I wished that it would - nothing in this film made sense . Even the predictable scenes were unexpectedly awkward . Just fast forward to the CREDITS ... these by far are the funniest part of this flick ... although even then ... the ENDING was sudden . I gave it a 2 for a few funny lines by the supporting actors ...
 Save your dollar , quarter , nickel !! Why not save your penny too . It 's not even worth that !! What a total waste of actors . What a total waste of my time . Wow what a waste of my dollar !
 Unwatchable . Amateurish acting , editing , dialogue . Looks and sounds like a home movie . Awful in every way .
 ** 1/2Written and directed by E. Paul Edwards , `` Fighting Words '' is a low-budget romantic drama set in the fringe world of slam poetry . Jake Thompson -LRB- Jeff Stearns -RRB- is the pained poet and Marni Elliot -LRB- Tara T`Agostino -RRB- the HIV-positive book publisher who takes an interest in the promising young man 's person and work . C. Thomas Howell appears as a slime ball , cutthroat poet -LRB- and ex-boy friend of Marni -RRB- who will stop at nothing to keep Jake from winning a competition and the book deal that goes with it . Fred Willard puts in an appearance near the end as the emcee of the contest.The movie is certainly well-intentioned , and it earns at least a few points for its unusual subject matter , but an overall amateurishness in the performances and direction relegates it to minor league status . Moreover , an air of contrivance in the storytelling - especially in the final third - goes a long way towards undercutting any credibility the film might have had .
 To put it briefly , this is the absolute opposite of everything it could or should have been . In the beginning , there are about 5 minutes worth of early footage where the movie-makers sound like they know what they are doing . They manage to touch on two very salient and common feelings/occurences within slam ... which could have led to some great , insightful work or at least entertaining musings , but both of these quickly go out the window and for the rest of the film ... it becomes painfully obvious that any research into slam and performance poetry they may have done was cursory at best.Throughout the movie , what we end up with is a jumbled mess of story-telling with no real resemblence to slam . The venues they shot in are ok , but they really have no sense of what slam is and since this is the foundation of the film that wrecks anything else they may have tried to accomplish.What really made me angry with the lackluster and frankly degrading portrait they have painted here is that -LRB- A -RRB- everyone in the film is a victim ... and a willing one . Nobody in the flm has the heart to stand up for themselves even once . Poetry is about finding your voice and all anyone in this move could do was whimper throughout . -LRB- B -RRB- Watching this , slam begins to look ... boring.Sorry folks , but slammers and poets alike can testify to a couple of things about slam poetry . It is always a dynamic , breathing entity . The poetry here , with very few exceptions was obvious , repetetive , end-rhyme heavy , and delivered perfunctorily as if they were taking out the trash.Worse yet , they really tried to tout this as a sort of linguistic Rocky ?! NOT EVEN CLOSE >> >> where that movie is about the triumph of the human heart , this one appears to be about being willing to lay down and watch as life rides over you . Poets can certainly be sad , pained , even victimized ... but they are also the curators of experience and minute details . To put it bluntly , this film should have been made by poets . At the least , they might have tried consulting a few ...
 THIS FILM IS NOT VERY ENTERTAINING AND WILL DEFINITELY NOT PLEASE ACTION FANS . THE ACTION SCENES IN THIS FILM ARE MUNDANE . HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED .
 Not only did they mess up on the Subway legend ... but the way that they just fabricated technical details about a subway train , ruined the movie for me . Subway trains have AIR BRAKES . You can not `` bleed '' air brakes . A subway train can not repeatedly ram into the back of another train . It 's not even supposed to be THAT close to another train without the air brakes going `` into emergency '' , thereby stopping the train cold . The reverser ? A `` stick-shift '' ? LOL ! Too much.This is for fans of Wesley , Woody or J-Lo . Otherwise , do yourself a favor ... stay away from this film , and buy `` The Taking Of Pelham 123 '' with Walter Matthau and Robert Shaw . It is an INFINITELY better film , and much more satisfying . GUARANTEED !!!
 take 2 ugly men and toss in an overhyped horrible singer/actress and youve got another razzie.minus j-lo and this might have been a 2 star movie .
 the script is garbage ... as if they made it up as they were going along -LRB- the amount of production goofs prove it -RRB- ... even a golf ball knows you can stop a train by killing the power to the third rail ... the subway chase scene ? ... catching a train on a motorcycle ? ... the two trains ramming at high speed ? ugh hello !!! this movie was a complete waste of time and to be avoided at all costs ... if your into trains by any means , dig into the archives and discover `` the taking of pelham one two three ''
 If this were a cartoon , then it would at least not have the pretension of being something that it 's not
 This film had one good intention
 Sorry , Harrelson and Snipes have their moments , but Jennifer Lopez is notbelievable for a moment . Robert Blake is so over the top that he must have thought it was a serious movie . But above everything else , this film looked and sounded like it was being made up as it went along !
 This movie , complete with dull humor and a sick plot , seem 's to me , not so much about a race to rob a train , but a race to see who can say the F-word more in an hour and a-half .
 I do n't even know what I watched ... how did anyone get funding to make and produce garbage like this , and why would AMAZON choose to carry it -LRB- do they screen these things first ? -RRB- .
 Very disappointed . A complete waste of time could not finish watching . It hard sometime to write a review . I am a great Indyfan but not this one .
 This film won several festival awards , and is fine as some Friday night fluff , but it did not work for me . Saint Ralph wavers between the inspirational , the cute , and some serious coming of age issues ; trying to do all three fails . Ralph Walker is a likeable trouble maker in the ninth grade at an oppressive Catholic boarding school . He cheats , lies , smokes , curses , underachieves , and enjoys his raging hormones . His father died in the war -LRB- the film is set in 1953 -RRB- , his mother lies deathly sick in a coma -LRB- although you would never know it because she looks quite beautiful -RRB- , and if he is expelled from the school he is orphaned . He learns in his religion class that performing a miracle requires faith , prayer , and purity , and so he sets out to run the Boston Marathon in order to effect a miracle for his dying mother . Sub plots with a girl friend and a teacher-priest who just happens to have been a marathoner as a young man add little . I did not find Saint Ralph even remotely believable , nor did I appreciate that Catholicism was presented in the worst possible light . The headmaster is a cardboard character who , yes , is a sick tyrant . Ralph has several visitations from God who appears to him in the form of Santa Claus . You can watch to see if Ralph gets the miracle of a marathon victory , and whether this redounds to his mother 's healing ; just do n't set your expectations too high .
 this film had a decidedly `` davey & goliath '' feel to it . yep - religious propaganda w/lots of syrup . if you like that sort of thing , go for it . if you 're wondering whether to rent or buy this film for it 's running & boston marathon content , stay away . it 's a film with a religious agenda , the running is just a vehicle to convey the `` glory '' of religion .
 This is an awful movie . The ONLY reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is b/c Jennifer Tilly is in it .
 I adore this movie - but you ca n't get it for my region - Australia - sadly had to bin it
 you would think a film about running you might see a body double from a distance showing a decent form vs the coach telling him to use his ARMS ??? wth ... economy of movement to extend energy profile always the goal but guess we are sposed to keep thinking of bench pressing with Jennifer and thou pious one for ways to suffer in prayer ... ack Loved the forest treks , Ralph is adorable , glad mommy woke up but just too many contrived characters , plot , emotional manipulation , came rather close to a true story , did they divert us to remind one that fiction is greater than semi-facts ... Ca n't wait for the Saint Ralph
 Gregory Peck is hopelessly miscast as F. Scott Fitzgerald , first because of his looks and second because of his presence which kind of leads back to his looks . The story just skims little of what we know about Fitzgerald 's life . What about Zelda , his wife ?
 I was excited to view Beloved Infidel.But when I received it , I found out that this was a Reg . 2 DVD ... which meant that I could not play it on my Blu-Ray . I had to return the DVD .
 This 2001 movie is not what it could 've been . It would love to be a classic holiday slasher film like `` Halloween '' , but it will never amount to anything like that . Five girlfriends horribly embarras a poor geeky kid years ago in school . Now , the girls are all grown up and are all still friends . Naturally , their all hot babes too . What a shocker ! . Anyways , a cherub masked killer shows up and starts knocking each one off one by one . Is it the poor kid they tormented in school ? . Is it somebody else ? . I think the answer is pretty obvious right from the start . I ca n't imagine anyone not figuring it out . It has all the deep mystery of a Scooby Doo cartoon . Besides it 's faults , there are some good points this movie has . The first one , is the women . Their all lovely to look at . The second is the producers ' attempt to make the characters more grown up . Out of high school and actual career business women in the real world . The opening sequence however , is quite nice . It 's a shame that David Boreanaz from `` Angel '' had to pick this as his first major film role . He 's a good actor with incredible presence and that should 've been used in a much better film debut . Some of the kills are quite fun if you like that sort of thing . The ending is definitley no surprise . Trust me . Director Jamie Blanks , as he 's shown in his last film , the far superior and fun `` Urban Legends '' , has a nice eye for detail .
 Well , I do not say it is not entertaining , however there is a long way before I call it ` horror ' etc. . Actually it is addressed to teenagers rather than adults . When I went to see this one , I was expecting murder cases with investigations , like I read in some mysterious - horror books by skilled authors . Then it turned out to be the sort - creating horror by force so the customer will think it is horror and get scared , which it is not so.All based on girls ' valentines - this movie is just an empty plastic bag with some nice colours .
 It is a real toss-up whether to give this One Star or Two Stars . In my opinion , I give it 2-3 stars for the first half of the movie , 1 star for the last half , and -1 , for the ending . this movie starts out decent , including a funny ` speed dating ' segment . The movie just spirals downhill getting worse and worse until it finally ends in a STUPID UNINTERESTING INSULTING MESS . Denise Richards is beautiful , but her character is really very dull . This is basically a cheesy teen slasher that insults anyone with even half a brain . I gave it two stars because it had some decent moments in the begining . I 'd pass on this terrible movie . You should see the director and his commentary -- he is terrible . I ca n't believe he could actually film a movie : - -RRB-
 Wow , it has been a LONG time since I have seen such a BAD movie ! The acting was bad , the story was bad and I do n't recall ever being scared . What are they thinking . You would think Hollywood can do better then this . If you think about it , most of the scary movies , I mean REALLY scary movies , are the old ones , classics , NOT this ... ! I would really like to see some good horror movies come out . This unfortumately is not one of them . A well deserved 1 star for this one !!
 So , who was the killer ? Was it the kid they picked on ? Was it Adam ? -LRB- was he the kid they picked on in disguise ? -RRB- Was it Dorothy ? What about the psycho guy in the beginning -LRB- Jason -RRB- ? Why does he show up later ? What point does the neurotic chic that keeps bugging Cameron have ? Talk about loose ends ! The cast was great and showed great talent , but I think that talent was severly wasted on pointlessness . The movie could have had great potential , but really kinda wanders off and does n't make any sense . It 's basically a big gore-fest . If you do n't have to pay for it , watch it all you want , I do n't suggest wasting the money to rent it .
 Jamie Blanks , graduate of the VCA in Australia . Pretty poor endorsement of that schools film department . He directed Urban Legend , which was average at best , now he 's inflicted us with Valentine . I wo n't mention any actors in this film , I 'll save them the shame , even though some might be well known , they really should n't be heard from again after this garbage . Some geeky kid is picked on at school by 5 girls , they wo n't dance with him at the grade 5-6 prom ?? And ultimately embarrass him , he 's sent off to the nut house and all is well for the next 15 or so years . Amazingly the girls are all still friends since grade school . And start getting offed by some loon in a Valentine mask . Here 's where the film might take off , the scare factor . However Blanks used all the dumb directorial techniques which made it obvious where the killer would be and what he 'd do . The scenes between killing were sparsly populated which added to the terrible acting in making the movie look like expensive porn , without the sex . Blank 's might have saved his movie somewhat if he went down that road and had the girls take off their clothes and it all could have been justified in the campy horror/slasher/nudity take . Blanks decided to take it all too seriously , hoping this might help his career -LRB- on a shocking nose dive -RRB- . Ultimately this is studio driven trash , fronted by a few pretty stars -LRB- and a few not so pretty -RRB- and helmed by a director who 'll do what he 's told .
 Okay , so I 'm a bit older than what I assume the target audience for this film to be . BUT - this movie -LRB- which perports to based on a novel -RRB- is nothing but rip-offs of low budget slasher films from the 70 's and 80 's . We open on a middle school dance -LRB- later we will find out that this was supposed to be a Valentine 's Day dance , but it is never mentioned as such at the time -RRB- . And since when do you where masks at Valentine 's parties ? Anyway , a school nerd is traumatized by having red punch thrown on him -LRB- nod to Carrie -RRB- and then humiliated -LRB- ala Prom Night -RRB- . Years later a girl is killed while working on a cadaver -LRB- this is supposed to be a unique situation I suppose , but is nothing more than a slight rip off of the Reanimator -RRB- . More girls , more deaths , more boys , more deaths - each one is so predictable and quite frankly , boring . I 've seen all these deaths before in Friday the 13th , the Burning , Nightmare on Elm Street , etc. ad nauseum . Are we to assume that the characters in this movie have never before seen a horror film ? If so , please tell us this important tidbit of data . Otherwise , Denise Richards wandering off in the middle of a party to take a bikini clad dip in the hot tub is just a bit too droll . We know she 's going to die . And we know how - the moment she gets in . Girls wander off to empty rooms only to die via whatever obvious implement of death was there one second and gone the next . Oh my !!! Did you see that - the axe was there a second ago , but now its gone - gee , I wonder if he/she will survive !!! If you react like this , then you 've been living in a dank room for the past twenty some odd years . There are even a couple of really really bad `` did you get that ? '' lines . David Boreanz , who plays the vampire Angel on the television show of the same name plays one of the girls ' boyfriends . She says of him , `` I know he 's no angel , but I like him . '' Come on - puleeeze ! I do n't want to give away the killer to anyone brain dead enough to actually not see it a mile away , but it seems odd that he wears a coat just like Angel . Do n't bother ! If this had n't been a free rental , I 'd have been really ticked . If I had paid to see this miserable dreck in the theater , I 'd have been even more ticked .
 ... I just finished watching this tragedy of a flick with my sis . . I rarely write reviews and usually they are all goodness and light , recommending a particularly good product . Sorry to say not so in this case , this movie is proof positive that having slick casting , beautiful sets , and a great premise for a killer are not necessarily enough to make a good slasher flick . This film which based on the previews I saw of it looked like another take off on the Scream idea of witty and really well written horror flicks , comes nowhere near its potential . First of all starting off you have very little empathy with any of the victims ; everybody that gets killed deserves it , in spades . -LRB- I am not even sure why the one girl survived other than the fact that her character was perhaps the least scummy of the group . -RRB- Which comes to point two , the acting in this movie was royally bad . To give you an idea how painful the acting was think of standing in the middle of a pile of razor sharp glass with no shoes on , then drill several screws under your thumbs for good measure . . -LRB- I know David Boreanaz can do better than this so I was generally dissapointed . -RRB- Point three too much was going on , you did n't get to know any of the characters well at all this sorta goes back to the empathy part except that even most of the shallow characters in this film were cardboard cutouts with no depth at all . -LRB- Only Dorthy really seemed to be fleshed out really well and she majorly deserved what she got in the end . -RRB- Point four The killer really did n't mess around with his victims much , he tended to kill them simple and straight foward there was no suspense only inevatability . Final point it was pretty easy to figure out who the killer was in fact it was so stupidly easy that it slightly shocks you that at the end . Not a good kind of shock by the way , nope this was the shock of the person who has been kicked in the teeth . You will be saying to yourself `` That was it ? You got ta be kidding me ... '' Well I have said all I am going to say about that . Buyer beware if you are looking for a good movie steer clear . -LRB- Those who are looking for a new movie to add to their B movie collection this will fit right in . -RRB-
 After Valentine , Jamie Blanks would have to be considered one of the worst directors working at the moment . And coming from Australia , he 's doing great damage to the country 's growing film industry . First Urban Legend , mediocre at best , now he 's -LRB- ... -RRB- Valentine into existance.You might know some actors in this film , I 'll save them the shame of mentioning them because you 'll never see them again after this film . A geek is tormented at school by 5 girls and they wo n't dance with him . BOO HOO ! Anyway he does his block and is shipped off to the nut house for the next 15 . Despite being 9-10 when this happened the girls stay friends , yes all five , never losing contact , until they star getting knocked off by some hooligan -LRB- guess who ? -RRB- in a Valentine mask.Now Blanks could have tried to scare but he 's employed every tired directorial technique making it obvious where the killer would be and what action he 'd take . Oh look we 're in a mortuary , maybe he 's hiding in a body bag?This film seems to be filmed inside a bubble -LRB- streets are bare , on one else seems to exist -RRB- Hello cheap porn look , which combined with terrible acting , make most scenes look daytime soap.Blank 's seemed intent on taking this seriously , when he may have saved the movie if the girls got nude . And it could have been justified in the campy horror/slasher/nudity take . Thus distracting us from the rest of the film.No matter what , this is studio driven trash , fronted by a few pretty girls -LRB- and a few not so pretty -RRB- and helmed by a director who 'll do what he 's told . Although Blanks ca n't take all the credit , someone had to write this trash and I 'm sure he 's happy to have friends to take the heat .
 Wow , this movie is quite possibly one of the most uninteresting slasher movies in years . At no time does this create even a small amount of suspense . The actors appear to be uninterested in the movie and look almost ashamed to be in the film.After the tired cliched opening of a young picked on boy being beat and humiliated at a school dance we flash forward 13 years and find that he is now looking to get even with the girls who rejected him . The fact that the girls are made to look like horrible mean spirted witches almost has you cheering for their demise . The final revelation of who the killer is is a big let down and raises questions as to how he was able to commit some of the murders.Give yourself a break and save your money for something that is really scary . Spend your money on flowers and skip this valentine !
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . I have rarely seen such poor writing . The `` twist '' at the end was stupid and tried to be confusing on purpose . It was n't . It was just stupid . If you took out all the scenes that were not needed to advance the story , you would have a 15 minute film . Without David and Denise , I doubt this film would have ever been seen in theatres . It is n't scary at all . It 's just BAD . For proof , listen to the director commentary . Most of his comments are about everything he did wrong and why certain scenes do not make any sense at all . That 's right - the director of the film explains why his own movie is bad . Do n't believe me ? Listen to it . Oh , wait - Do n't . Peel some wallpaper instead . It is much more fun .
 ` Valentine ' gets firmly lumped into the post - ` Scream ' series of horror movie clich&eacute;s.Like the ` Urban Legend ' , and ' I Know What You Did Last Summer ' movies , ` Valentine ' is n't by any stretch the worst movie I 've ever seen , but creatively , it leaves a LOT to be desired.Just as it 's predecessors , ` Valentine ' is an ultimately-unfulfilling clone that 's only to be viewed on basic cable or the WB network . You 'd kick yourself for buying it .
 THE ACTING , THE WRITING , AND THE DIRECTING ARE ALL LESS THAN AVERAGE . THE PLOT IS A BUNCH OF RECYCLED IDEAS THROWN TOGETHER . I 'M GIVING IT TWO STARS BECAUSE
 This movie is awful . It is an insult to everyone who saw it . I can not believe I sat through this entire movie , in the theater no less -LRB- then again , I 'm not one to waste money . But then again I saw this movie , so it 's like a double edged sword on that one -RRB- . No suspense . No thrills . Absolutely NOTHING scary about it . The plot is as thin as the paper it was written on -LRB- a waste of paper if you ask me , someone needs to call Fraud , Waste and Abuse on these guys -RRB- . The acting was halfway decent , and that 's not saying much . If you have seen this movie , then I feel for you ... however , if you own this movie , you should be executed for being such a sucker . Anyone who dares compare this movie to such classics as Halloween , or even The Exorcist etc. . . needs to have their head examined -LRB- how dare you insult John Carpenter like that ! -RRB- I could go on about how bad this movie was , but It 's not even worth it . If you have not seen this awful movie , then RUN !!! Run as far away from it as possible ! It 's that bad . Later
 This movie is another `` teen slasher '' movie . It is just the same instead of Denise Richards . You wan na watch Denise Richards ? Buy this movie . . You wan na watch a good movie ? DO NOT waste your money please . -- Let me tell you the movie
 After ` Valentine ' concluded I was at a loss for words . It took four screenwriters to write this absolutely atrocious mess ? Not only is the script highly unoriginal and ridden with embarrassing plot holes , but it also sports some of the worst acting in the horror genre.Have you seen the excellent thriller `` Halloween ? '' Which is coincidentally another horror movie with a ghost faced killer , that slowly stalks it 's victims , was tortured during his youth , has parents that died under mysterious circumstances , was in an insane asylum and the happenings take place on a purely commercial holiday ? Well than you 've seen `` Valentine '' and you 've seen it done much better . `` Valentine '' is the horror movie for the brain-dead TRL generation that has no patience for originality in any form.I 'm gon na summarize the four credited screenwriter script in 3 sentences . Ugly kid gets bugged when he was young by pretty people . Fast forward thirteen years and pretty people start dying . Pretty people wonder who 's doing it while dealing with half realized sub-plots . The story not only rips pages shamelessly from `` Halloween , '' but also many other horror movies . For instance similar to the ominous note giving in `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' the main characters get Valentine cards saying such things as `` Roses are red , violets are blue , they are going to need dental records to identify you . '' That 's just the tip of the iceberg.Let 's talk about the acting in `` Valentine '' because the dialog honestly sounds like a first-time script read-through . Denise Richards is especially dreadful . You thought her acting could n't get any worse than her outing as a possibly handicap nuclear scientist in the Bond flick `` The World is Not Enough ? '' Well , unfortunately for her , it does ! Her line delivery is honestly worse than the Olsen twins when they were 5 years old on Full House . The other actresses are nondescript blondes that look frighteningly similar to one another from a far . They are neither remarkable nor unremarkable actors ; they are just there to eventually die in an unimaginative manor . One blonde gets a threatening Valentine and does n't even seem to care . Another eats maggot filled chocolates and does n't seem to overly mind either . On top of that , neither calls the cops . That is just stupid , plain and simple . Lastly , the killer is so painfully obvious even from the promos that there is no point in watching this movie at all . The predictability is tremendous.Don ' t bother with `` Valentine . '' It 's a huge waste of time . I would go as far to say it is one of the worst movies I have seen in my life . That 's saying a lot considering I used to work at a movie store and I 'm a big horror movie fan .
 Five beautiful friends who start receiving threatening valentines find themselves being hunted by a repressed killer -LRB- obviously inspired -LSB- or stolen -RSB- from HALLOWEEN -RRB- wearing a cupid mask . Is it that nerd they all teased in sixth grade ? Attractive but predictable , poorly written thriller that not only has a complete lack of suspense but ca n't make us seem to care about a character of any kind . Still , at least director Blanks tries . Based on the novel by Tom Savage .
 Valentine is a ghastly mess . Upon recieving violent valentines the `` heroines '' proceed to go out alone , ignore the advice of the police , withold evidence and generally act like fools . The plot had potential but the actors and the crummy dialog destroy all hope . David Boreanz essentially plays Angel as a drunkard human instead of a brooding vampire but that 's the best thing I can say about the flick . Denise Richardson is the worst thing about it . Her acting was never her strongest suit but in Valentine it takes a real nose dive . ... The twist ending did n't make a lick of sense and I took the DVD back to the store and begged to exchange with something else .
 Valentine is just one of the many new teen-slasher thriller movies that are plagueing the horror genre . It seems ever since Scream was a hit that we have just been bombarded by these totally non-scary , predictable , and overly stupid films that are trying to establish franchises such as Valentine , Jeepers Creepers , Urban Legend , etc. . The storyline is n't half bad on paper ; a group of popular girls who shunned a boy years before are being sent some disturbing valentines and are then picked off one by one by a masked killer . While this may seem like a neat idea , the delivery fails miserably . While Denise Richards is n't really a bad actress underneath it all , her co-stars are horrendous and do n't come off as believeable for one minute . David Boreanaz seems to just brood his way through the film from start to finish , and the wanna-be twist ending is n't so twisting because anyone with a brain can figure out who the killer is in the first half hour of the movie . The fake scares -LRB- hands on the shoulders -RRB- are just more annoying than suspenseful , and the film is not scary at all . All in all , Valentine is just another teen thriller that tries to be better than what it is , but is a failure in an overbloated genre that is becoming an insult to true horror fans .
 This is one of the most boring films I have ever seen . The `` scares '' are lame bursts of loud music trying to make you jump . The guy who directed Urban Legend made this movie , which is really the big suprise here . That was a fun movie ; this one is so awful I ca n't believe it got made . Even the otherwise good actress Denise Richards is dull here . The book this film was adapted from was excellent ; it gets so twisted out of shape here it is shameful . I ca n't believe how many movie fans say `` this was a good movie , just ignore the reviews . '' Besides a halfway decent first five minutes , I ca n't not recommend this movie enough ; whatever you do , avoid Valentine at all costs .
 Many can be said about this dismally bad horror flick . It tries to do something unique , but in fact retread the old , battered road . It tries to imitate the chill of `` Scream '' and other post-modern horror movies , giving some surprise twists , but , no , it only irritates the audience.Think about this . Four girls are supposed to be threatened by a murderer stalking behind them . But none of them takes it seriously . Not a detective from the police , who instead would sexually harass Denise Richards . Many people around them -LRB- including very one of them -RRB- are suddenly missing , but they do n't seem to worry about it . Ok , so they are such irresponsible , cold-blooded chicks who bullied one poor boy long time ago . But , then , why should we care about them?The whole premise is totally nonsense ; at `` a maze video party scene , '' guests that were swarming around the room suddenly are gone from the scene , and the killer can appear without being seen , even moving some objects and walls as it wishes , and finally desposes the body very automativally . On top of this risible development of situation , at another party scene , AGAIN , the people vanish while our heroine is taking a bath ALONE , and the killer chases its target ALONE , and hides the bodies wherever it wishes . No , no.Pick any great horror films in the past , and they all tell you that you can not make a good , bone-chilling flick without paying attention to logics during the course of the entire film . `` Valentine '' never does . Consequently , scares come occasionally , but not with enough impact . As Denise Richards is gorgeous , I give two stars , but otherwise it is unbelievably bad . But what is also unbelievable is a fact that a major studio is involved in this project . Now it is scary .
 Ok , so I lied . This movie is a `` painful '' film with an unbelievable plot and too many plot holes to point a stick at . The performances are dismal , and the actors hardly look as though they were remotely interested in their characters . Although `` Jamie Blanks ' '' previous attempt ` Urban Legends ' was not a box office breaker , at least some of the ideas worked . This film has poor dialogue and generates no sense of atmosphere for the viewer . Personally , I would rather stare at my eye lids .
 Your typical , average , unoriginal masked man killing off people that he does n't like . Not only that , People that do n't like him . That do n't love him . This whole things has been done to death and I 'm sick of it . Enough with the killer 's in masks . Many others have come before this one . Some where more entertaining than others but still , give it a rest already . Nothing is done different and everything is flawed in this movie . It 's a complete waste of time.Here 's a list of all the others that seem EXACTLY similiar to this undying tune :1 . I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER2 . I STILL KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER3 . SCREAM4 . SCREAM 25 . SCREAM 36 . HIGHSCHOOL DEATH7 . THE ENTIRE JASON VORHEES SERIES8 . THE ENTIRE MICHAEL MEYERS SERIES9 . URBAN LEGEND10 . URBAN LEGENDS
 I have to say , was n't Angelus Evil enough that they have to give away Adam too?I am really Angry with the writer!all though i liked the way the killer killed and the Sexyness of the party , and the Dromatic killing scene of Paige -LRB- DANISE RICHARDS -RRB- and especially the killing scene of that girl , you know arrows , Falling into the garbage box , and i really liked the killing scene of shelly , it was really scary and looked painful , one slash and kill finished.Anyway , i did n't like this insult of Boreanaz , so i ca n't give it more than 2 stars .
 So at a Valentine 's Day dance in 1988 , a nerdy guy named Jeremy Melton keeps asking girls for a dance and they sharply turn him down , however a fifth girl who was a little bigger than the previous girls agrees and they end up making out under the bleachers . When some bullies happen by , this girl claims he attacker her so they beat him up and rip off his clothes , so now in 2001 all the girls who rejected him and the one who got him beat up are in their 20 's and with Valentine 's Day fast approaching are trying to get their lives going.One of these girls ends up dead after a bad date , the killer wears a cherub like mask and even gave her a warning that something would happen to her when he sent her a valentine 's card death threat . So the remaining girls keep wondering who is the killer and who is next , which is fairly cliche and would normally work if not for the bad pacing , lack of suspense and even a lack of interest in who the killer is.Actually its fairly obvious who it is and the ending is quite funny -LRB- which I imagine is not what the film makers intended -RRB- , the death scenes are n't really inventive and its a pretty bad story . The cast includes Denise Richards -LRB- `` Wild Things '' -RRB- , David Boreanaz -LRB- TV 's `` Bones '' -RRB- , Katherine Heigl -LRB- `` Knocked Up '' -RRB- and Marley Shelton -LRB- `` Sin City '' -RRB- . * out of 4 stars .
 While there has indeed been a long line of teen slasher movies , they have tended , over the years -LRB- with the notable exception of some good scares in the Scream series -RRB- to be predictable and formulaic . Well , Valentine is no different ; however , I do have to give better than average marks to the acting in this one , and the deaths in this film are perhaps a bit more creative and interesting than in the usual movie of this genre . The storyline does indeed keep you guessing until the end , which is rare these days . This one wo n't be on anyone 's Top 20 horror films list , but it is fun , watchable , and worth a rental.Just by way of background , and while other reviewers seems to prefer to reveal much of the story and plot , I think that sort of ruins the film in many cases . So , you 'll want to look for other reviews and reviewers if that is what you are looking for ...
 Having gone into the theater expecting a ZERO , I was somewhat pleasantly surprised with the movie `` Valentine '' although it certainly was n't a great movie by any means . It 's just that I expect so little from modern horror flicks these days . Well , some time ago , I picked this up pretty cheap and thought I would give it another look . After watching it a second time , I liked it a little better than I did before.From an entertainment standpoint , this movie deserves some credit as a pretty standard slasher with some pretty decent kills and as a fairly decent whodunnit flick with the biggest flaw simply being that this movie is not very scary at all . Like many modern day horror flicks , this movie lacks atmosphere and provides only inconsistent suspense throughout the flick , mostly tied to the identity of the killer . Basically , `` Valentine '' is a story about a child 's social rejection in school and the lingering effects of such . Someone is killing the girls that rejected a nerd-boy ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- years ago . Could it be the nerd out for revenge -LRB- a common theme of low-grade 80s slashers -RRB- or could it be someone else who feels disrespected ? The only real suspense is who the murderer is , but the seasoned slasher viewer can narrow this down pretty well.Simply put , `` Valentine '' is your typical slasher flick . If you are interested in your garden variety slasher flick , rent this and you wo n't be disappointed , but just do n't expect anything too much above the average for this type of flick . That said , I have an affinity for slasher movies , and while `` Valentine '' certainly has its flaws , e.g. logical inconsistencies , the disappointing revelation of the killer , the rather anti-climactic nature of the movie itself -LRB- the ending left a lot to be desired -RRB- , etc. , this movie for all intents and purposes basically accomplishes most of what it sets out to do . I mean , what do you expect from a modern day slasher flick ? At least the movie takes itself seriously . Hence , the slightly better than average rating . However , as I mentioned above , for today 's standards this is a pretty good modern day horror flick , albeit , that aint saying much folks.Officially , I give `` Valentine '' 2.5 STARS -LRB- which might even be a tad high -RRB- for being a standard slasher flick with some interesting kills , a good masked killer outfit -LRB- liked the cupid mask-killer 's demeanor was also good -RRB- as well as a decent whodunnit flick even if it is somewhat predictable.As a final note , I think the creators of `` Valentine '' felt like they could make a better Valentine 's Day movie than the previous 80s slasher flick `` My Bloody Valentine '' . Personally , I believe they failed in this attempt as `` My Bloody Valentine '' is a superior movie to this modern day slasher flick ... maybe this is because of the 80s feel that `` My Bloody Valentine '' had as well as its dark peculiarities inherent in its plot and setting . Still , I like both of them . After all , nothing says Happy Valentine 's Day better than a Valentine 's Day slasher movie . Happy Valentine 's Day !
 This movie is terrible . Do n't be fooled by these positive 4 star reviews on Amazon like I was , it stinks . It is formulaic to the nth degree , the director even rips off the Halloween films with gimmicky shots -LRB- some might call them an homage , I call them a rip-off -RRB- . There is no sense of fun or cleverness in the whole film . People randomly come into the story and then are killed before you even know who they are or why they are there in the first place . There does n't seem to be any main character or hero in the story , the hero seems to be the only character that 's left alive at the end , thus being the hero only by default.The direction is disjointed , certain scenes seem to be in the movie for absolutely no apparent reason at all -LRB- i.e. the candle wax scene -RRB- . The methods of murdering the victims in the film are generic and uninspired , even for this type of `` teen shocker '' film . Oooooh ! A stabbing ! That is original stuff.The acting is mediocre at best . But then the characters do n't have even the least bit of substance for the actors to work with either . Why does this group of people continue to hang out with each other years and years after they left school ? And are they 20-something professionals ? Because they act like teenagers . Except they live in clearly expensive homes and apartments , seemingly by themselves . The male characters just wander into the plot . Are these men the same junior high bullies at the beginning of the film ? You never really know for sure . And why did the overweight , socially ostracized girl suddenly become friends with the so-called `` popular '' girls ? And when did this happen ? Why did they suddenly accept her into their `` cool '' circle ? Because she lost weight , therefore becoming `` cool '' ? Final word
 its not the worst of the slasher flicks but it lages in its wooden characters and its dumb twists and turns , though the end with Boreanaz is great , a must see for fans of Boreanaz
 I finally saw this lame excuse for a slasher movie just the other day ! And what can I say but this `` Valentine '' should definitly be returned to its sender ! I mean the suspense was barely existent , the characters were all one-dimensional unrelatable bores , the movies low budget was just too noticable , there was no nudity , the pacing was seriously uneven , most of the acting was nothing to brag about , and as if that was n't bad enough the characters were much too pretension and wooden ! And the endind to say the least was too damn confusing ! I mean who actually was the killer , I do n't know ! And was David Boreanaz Jeremy Melton or was n't he ?! And c'mon that poor lowly , loveless , nerd gets stripped almost naked at the school dance and brutally hazed and somehow their are no grown ups there to break it up ?! Yeah Right ! And let 's see a past misdeed coming back to haunt some people years later ! Let 's see does n't that sound like the same tired premise already inherent in `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' , `` Tamara '' , and of course the original Prom Night ?! To name a few ! All I 'm getting at is you want a slasher that 's done right you can find that in most of your `` Halloween '' movies and your `` Friday the 13th '' all 3 Prom Night sequels among others ! But the ideas used here not only do n't work but are only good if you ca n't sleep one night ! ZZZ !
 Let me sum this movie up for you : Bad ActingHorrible ScriptingTerrible CastingOK Set DesignBad ThemeOver the Top KillingsPut this on the shelf and never take it down !
 This is a routine slasher movies that lacks the stylish murders that Argento or Bava would have created .
 I am a huge horror fan and was expecting a really good horror but instead I got a boring thriller . The death scenes are so boring , there is no action the killer just kills his victims and there is no chase . I mean the story was okay but it did drag a little and you could tell who the killer was right away.I think Denise Richards did pretty well but her death scene was too cheasy . I feel her character was a pretty strong woman but her death was weak , they could 've used a little more action on her part . Also there is a character named Lily who I enjoyed and then she died it was so stupid because the killer shot her with arrows and she just stood there . The ending was so stupid and way too dark believe me this is one valentine you will wan na skip .
 Dumb revenge flick most-likely inspired by a writer 's negative experiences with women . I recommend playing this while waiting for your flu medication to kick in . Might be an okay movie to have on as background noise . Other than that , avoid this one .
 This is possibly the worst book to movie transition I have ever seen . Whereas the book was a five star thriller , the movie is just another cheap slasher film with absolutely nothing to redeem it from the crap that it is . I have been disappointed many times by movies made from books I have read , but never on this grand a scale . Tom Savage has written only a handful of books , but they are all edge-of-your-seat thrillers , so I was very excited to hear `` Valentine '' was being made into a movie . And if it had been made properly it would have been good . Instead , a horrible script in the hands of a truly terrible director turned this masterpiece into a shameful mess . I urge everyone who saw this movie and hated it as much as I did to read the book . It is nothing like the movie . In fact I recently reread the book and realized , with the exception of the title , the book is an entirely different story . If you have not seen the movie , do n't waste your time , read the book instead .
 I was very excited to see another Valentine horror movie coming out ; the last one I remember was My Bloody Valentine about some Cole Minor named Harry Nabob or something like that , very bad film . But Valentine looked like it would be good and it was actually until the ending.The pretty boy being the killer again is just played out . Scream was good everything else is just redundant . Imagine if the geeky boy who was attacked by the bullies actually got burned or his face was horribly deformed in a fall or something like that . He goes to the mental institution and years later he escapes or is released into society , but escaped is much better . This masked figure then chases down the mean kids and kills them one by one , then the climax when we see his face it shows the reason he is so angry and deranged.I give it 2 stars because it could have been so good and I can always pretend the ending was good .
 This is probably one of my least favorite horror films ever . What really makes it bad is that it could 've very easily been a modern horror classic if there had been just a few changes because this movie really had some good stuff in it but the good just did n't outweigh the bad.PLOT : The plot is simple enough . It revolves around a group of five women who have been friends since middle school . At a sixth grade valentine 's dance they were particularly mean to a nerdy kid named Jeremy Melton . One of the friends who used to be fat got caught of guys making out with him and she says that he attacked her to avoid embarassment . The boys that caught them then pour something on him and rip his clothes off down to his underwear and beat him up . Well years later the group of friends start receiving threatening Valentine 's cards in the mail and are then routinely picked off one by one.CAST : Denise Richards -LRB- Paige Prescott -RRB-
 Come on guys , why use your acting talent on an average script like this one?David Boreanaz basically transplanted his Angel good-guy persona onto this movie . We never see him being bad . He is capable of much more complex work , as he showed several times in the Angel TV series.The same can be said of Denise Richards . She is beautiful , and she plays the vixen well , but the complexity is beneath her talent.The script is average , and the premise is tired . I know you moviemakers and team all have to earn a living , but we live for your work , so do n't disappoint us so !
 Does it strike anyone else as unusual that every single good review of this movie is filled with spelling/grammatical errors ?
 This is a terrible movie , if it were not for Denise Richards I would have turned it off after 10min . Watch it on mute if you do buy iy .
 `` Valentine '' is a toothless , vapid rehash of the slasher flick , done straightfaced with zero irony or chills . It 's beautifully shot and well-produced , but , Lord , is it boring . Ripping off `` Scream , '' `` Friday the 13th , '' `` Carrie , '' and at least a half-dozen other horror films , it does n't stray far from what we 've seen before . Someone , somewhere , was convinced that Denise Richards can act , but her blank performance says otherwise . Ditto the wonderfully bland David Boreanaz , whose screen presence has all the flavor of rice cakes . Despite the well-staged slashings and so-called surprise ending , `` Valentine '' is much ado about nuttin ' . Return this baby to sender .
 Another dull entry in the slasher film genre . This one has a decent cast , but little else . This film 's only saving grace is the ending even if it 's a bit predictable . My biggest problem with this film is that we 've seen it all before and done better . You do n't have to look to closely to see the obvious similarities to ` Halloween ' and many other superior films .
 Jamie Blanks ' 2001 `` Valentine '' is a recycle bin of a ridiculous psycho-killer plot seemingly pasted together from several previously made films , predictable `` boo ! '' moments , character stereotypes , bad jokes , stale dialogue , and unoriginal killings . Not that I actually expected much from this movie , coming from Blanks , responsible for 1998 's `` Urban Legend '' and starring a bevy of Hollywood C-listers including the dude from `` Angel '' , David Boreanaz , Denise Richards , Marley Shelton , Jessica Capshaw , and Katharine Heigl.In this horrendously bad faux-horror flick , we start off at Valentine 's Day 1988 when a bunch of nasty girls make a poor geeky kid , Jeremy 's , time at the V-Day school dance absolute hell for him through rejection and embarrassment . Fast-forward to 2001 when the girls from the dance are now being tormented by a psycho-killer -LRB- obviously Jeremy -RRB- and slowly killed off in successively dumber and unoriginal ways . The execution of this stupid-yet-still-had-some-potential-to-be-scary-script is simply awful.Where is the suspense ? Where is the empathy -LRB- or at least interest -RRB- for any of the characters ? Where is just an ounce of intelligence , people ?! I know that this is a slasher flick and you 're supposed to suspend disbelief to a certain extent , but this pathetic plot soon degenerates into an utterly ridiculous mess that will insult your intelligence if you are anywhere over the age of ten .
 Something like an episode of `` Sex and the City '' directed by Wes Craven , this mercifully short teen flick ca n't decide if it 's a girl-power sex farce or a by-the-numbers thriller . It hedges its bets and settles for being plain bad . It might have worked if pre-release buzz had n't identified the serial killer . But if you know who it is , the whole thing 's rather tedious . Denise Richards does her usual thing , as does David Boreanaz with one pleasant exception - unlike in `` Angel '' , he 's occasionally allowed to smile .
 this movie really is n't as good as I thought it would be . I only wanted to see it because I am a big fan of Katherine Hegil but shhe ws in the began of the movie for like only 7 or atlest 10 minutes . After that it really was n't scary as it sounds . The BIZAR part of the moive was in the end . Go seee it for yourself but for Katherine Hegil the and atleast stay awake for the half of it .
 this movie really is n't as good as I thought it would be . I only wanted to see it because I am a big fan of Katherine Hegil but shhe ws in the began of the movie for like only 7 or atlest 10 minutes . After that it really was n't scary as it sounds . The BIZAR part of the moive was in the end . Go seee it for yourself but for Katherine Hegil the and atleast stay awake for the half of it .
 JUST WHAT THE WORLD NEEDED , ANOTHER SCREAM-TYPE HORROR MOVIE . A MISTREATED BOY GROWS UP TO BE A SERIAL KILLER . JUST YOUR AVERAGE TEENAGE HORROR FLICK . HAS SOME OK MURDER SEQUENCES , BUT IT LACKS SUBSTANCE . DENISE RICHARDS IS GOOD FOR EYE CANDY BUT SHE CA N'T HELP SAVE THIS CLICHE 'S HORROR MOVIE . IF YOU WAN NA SEE THE AVERAGE MASKED MAN GOES ON A KILLING SPREE MOVIE , THEN THIS ONE JUST MIGHT APPEAL TO YOU .
 Valentine started out good . It could of been a much better movie if they handled it well . The movie is predictable as nothing i have ever seen . Some of the killing scenes are ilogical and not original . For example
 This film had potential . It looked like a rice re-visit to the old `` Prom Night '' days . However , it was an ugly revist to the crappy-wanna-make-a-buck-without-a-real-story cheezy days . The reason why this killer is offing these girls is one of the lamest to date . Granted , it is very much like Prom Night - but in Prom Night , the killer is getting revenge over his sister 's death . In Valentine , the killer is getting revenge because no one would dance with him at the school dance . Then of course he gets transferred , goes to a mental institution blah blah blah . However , a strong point of the film is that the characters seem almost completely real - there are ones that you just DO N'T want to die . However , the ending is the real let down . You know who the killer is when you see the previews of the film , and the film does n't really end , it just kinda ... stops . And its a real disappointment because you expect this great climax , but you just do n't get it . I just hope and prey that there wo n't be a sequel .
 Director
 I wo n't bore you with a description of what 's wrong with this movie because nothing at all works in it . From the derivative plot to the lame acting to the ridiculous `` twist '' ending , this movie is bad from start to finish . If you like bad movies or just want to torture yourself , then this might be a film for you . OK , it probably is n't the worst movie ever made -LRB- in a world with Baby Geniuses , Glitter , and Showgirls how could it be ? -RRB- , but it is God-awful . Renting this film would be a mistake . Just stear clear altogether .
 The idea for a good slasher film is there , nerdy guy gets dumped on by hot chicks , comes back to get even in the end . Unfortunately the best I could say about the movie was `` it 's a good idea '' . From the opening sequence -LRB- kinda looks like a copy of Carrie -RRB- , this movie lacked originality , taking ideas from other films and making them seem cliche , from the killer in a mask to having a victim hiding in a morgue only to get caught . Overall this flick was disappointing at best , at some times I wanted to shut it off and put myself out of my misery . DO N'T WASTE YOUR HOUR AND A HALF ON THIS ONE ! IT WAS ONE OF THE WORST HORROR FILMS I 'VE EVER SEEN .
 OK , what a waste of time , do n't get me wrong I love horror movies just as much as the next fiend , but this one takes the cake for stupidity . How can you make a horror movie that is so utterly devoid of suspence ? I feel sorry for teens who think that today 's horror movies are actually scary , they should check out Hallaween and Friday the 13th to see how it 's really done . I guarantee that if they saw Michael Myers or Jason delivering spine shattering blows upon thier victims and death from above they would change their tunes .
 There comes a time when one can only watch the same washed up , tired out storyline without beginning to poke fun at the tactics the filmmakers use . Watching `` Valentine '' was a much more interactive experience for me . I found myself grimacing in complete contempt for its reliance on horror clich&eacute;s and a morality lesson that is phony to the core , while also screaming at the characters for their outright stupidity.The movie is one of the worst post - `` Scream '' features I 've seen , and that includes `` Urban Legend , '' which was also directed by Jamie Blanks , who brings nothing but banality , predictability , and boredom to his latest venture . There is no mystery to be hashed out , no suspenseful moments that are worth biting nails over . In fact , the movie goes so far as to evoke the audience 's sympathy for the killer , and not his victims . And that just the beginning.The film opens with a junior high dance , as a misfit boy walks up to various girls and asks them to dance . Each of them turns him down , one politely , the others in demeaning fashions . Moving ahead thirteen years , the movie introduces us to those girls many years later , and wastes no time in getting rid of one -LRB- if the bimbo does n't have enough sense to leave the building instead of corner herself and become a slab of bloody meat , then she deserves to die -RRB- . Not that any of the other girls are any smarter or interesting . There 's Paige -LRB- Denise Richards -RRB- , Kate -LRB- Marley Shelton -RRB- , Dorothy -LRB- Jessica Capshaw -RRB- , and Lily -LRB- Jessica Cauffiel -RRB- , and from the get-go , they do absolutely nothing of interest to us or of importance to the movie . After they attend the funeral , they get some insider information from a detective who has a horny eye set on Paige . That , coupled with some very unconventional Valentine cards and gifts , and they begin speculating as to who could possibly be the murderer.If there 's one thing I hate , it 's a blonde trying to figure out a murder mystery , especially when the rest of the group ca n't seem to help her out . As if the whole thing is n't blatantly obvious to the audience , yet the characters are required not to piece it all together too soon because this is a mystery , and we have to find out piece by piece who 's behind the supposed mayhem.There 's just one problem
 Brilliant as ` Scream ' was , look what it did to our nice teen movie market industry ! First there was ` Urban Legend ' , now there 's this , which is much much worse . It remains a mystery to me why David Boreanaz , who was so good as Angelus on TV show ` Buffy The Vampire Slayer ' , wanted to branch out into movies with such an awful role . Furthermore , the teen actors are terrible . Denise Richards is so terrible in every movie that she 's in that you begin to wonder whether the director was trying to be ironic . Still , her eyebrows reach new heights of acting in this film.The deaths are all spectacularly stupid and every clich&eacute; is employed to maximum use . So the question pops up again - is this a self-knowing , clever teen slasher flick ? Maybe the director was aiming for this but he left out any actual scares or any of the black comedy that the ` Scream ' movies were jam-packed with . Obviously every recent teen horror movie is going to be contrasted with ` Scream ' and then it obviously ca n't compete . But this movie just has nothing likable about it , and the trailer even told us who the killer was anyway !
 unless you are a 15 year old adolescent boy who likes to look at full figured female bodies , dont bother
 Okay . I originally gave this movie 1 star , but changed my mind . I 'll give it 2 stars , just for the sheer fact that any movie with a cast of beauties like this ca n't be all bad.I was stoked about VALENTINE . Denise Richards , Marley Shelton , Katherine Heigl , Jessica Capshaw , Jessica Cauffiel & Hedy Burress all in the same movie ! How could it possibly be anything but good.Not a bad concept . A series of murders centered around a group of girls that have been friends since grade school . I wo n't give anything way . . -LRB- even though there is n't much to give away -RRB- , but nothing is done with it . The story is straight forward . I 've never seen a horror movie that was so void of suspense in my entire life !! I 'll just say this . If anybody ever walks off by themselves ... . kiss 'em goodbye . yawn ... Oh ... and despite all the beautiful people involved in the film , it 's also void of anything sexy or remotely risque.I 'm a writer , and either the original writers idea was butchered by sensors and executives , or Hollywood has proven once more that it is n't what you know , or how well something is written , but who you know.If SCREAM brought horror movies back to the theatres ... then VALENTINE took them right back out .
 I was so disappointed with this film . I had hoped this movie would show off David Boreanaz 's talent . Who knows . Maybe he does n't have any , beyond what we see on Angel -LRB- I doubt that though -RRB- . This role was a re-hash of Angel . Brooding and skulking . Do n't ask him to try something new . Do n't take advantage of his obvious comedic abilities . The ending was so obvious about 5 minutes into the film . Of course the ugly boy will become the handsome , sexy male . Gee , who 'd a thunk it .
 Jamie Blanks is a fan of slasher films and was trying to pay homage to people like Carpenter and Craven with this film . But it just goes to show you that just because you toss in a few name actors it does n't guarantee that you 'll have a good movie . The film is technically sound and looks pretty good , but it 's filled with all the overdone slasher cliche 's , is ridiculously predictable , and rather dull.As the story goes a nerdy 6th grader is laughed at by all the girls in his class . He 's unjustly sent to reform school and we cut ahead 10 years where presumably the killer is back for his revenge on all those that wronged him . Whooppeee ! I got laughed at by plenty of girls in the 6th grade . What boy did n't ? Did n't send us off on a murder spree . Well two of the girls are murdered after receiving death threats in their Valentines cards -LRB- cool -RRB- and the rest throw a Valentine 's party . Great idea right ? Get all the targets together in one place . So much easier to kill all of them , all the while wearing an oh so cute cupid mask.Denise Richards is along as the ubiquitous horror film eye-candy but do n't get too excited . There 's nothing to be seen here on the part of any of the women and one wonders just what the `` R '' rating was for . She does die a fairly neat death though . I liked David Boreanaz as Angel but he 's essentially playing the same , stone-faced , single-expressioned pretty boy here as he did in Angel . It would have been nice to see a little depth.Technically the film looks good . It 's filmed well and they try to throw a lot of red herrings at you to disguise the killer 's identity but if you 're a slasher film vet you probably wo n't have too much trouble figuring it out very early on . Valentine is not entirely horrible , but it 's so unoriginal that you 'll be sure you 've seen it a dozen times already .
 This movie is one of the worst ` horror ' movies I 've seen -LRB- believe me , I 've seen a lot since I 'm a horror movie fan -RRB- ... Truly , the only good thing about this movie is its soundtrack , that 's about it .
 It 's a shame that Valentine is the first big-screen appearance of David Boreanaz -LRB- that I know of -RRB- , because its one of the more dismal offerings in the post-modern slasher flick genre . I noticed in the credits that `` Valentine '' is based on a book , and I can only wonder about it , given the hogwash the film turned out to be.If this chap Jamie Blanks is such a fan of the genre , he sure does n't show it , since he ignores both the tricks of the genre and innovative twists on them . Cupid or Jeremy Melton or whatever the masked killer is supposed to be called lacks the meance of even `` Scream 's '' Ghostface , let alone one of the titans like Michael Myers . Blanks dispenses with the ways in which said menace can be established , as well as the ways in which Scream turned the nature of the killer on its head by keeping the villain all too human . No reason why the killer wears a mask or kills the way he does is ever given . Further , the killer seems to be something of an amateur , taking lives in ways that are neither efficient , horrifying , nor ironic . The relationship established between Boreanaz and the killer in the final minute of the film is , in turns , both painfully obvious and a let down . Its too obvious for the film 's ` big star ' to have this relationship.The character building of the five lead actresses is a nice touch , but we 're never given a reason to care for them , and , thus , never give a damn about what happens to them . The audience could identify with Jamie Lee Curtis or Heather Langenkamp all too well , but with these ladies , not at all . Its only the strong , if unsympathetic , preformances by these actresses and the high production vales which keep me from giving `` Valentine '' a single star.Keep trying Jamie . Michael and Jason and Freddie do n't have anything to worry about just yet .
 I still ca n't believe that Jamie Blanks -LRB- the director of Urban Legend -RRB- directed this movie !!! This movie failed in every element to provide a scary movie . The first weak element was the directing.The second weak element was the plot . The story did not deliver anything new . It was a big failure , because it was just a bad mimic for the best scary movies Halloween , Scream , Urban Legend & I know What You Did Last Summer.The third weak element was that everything was very much predictable , even the ending too was weak & predicatable.The fourth weak element was the lack of suspense . Of course when the directing , plot & events are weak how can there be suspense ?!! Simply this movie was not creative at all . I 'd recommend `` Jeepers Creepers '' instead .
 There have been audiences for horror films for generations . In the 1930s Dracula and Frankenstein were so popular they spawned sequels , which were rarities in those days . Valentine 's origins do n't go back that far . They date to the 1970s , when cheaply produced movies like Friday the 13th and Halloween were making producers rich . These were so called slasher flicks , in which cute and not very bright teenagers were done in by predatory fiends with unearthly powers . Valentine 's characters are a bit older , but they are also cute and rather dimwitted . As movies in general go , it is n't that good , but judged within the horror genre , which has fallen on hard times lately , it 's decent enough.The movie starts in a school gymnasium where a group of sixth graders are attending a dance . The class geek asks several girls to dance with him and is quite rudely rejected . Later , a much less attractive girl agrees to dance with him . They wind up smooching under the bleachers . A rowdy group of boys catches them , and when the frightened girl says the geek attacked her , they beat him up . The poor kid winds up being sent to reform school . -LSB- Horror buffs already know where all this is headed . -RSB- Thirteen years later , we find out that the girls involved in the incident have grown up to be best friends . Life is good , and all of them have bright futures . Or they think they do . Someone , however , has held an awesome grudge all these years and is out for murderous revenge . Is it the boy or is it someone you 'd least suspect ? The movie does a reasonably good job of keeping us guessing until the very end . That ending is not nearly as clever or as logical as the movie 's makers hoped it would be , but it 's no sillier than others in films of its type.The cast is somewhat above par for this sort of thing . The most interesting performance is given by Jessica Capshaw , whose mother , Kate , is Mrs. Steven Spielburg . It 's a bit unsettling to see Denise Richards in yet another horror flick . She 's proved several times she can do better career-wise . Director Jamie Banks , who also did Urban Legends , keeps the action moving at a brisk pace and provides a reasonable amount of jolting moments . Much of the movie was filmed in someone 's huge house in California . Its rather Gothic decor makes a suitable backdrop .
 Great things here
 this movie really is n't as good as I thought it would be . I only wanted to see it because I am a big fan of Katherine Hegil but shhe ws in the began of the movie for like only 7 or atlest 10 minutes . After that it really was n't scary as it sounds . The BIZAR part of the moive was in the end . Go seee it for yourself but for Katherine Hegil the and atleast stay awake for the half of it .
 Well , being a fan of genre slasher films , I decided to give this a test run . Not only was I disgusted at the simple-hack - 'em - up plot -LRB- a la the two stars -RRB- , but how it mercilessly rips off much better and more suspenseful horror flicks . `` Valentine '' is basically about a nerdy high-schooler who was beaten and humiliated at the junior high prom who gets sworn revenge against the five women who have rejected him twenty years after . A simple plot for sex , beautiful women and plenty of gore . `` Valentine '' has some good points about it . One is one of the bitchy girls , played by the always sexy Denise Richards , who enjoys chewing on the scenery and the wafer-thin dialogue , while David Boreanaz gives the movie a fresh look and feel , while still wearing his traditional `` Angel '' smile . The last good thing mentioning about this movie is that it has about some good moments of suspense that go along with its constantly meandering plot . Not enough for a five-star rating , but it 's enough . `` Valentine '' is a dumb , brutal , merciless and predictable slasher film , only highlighted with some -LRB- only a few -RRB- moments of suspense and the enjoyable performances by Denise Richards and David Boreanaz.Rated R for strong violence and gore , sexuality and for language .
 I rented this movie expecting something much more then I got . Maybe I just wanted to see it because of its female cast , or I expected another scream , but there were so many things wrong with this script . First comes the part when Shelly runs from the killer and into the morgue , then hides in a BODY BAG . Predictable and forshadowing about what will happen to her in the next moment . Next , when Lilly dies after being shot with three arrows and falling from a balcony into a dumpster , no ever knows she 's dead but the killer . Then comes the part when people who had nothing to do with Jeremy in the sixth grade start getting killed -LRB- like Dorothy 's boyfriend and Kate 's crossdressing neighbor -RRB- , which proves that the killer is in fact NOT Jeremy . And when exactly did the detective get beheaded and have his severed head thrown in the fountain ? Finally , the worst part was when the killer is shot dead before the mask is removed , so you have no idea what the motives were , and when Kate and Adam hug and nosebleed , the blood comes out at an awkward angle , displaying a poor job on special effects.Now the film is not atrocious like I Still Know What You Did Last Summer , so it could be worth watching more than once , and any red-blooded male can dig Denise Richards , maybe more so than Jennifer Love Hewitt , but good-looking actresses can not save the film when it is poorly written . Hell , I think I could have written a better script and storyline . I 'm also real bored with all this `` nu-metal '' that dominates the soundtrack . -LRB- I Think -RRB- the underground of extreme metal features much more skill , but the general public hates it and when the script is already meant for the paper shredder , a bunch of uncommercial death and black metal will not get the film the audience that Hollywood craves .
 This movie is just a new-age Friday the 13th , as five friends -LRB- led by Denise Richards -RRB- are haunted by their past from a killer wearing a cherub mask -LRB- like a hockey mask of Jason -RRB- that is slowly killing everyone . This movie has more than a dozen characters and they all have a reason to be the masked killer , so you constantly wonder who is the killer . This is less like a horror movie , and more like suspense , because you see the killer stalking the characters , but never any real gore -LRB- you know how they get killed , with a knife , axe , glass , drill , but you never see it happen -RRB- . The movie is rather weak , and draws more around taboo subjects like cross dressing , tying up and wax fetishes to get across to the audience -LRB- also the fact that there are several beautiful women wearing tank tops , but no nudity -RRB- . I hate having to say that , but this movie is just that bad . There are even funny mess-ups in the movie such as in one scene after someone was stabbed there is no blood on the knife !
 This movie does not deserve even 1 star . The story is boring and what makes it even worse is that the `` special '' effects are from the 90s and the dialog is totally stupid . There is a reason why you can not see a preview of the movie before purchasing . Nobody would buy it .
 Overly dramatic , though typical for '50s outcast characterizations . Brando is believable as a rebel and the best part of the film is the painful past you see behind his eyes , as well as the invisible wall he puts up . Of course it takes enormous talent to put those feelings across without vocalizing them ; the director 's importance of keeping the rebel 's past and feelings a mystery IS the film 's essence . But the plot itself is not enough for me to recommend the film or want to see it again .
 Two motorcycle gangs terrorize a small town , one of which is led by Johnny Strabler -LRB- Marlon Brando -RRB- , a rebellious but misunderstood young man who falls in love with the sheriff 's daughter.Back in 1953 , when `` The Wild One '' was released , it was considered to be such a `` dangerous '' movie that it was banned in Britain -LRB- apparently censors feared that it would encourage teenagers to imitate Brando and his fellow bikers -RRB- . By modern standards , however , it is hard to imagine an average teenager sitting through this film in its entirety , much less being inspired by it . `` The Wild One '' is yet another one of those films that you `` should see '' because of its historical importance rather than because it is actually a good film.The script and acting in this film are , for the most part -LRB- Brando being the exception -RRB- , on par with your average 1950 's B-grade sci-fi movie . The storyline is all over the place and many of the characters ' actions barely make sense . The story has little by way of an introduction -LRB- stuff more or less just happens -RRB- and the ending is awkwardly wordy . However , it is also the first film to show the youth culture of the time -LRB- or of any time -RRB- and for that reason is of interest . The message of the film
 All those reviewers who gave this film 5 and 4 stars are really digging deep into their charity boxes . This is an incredibly dated , slow and boring movie . It is only memorable because of the Brando iconography
 OK ... Brando is pretty good being Brando towards the end of this film . . Lee Marvin is good ... the bikes are ok . . but all those black and white , sound stage , Mayberry RFD , enclosed , interior shots of the outdoors , interior shots of bars , restaurants , that look , at best , sterile , can not save an actor , no matter how great he is ...
 Pathetic rip-off of Invasion of the Body Snatchers aboutseedpods from outer space possessing people in a remoteCalifornia valley-sound familiar ? Yet another Charles Bandbummer ! I swear My Dinner with Andre had better specialeffects !
 Now I love a good cheesy b-movie just as much as the next guy , especially ones affiliated with Charles Band . However there are movies that are so bad they end up being good , and then there movies that are so bad ... They 're just bad . This ten car pile-up disaster , Seed People , unfortunately falls into the latter category.Hundreds of years ago , some giant seed pods from outer space fell to earth and now they 've sprouted into alien plants that transform humans into deadly plant-alien creatures . Now the fate of the world rests in the hands of some dorky geologist and a cliche mad scientist.As exciting as all of this sounds , the resulting film is a dry and amateurish affair that when watched in its entirety could only be described as agonizing . The plot itself , as hackeneyed and played out as it is , is still rich with possibilities for some gooey , gory b-horror goodness . Sadly , that opportunity is completely wasted . A misfire on every level possible , not even recommended for the hardcore horror fan . * / ****
 Giant seeds from outer space invade the Earth !!! Their method of domination ? ROLLING !!! Cuddle up with a can of Round-Up and prepare to laugh your * ss off at how horribly bad this horror film is ! : -RRB-
 regret we bought this . Got it for thanksgiving day sale and it sucks ... guess we will just think twice and read reviews before purchasing next year !
 When I was younger , I used to read about Greek and Norse mythology and watch as many movies about these mythological heroes as possible , from Steve Reeves as Hercules , Kirk Douglas as Ulysses to Jason and the Argonauts . Wrath of the Titans is painfully bad , largely because of screenplay , editing and dialogue . It 's basically a movie for children who do n't know any better .
 I hope they stop trying to make these movies because this and clash of the titans have n't come close to the original . This movie was flat out horrible
 the movie was streamed through amazon instant video , it was a little hurky jerky but good none the less . However , the movie itself was pathetic . some of the special effects were good , but nothing mind blowing and the product itself was lacking . I was sorry i was so excited to see it ...
 This movie just proves that some people will watch anything ... just throw a lot of bright colors , movement , and loud noises together and watch the money roll-in ! The reason Hollywood keeps putting out utter garbage like this is because we keep paying to see it . I really have to stop letting my friends drag me to watch this visual vomit .
 The bottomline is that if you want some background noise while you are relaxing for the day , this is the movie . If you want something that will keep your attention and produce riveting action -- do n't spend money on this.I have to admit that this was pretty bad ... but this is indicative of many 21st Century movies I have seen at this point -- no distinguished plot , actors -LRB- despite fame -RRB- , and leaves you unfufilled when seeking a great flick . This movie can best be likened to a bad hangover morning-you kinda sleep it out . It took me 2 nights to watch this movie and I fell asleep before the first hour of it . I think maybe it was due to the immense amount of near-whisper lines that the characters had.To it 's credit , the graphics are pretty decent CGI animation , but you can tell that the intense details of a great CGI just are n't there-maybe it was budget constraints after wasting money on great actors so that they could fall out of glory from this movie.In regards to ` sticking to the story of greek mythology ' , well that 's a whopping F. . . but then again people are making movies like Abe Lincoln
 This DVD totally sucks . It is the worst case of animation I have ever seen . Do not buy this crappy DVD . Trust me you will regret it .
 After the great special effects laiden but terribly done remake of `` Clash of the Titans '' , it was expected a sequel would come . Now with `` Wrath of the Titans '' it has , in this flick Perseus -LRB- Sam Worthington , `` Man on a Ledge '' -RRB- is asked by his father Zeus -LRB- Liam Neeson , `` Taken '' -RRB- to help the gods before Hades -LRB- Ralph Finnes , `` Red Dragon '' -RRB- releases the Titans from the underworld and they along with their demonic leader Kronos can wage war on the earth and the heavens.Thats about it for the story , the sets are lush and impressive , and much like `` Clash '' there 's not a lot of good acting -LRB- which honestly is n't what people go to these movies for -RRB- . A few other characters in the cast are Ares -LRB- Edgar Ramirez , `` Vantage Point '' -RRB- , Agenor -LRB- Toby Kebbell , `` Prince of Persia
 The story line was incredibly shallow and did not make me intrigued at all . This made all the scenes seemed forced and therefore less entertaining .
 The disk will not load on my blue ray mechine . I have tried 10 time and each time I get an error message . I am really dissappointed . I guess I paid for a movie and got a coaster !!!
 This is not just a bad film , it is an awful film . Beyond CGI and spectacular action , there is nothing behind it of interest . There are many reasons for this.First , for anyone who knows mythology , it simply ignores what is known as the most basic stories . Perseus was one of the earliest heroes , and because of his abilities was seen as a direct challenge to the Gods , but they all survived for later adventures , in particular for the Iliad and Odyssey , but everything else that followed . Yet here , you have the gods dying off ! Moreover , the plot of Cronus emerging is also essentially made up . Now , a hollywood version does n't need to precisely follow known mythology to forge a good plot , but this is so far off that they should n't use the names of the Greek Gods at all . -LRB- This was extremely disappointing to me as an amateur classicist , but it will not disappoint just pedants - it is bad for kids interested in mythology . -RRB- Second , the characters remain almost completely undeveloped . Perseus is a kind of automaton , a superhero who miraculously recovers from wounds , etc. . Sure , he has doubts about supporting the gods , but that is superficial . The worst failing is with the Gods . In mythology , they have extremely complex and multi-layered personalities , a delight to watch in a parallel story as the human drama unfolds . But in this film , they are 2-dimensional and their actions and motives hardly make any sense . This is a missed opportunity for storytelling.Third , the film completely fails to present a coherent picture of the powers of the Gods , which have distinct limits in mythology , instead presenting them as mysteriously omnipotent and then vulnerable . Why are the monsters there , what can they do or not do , and how do they fit into the story ? None of these questions are addressed implicitly , which you would expect from a subtle script . As such , it makes little sense and is another missed opportunity.The only thing I can conclude is that the producers were disinterested and just wanted to make a glitzy action film that would rely on star power to sell it . The result is that it comes off as a crassly commercial product that utterly ignores the literary tradition on which it is based . This stand in stark contrast to the excellent productions of Ray Harryhausen , who succeeded in creating mythology films that were more or less respected the tradition while being great action films as well.I can not recommend this to anyone who expects more than mindless action . Even the wonderful actors are wasted in this .
 I 'm writing this review 2 weeks after watching the movie and I ca n't remember a thing . It had okay action at best . I used a discount code to get it so not that big of a loss .
 Very disappointed in the movie , never saw a movie that could not keep my attention until this one . I do not recommend this movie to anyone-sorry .
 The movie is great , as you can see by my review on the 3d Blu-Ray edition . This Instant Video came with the purchase of the movie . The restriction on when you could watch the movie made it impossible for me to take advantage of it . I have seen it on my iPad through the digital copy . If the restriction was not there , I may have enjoyed having this for free .
 I could not finish this movie because it kept freezing . The last several times I have rented a movie from Amazon they all have frozen .
 I would rather be kicked in the balls for two hours than watch this movie again . The first one was ten times better and that sucked too .
 Warning ! I bought the combo pack . The DVD has a copy-protection called `` Cinavia '' which renders it unplayable on my Sony Blu-Ray player . Thus , buying the DVD of this or any movie with `` Cinavia '' is a waste of money . I can play the DVD on another , older DVD player , but apparently some Blu-Ray machines , plus PS3 machines will not play these Cinavia movies . There is no way to know if your Blu-Ray player will play a Cinavia-protected movie until you shell out your money , open it up and try to play it . At that time , no store will refund your money as the package has been opened . Be careful and do a search for movies with Cinavia and avoid them like the plague -- else you will be wasting your money to this scam .
 Ca n't believe this movie cost 150 million dollars.The only good thing was the mythological creatures.Too much talking and not enough action.Not even Fiennes and Neeson can save this movie.There was some fighting scenes with weapons and they were badly edited with too many quick , close up cuts.Save your money and if you 're curious to watch it.Wait for the dvd.Only good performances were from Toby Kebell which was the comic relief .
 Since this is only Ultraviolet , I WILL NOT recommend nor purchase . If there is no other digital copy choice , I choose not to participate . I do n't want another forum I must sign into to watch a movie I have purchased .
 What a horrible sequal . A hollywood blunder , bad acting , bad plot , no movement . Just Bad!Most of the actors phoned this one in . They should have put nicholas cage in there too . Choko , fromDomino , was a horrible choice for Aries . It lacked too much to list . And Kronos , what was that . what about theother titans .
 I buy movies with digital copies intentionally and even though I 'm not a big UltraViolet fan , I can still download the movies and watch on my many trips away from home when I do n't always have internet to stream . Flixster 's website has given me problems redeeming the code for this and upon sending a `` help ticket '' asking for an iTunes compatible version because of website problems , I was simply told that WB Flixster will only do UltraViolet on this movie.They did not resolve the problem in the way I had asked and hoped for but more problematic is that they did not even comment on the actual problem of their website not allowing me to redeem the movie in the first place . Disappointing outcome from WB and Flixster , especially after Clash of the Titans was a Mac and WIndows compatible download.AS for the movie , it 's not great and the first was better but it really depends on what you like . I was only wanting some good special effects and action sequences so plot was not as important for this particular movie .
 The special effects were great - too bad about the story . As it stands , this movie is all glitz and no real substance .
 We love Liam , but as much as the family wanted to enjoy this movie , it was just lacking ... something -LRB- we all agreed -RRB- . Because it is Part II to Clash of the Titans , most of you will eventually watch it out of dedication . If for nothing else your OCD will get the better of you as if it were unfinished business . All I can say is , do n't say I did n't warn you . Personally I 'd wait until it is released on cable .
 The citizens of ancient Greece spoke with a mish mash of Australian , Cockney , and english accents apparently . i know this was probably going to be trouble when in interviews the star went on and on about how he was allowed to grow his hair out for the role . No one really mentioned story or characterization in six pages of interviews . So I went in expecting a thin story and a fun ride . little did I know it was a ride to Hades by way of the river Crap . They somehow managed to make a thinner story than they did in the Clash of the Titans remake . It feels less story and more like a rough draft of the first story outline .
 Dude i rated this 1 star . 1st of all you sent Blu-Ray Case but obviously the disc wasnt Blu-Ray . It was a straight up DVD and not only that but you could see the recording . I know Im all late telling you this , but i just wanted to let you know dude . By the way the you could tell the title of the disc was imprinted on it cause you can even scratch it off
 I downloaded in the US to watch after a flight over to Germany . I missed the 48 hour time limit I guess , it did n't work .1 star because it would n't play , I hear it 's good .
 little needs to be said here ! Crappy movie!Poorly written ! Waste of time ! Excuse for people to waste money!Do not rent!Money flushed away!Not much more time should be wasted reviewing this bad movie !
 yes why i feel this way movie i have dose not work yes i got incontact with the seller and he sent m another copy with the same problem like really whats realy good waiting and seeing what happen next
 this movie is not expected to great since the last one was not well made . So if you like movies of people walking around in 3-D -LRB- sounds awesome i know right ... -RRB- then get it .
 Save your money , I even bought in HD bad quality . So sad 3 great actors in this movie . I fell asleep not enough times for this movie to end .
 absolute crap . The animation is not old school its just down right clumsy . The story line is weak . I had to watch it over several sittings to get through it . And if you want bad audio this is definitely for you .
 Not sure why Disney released this movie so quickly after the first one . I really enjoyed the first installment a couple of years ago ... great storyline and special effects . This movie , though , is terribly uncohesive and confuses one quite easily with about 87 different subplots . Yes , the special effects still rock , but the plot is as thin as paper . It 's terrible ! Rent this one only if you love computer graphics and care nothing about storyline . I actually felt a bit sorry for the actors here as they definitely deserved something better .
 I must say I was extremely disappointed with the is movie , it was , at best B grade and poorly acted with a wishy washy story line , no more Titan sequels for me !
 Though I did enjoy much of the action and the general look of the film , I was constantly telling myself `` it 's just a movie . '' Each time the story altered the mythology for the movie 's sake was a distraction ... and it was often . I 'm accustomed to the practice of combining characters and events to shorten a story to fit into a film 's time frame . But , this film -LRB- and it 's sequel -RRB- went beyond saving time . They could n't even get Pegasus right . Perhaps they should have taken a look at the Harry Hamlin film as a reference . Pegasus is the name of a single flying horse , not a type of animal . The writers must have been D&D players who also did n't know the difference . Next time I want to watch the story I 'll watch the 1981 version . It 's fun with fewer distractions .
 If all you 've ever had as a toy growing up was mass produced plastic then you 're excused for not wanting uniqueness , individuality , personality in your entertainment toys - not your fault.Yes , the packaging was spectacular , i.e. the CGI . Except that the moving labyrinth was borrowed from Tomb Raider . The burning , fire-ash look , in people and other worldly critters has been around for a decade and is getting old . The CGI craggy canyons , caverns and rock walkways , also heavily borrowed , is becoming a CGI crutch.The story lacked soul ; just superficial and bland . Usual , not-creative & stereotypic , gods against gods with humans as pawn.The acting from the first moments had that stand still and RECITE , monotonically , some dialogue that sounded like a mix of middle English and 21st century urban slang . Even the side-to-side head shaking gestures meant to convey some emotion like frustration seemed mechanical and rehearsed . At a point near the beginning an unscripted editing missed Pike -LRB- Andromeda -RRB- as we see her rolling her eyes in disbelief at what was being said . Neeson , like Willis , must be coasting for paychecks because he 's put out a few of these rutted robotic performances recently . Worthington is getting there .
 I was terribly disappointed , shocked in fact that this sequel with its star cast could be so awful . Thrilled I did n't go see this at the theater , I would have been steaming upset . It 's not worth the current price to pay on Amazon either , wait till it 's free . At least you wo n't be upset with yourself that you spent money on this , just be upset that you bothered to waste your time . Oh well , you 've been warned .
 A bombastic , 3-D fantasy sequel like this can normally be expected to have a throwaway script favoring computer animation and motion-capture creatures , but this takes lifeless moviemaking to new lows . Did the first movie even generate enough boxoffice to greenlight this kind of rehash project ? The single-daddy demigod bit is laughable from the get go , but there 's plenty of body-slamming action and noise pollution to keep you from nodding off . Worthington has n't the presence to carry a peplum potboiler like this , while Neeson , Fiennes and Nighy are compellingly wasted . The muzak sounds like judgement day .
 First let me say that I am rarely one to complain about an old movie , even a classic movie , getting a modern day makeover . I see negative reviews of remakes based alone on the feeling that some movies are sacred and should never be messed with . I say if you can take a classic and make it even better , then by all means have at it . The 2010 version ofClash of the Titansfailed at making the 1981 version better and the 2012 Wrath sequel did n't come close to redeeming the 2010 debacle.I was actually encouraged when I saw thatBattle
 I am a great fan of Greek mythology , but the second movie in this series , like the first , is not great . Given the special effects and the writers available today , it 's truly sad that the producers could n't come up with a better story .
 To much hype for an overall not well put together movie ! 1 star if any ! I 'm glad I did n't see it at the movies
 Not as fun as the first one , many `` why did they do that ? '' moments . While the effects are mostly great -LRB- kind of iffy on the cyclops -RRB- , the acting is not there , a talented cast is wasted , teams are just thrown together , and what could be mindless popcorn entertainment just seems a waste .
 I thought that it would be more about the titans . Instead , it 's some suped up love story , with a few graphics thrown in for good measure . Do n't waste your time or money on this one !
 Terrible sequel . It was almost like the actors did n't feel like acting . Some of the action and special effects were okay but I was disappointed overall . I 'm struggling to remember one thing that I did like ... and I can not . I hope they do n't bother with another one .
 I loved this movie . However ... they will not sell THE NORMAL DIGITAL COPY . CA N'T EVEN RENT IT . -LRB- This reminds me of an old saying
 Since I knew the director is Jonathan Liebesman -LRB- Battle
 This movie was made . The writers were paid , crews were hired ... . actors were hired . Good actors . Good actors who must 've gotten caught up in some studio contract a long time ago and could n't say no . But yeah , this happened . This is one of the worst movies I 've ever see . It 's all over the place . Nothing tracks or makes sense ... it 's just a studio produced story . A complete waste of time , including everyone who worked on it and probably got paid .
 This movie was a real waste of my life , and money . I could n't believe Liam Neeson needed money bad enough that he would be seen in this movie . The computer graphics were pretty much most of the movie and stunk in my opinion . I wish I had not gone with my friends to see it but peer pressure got the best of me . If you have nothing better to do with your time and money , and really like this stuff , go ahead and try it , but do n't expect much .
 To say that Wrath of the Titans is marginally better than Clash of the Titans is like saying your glass of water is n't as wet , if anything it 's the density of the cup it 's in it . I might have liked Wrath slightly more since I was n't expecting to like it any less . I thought a Clash of the Titans redux would have actually been pretty good since the original was no great shakes of a movie to begin with , it was badly written and had hopelessly out of date effects in it 's day , it never occurred to me that a remake could actually be worst.This sequel picks up a decade or so later with the gods all butt hurt because mankind has stop praying to them . So Zeus -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- gets himself kidnapped by his spiteful brother Hades -LRB- Ralph Fiennes -RRB- and his ungrateful son Aries -LRB- Edgar Ramirez -RRB- . So in a reversal from his Taken role Liam needs his son , Peruses -LRB- Sam Worthington -RRB- to lead a rescue mission and save his divine derriere.In what looks like a big budgeted Syfy channel movie , Wrath boasts good looking special effects that manage to remain unengaging and a story that is horribly dull and covers only the most familiar of ground . A few things did cross my mind while watching this movie , first I want to know how is it that the makers can get such talented actors to deliver such unspeakable dialogue with such earnesty . The other is that Rosumund Pike is very beautiful even when covered in dirt , she 's also not a bad actress , I wonder why real stardom has remained aloof to her.Told in a completely straight manner , this movie never has any fun with it 's silly premise . It takes it 's self far too seriously . At least the wonderful Bill Nighy has a few good moments as Hephaestus , he gets to mock the `` release the Kraken '' line , talk about seducing a mermaid and has a moment reminisce of the Black Knight from Monty Python and the Holy Grail.At least the 3-D effects are an improvement over the last time , at least I assume so , I did n't actually see it in the third dimension , but unlike it 's predecessor it was filmed in 3-D . I 'm glad that I did not see it in such as I probably would have hurt myself trying to pull off the ridicules cobwebs masquerading as facial hair on Neeson.If you liked the first movie , you might like this one . If you like Greek mythology , good movies or entertainment , then I would suggest passing this one over . Worth a few laughs , but awful lugubrious getting there.Check out my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
 Ca n't believe I spent my hard earned money on this movie ... I wish I could see the manager and ask for my money back !!! Only saving grace is the popcorn and soda I had watching it did n't cost me $ 20 . Spend your money on the Dollar Menu at your local fast food joint ... it will be a much better buy !
 This movie creators just wanted to add a second movie to the first one , just because . It was n't a good idea at all ! They totally bombed on this one!The first one `` Clash of the Titans '' was good and well-made , but this one had a fading plot , HORRIBLE acting , and a never ending story.They should have just ended the first one the way it was and not have added a second one like this , because it was a waste of money , time , and just energy of everyone who helped make it and everyone watching it .
 I love the movie the 2 stars is due to yet again another terrible UltraViolet that can not be imported into my Itunes Movie Library . Wow I can stream it ... sorry all but again the movie was amazing and I also loved the first and hope their is a 3rd . But when you sell a digital copy 95 % of the customers want it for their apple products so let 's stop trying to make these digital copies that do n't do what customers want . Digital Copy = Itunes
 I hate to say this , but this movie was a train wreck . There was no real transition 's between scenes , the action was all over the place , the dialog could have been better and the acting was very well done for what they were giving to work with . I would rate this a D Movie . I am sadden as well to say that I hope that , the sequal to
 Liam Neeson , Ralph Fiennes , Bill Nighy , and even Toby Kebbel are all wonderful actors . I dont think many will disagree with that statement . Sam Worthington is just about useless as an actor ... unfortunately i may be alone in that thought . Not that Sam specifically is to blame for this putrid puddle of bile . For those unfamiliar with the story ... go to google and look it up . For those who are , you have my sympathy for sitting through this garbage . Not a coherent or even interesting plot in the what seemed like forever that it took to conclude it . The writer needs to have his keyboard taken the hell away from him immediately , the director needs to be shot -LRB- in the leg ... not condoning murder -RRB- , and the entire class needs to be slapped and have their union cards suspended till they get to the nearest theater/acting class they can find.Its like all the worst things about the fast and the furious were taken and molded into greek mythology . Please consider that before you waste precious and beautiful life on this crap .
 loved the original clash of the titans - hated the remake . still , i had high hopes for this movie . special effects were good but the story dragged and was bland at best . very disappointed .
 I grew up with the original Clash of the titans with stop-motion clay puppets . And that version was immensely better than the prequel of this movie with the same title.This could have been so much more . I just felt ... empty . Bleak . Devoid of story , character and even a decent SFX budget .
 My son was looking forward to watching this video and much to our dismay after about 20 minutes it stopped running . Very disappointing . Redbox is a lot cheaper and more reliable .
 If you must have this dvd , wait till it is on the bottom of one of those $ 2 barrels at walmart , wont be a long wait .
 This movie was a disappointment . Defineately does not measure up to the first . On the plus side , it had lots of cool special affects . I could not thing of anything else that impressed me .
 This is a remake that should n't have been done . While the special effects were better the story is essentially the same and the acting is no better . If an HD version of the 80 's movie were available I 'd recommending watching that instead .
 I was looking to rent the live action movie &#34; Wrath of the Titans &#34; starring Sam Worthington that was in the movie theaters in 3D on Amazon.com , and I accidentally picked this movie , which is a very cheaply made animated version.Since the titles of both movies are exactly the same , they both come up using the Amazon search engine , and it is easy to rent the wrong one.This movie should be listed as &#34; Wrath of the Titans
 This was supposed to be a sequel worth watching but it was sooooooo BORING !! It is because i love Greek Mythology that I gave this movie 2 stars and not one : -LRB-
 Nothing wrong with the disk , seller is good . But the movie itself is bad and actors didnt help to make you enjoy the movie
 ... that 's how bad it was . Special effects sucked , story was n't any good and even Sam Worthington could n't save this movie from drowning .
 I was excited to watch this on Blu-ray . We enjoyed the movie but it does not have the same quality as other blue-rays . The packaging was normal but the disk it white . It plays pixelated with the colors distorted the way a DVD would play on HD TV .
 this should be label as a cartoon and not the real movie , i really got sucker into this one , i was really disaapointed when i went to my mail box and found this in it , after looking at it i am now trying to sell to any one who want to pay what i did.i have order alot from amazon -LCB- somewhere about 30 or 40 times aready -RCB- this is the first time i feel let down and did n't get what i paid for , for me this is n't worth a star rating.i did n't understand nothing i was watching.got to give this a rating , but i just want you to know that i don ; t mean this rating , it just something i got do to get my review to you
 After The Clash of the Titans , this fell into the Sequell curse . I loved the first one , which killed the second one .
 I thought paying extra for HD would be worth it , but it was not . The show was so pixelated it was awful to watch . Netflix shows better , without HD or the extra cost .
 Badly put together , just like the original . A movie with a bunch of great actors saying corny dialogue amidst expensive special effects . Loved the final battle with the rock demon , though .
 Disclaimer
 My normal method for coercing myself to sleep when I have a headache is to watch a bad movie , then write a bad review , then hopefully be exhausted enough to drift off to dreamland . Enter the Wrath of the Titans . As it turned out , I did n't have to write a bad review in order to fall asleep
 Why did n't Hollywood learn from `` Clash '' ? It was awful and so was this one . I 'm not referring to the 80s stop-motion classic BTW .
 Never mind that this movie takes mythology and twists it around until it is unrecognizable , the CGI effects and the noisy soundtrack seem tailor-made for adolescent boys who just want to see things blow up . When the characters hit each other it sounds like a car hitting a wall . Childish , stupid and embarassing . And the acting ? Do n't ask .
 After the remake of the first movie , I was expecting a little more from this sequel.I mean , really , with the power of 3-D creation available today , why make a creature such as the `` hydra '' so ugly in this movie?Killing off the girl before the sequel even starts ? What the hell ?!? I paid to see this in a theater , and viewing it once was more then enough.This one is a RENTAL at best ...
 Save your money and time on this one , it is the worse movie I 've seen in many years of watching movies and I 've seen a lot of movies , I 'm not even going to describe it because is not worth it , take my advise .
 This wo n't be a pleasant review for Wrath of the Titans . First , I had my misgivings about the movies before I decide to see it ; I should have heed my inner voice . The first Titan movie -- and I do n't mean the exceptional 1981 version -- was barely palatable , considering its 1981 's basic storyline -- which they screwed up -- managed to barely get a pass from me . A lousy pass , I might say . The current Titan version stinks . In the film , Perseus appeared dumb-struck , bordering on imbecilic . Perseus spoke like he 's still on a two week drinking binge . Unintelligible . But I would n't think of dumping Perseus this inflection alone ; the majority of rough and tumble heroes of the action movies , in past 10 years , have lost all scope and coherence . The special effects , somewhat impressive , also failed . Every scene , every moment the monsters appeared , along with the environment , appeared dirty and grungy , as if the ancient and magical Mediterranean world was unfit for `` proper '' civilization . Well , let me tell you something
 wow that was so bad . I hated the 8 mins i saw more then words can discribe . I dont even want the 8 mins of my life back . I 'd rather just forget that happened .
 This is $ 7 more than the DVD for BluRay and Ultraviolet streaming . Not worth it . You ca n't watch ultraviolet on a plane on an iPad . I do n't buy discs with Ultraviolet anymore . I would have bought this one if it came with DigitalCopy , but I 'll just same my money and get the DVD instead .
 The preacher 's kid goes to see a `` Christian '' singer in concert he comes out on a catamaran being carried by 4 chicks and with his shirt hanging open , and then lets the women in the crowd paw him and she falls for him , how clueless can she be ? One look at that and she sould have headed for the door .
 First of all , I am not here to judge but evaluate what is evident about this movie . I did not watch the movie but the trailer . # 1 - I wonder why I did not know who Latoya was . In the real world she may believe in Jesus , but her songs are not written to give glory to God . If it is a real christian movie , like fireproof , I expect real world christians that are living out their faith in and out of hollywood should play the part . # 2 the number of sexual scenes in the trailer itself is just disturbing . Plus where did you ever see the curch giving the glory to the person who sing the song rather than the Lord . It is disturbing to find that Christians do not recongnize how satans are using a lil bit about God to get christians to buy movies . real revival my fellow christians that is all we need . There are good christians movies out there ... . watching them alone make you want to go pray !
 This was hands down the worst movie I have ever seen in my life ! Ok , I realize it was low budget , but was there A budget at all ? Worst acting I 've ever seen and the cheeziest plot ! Do n't waste your time or your money honey !
 I 'm giving this movie 1 star for trash . And 1 star for trying . This is a mess . I did n't even finish the movie . I got tired of it . I do n't know if it was trying to offend God or say christians not perfect . Their not . Only God is . The reason for 1 star for trash is because when the movie begins one of the church ladies wipe lipstick off of Angie 's mouth . She did n't hardly have none on , and it made no sense . The cussing in church was uneccessary and was on purpose . And was also silly was to busy to date doing God 's business . SINCE WHEN . The bible tells you a man and woman will leave the house and get together -LRB- pharasing -RRB- . The friend Marcia part was stupid she was always saying something smart about Jesus . The Bishop was using God against his daughter so she could n't date . And she hit him . If I hit my dad I would n't be standing . Also Devlin
 I warn you not to buy this movie if you believe that it is going to be a fun family movie night . The movie is rated pg-13 for many things including sexual situations , cursing , and drug use . Honestly , I can see why the writer needed to include the sexual situations and the drug use to show how the main character was having a hard time . However , the language is ridiculous . It included words like d -- n , h -- l , a -- , etc. . If I am not mistaken , there were over 10 curse words in the movie . Also the main character in the movie really never repents for her sins . I guess the writer just expects us to know that she did it behind the scenes . One thing that really disturbed me in this movie also was some of the very first curse words in the movie were said in a church . I highly recommend you to buy some other film worth watching like fireproof , facing the giants , love comes softly , etc. . Something with a good message , clean movie , that brings glory to God . In the first place is that not what a Christian movie is supposed to be about?Update
 I 'm just wondering who this movie is supposed to appeal to , because it is definitely NOT for a discerning Christian audience . Right away it makes dedicated `` church people '' look petty , judgmental , and uncaring -LRB- bishop , church ladies -RRB- . It is very unrealistic -LRB- a pastor as experienced as her father would not deny his daughter a date with a dedicated young man who had the nerve to even ask his permission -RRB- . It is full of bad language , violence , and sexual situations . Angie , the preacher 's kid , longs to be recognized for her talent at any cost . She joins a traveling `` gospel '' musical , but it is immediately apparent to Angie -LRB- and the viewer -RRB- that the traveling players are fakes . They do n't represent Christ on or off stage . Almost all of them drink , smoke , cuss , engage in premarital sex -LRB- regularly -RRB- , and treat each other like crap . It is ridiculous to portray the `` Christian '' audience lustily screaming for the pimp-daddy male lead 's body and velvet vocals . As if ! I feel sorry for anyone who has never had the wonderful experience of growing up in a Christian home -LRB- with truly caring parents -RRB- and a loving church community , where people truly ask `` what would Jesus do '' and then DO IT . Because people watching this film will get the wrong impression of what the Church is . There is beauty and peace in a life well lived , with few regrets . Yes , God can give you a `` marvelous testimony '' after you have made mistakes and He has helped clean you up . But this preacher 's kid must have had no reasoning abilities whatsoever
 The acting was n't believable , and you can predict the whole movie within the first few minutes . It 's like a low budget Tyler Perry film . Definitely do n't buy it . If you want to see it , rent it at the red box for $ 1 . On one of those nights where you ca n't seem to find anything good on tv , then that would be a good time to pop this dvd in .
 I was so excited to get this dvd based on the hype . I saw the ` dad ' came on Monique show and the hype was created . I saw the trailer clip and it got me excited , so when I decided to buy some dvds you can uderstand how excited I was about purchasing this dvd . The story line is drag out in the first part and rushed in the end . The main actors . . -LRB- singers -RRB- are a train wrecked - ca n't act to save their lives . It was pointless and the storyline . They depict Christianity ad church as a job . I need a vacation . The dad was clearly not sensitive to the Holy Ghost , he would have picked up a lot . It 's a waste of my money .
 I thought this movie was awful . Cliched , totally predictable , badly written , and not very believable . The characterizations were one-dimensional and paper-thin . It was like watching a bad `` gospel musical '' stage play . Ms. Luckett is attractive and has a nice voice , but her inexperience as an actress is compounded by the terrible dialogue she has to utter . I gave my copy away .
 Jane Fonda plays a call girl with a sensitive pimp and harmless businessmen for clients . She goes to a psychoanalyst on a regular basis to complain about her failed attempts to become an actress/model . We see her on the job having sex with passive businessmen who meet up with her in high rise hotels and wait for Fonda to gently guide them.Donald Sutherland plays a sad sack detective who is investigating the disappearance of an offscreen character . Most of Sutherland 's screen time is spent in mute staring and trying not to react to anything . When he does say a few lines it is in an emotionless mumble . His investigation consists of going up to hookers and asking them if they would like to be interviewed by him .99 % of the movie is Sutherland and Fonda wandering around from one setting to another asking extras if they know something .
 The film begins with a running tape recorder , then we see a dinner party . Next there is questioning about a missing man . Did he live a double life ? Then we hear a tape recording . Next girls are being inspected for advertising . -LSB- What do models do off-camera ? -RSB- `` Wow , that sounds fantastic ! '' Mission accomplished . Bree Daniels gets a harassing phone call at midnight . Who can it be ? -LSB- No caller id . -RSB- The next morning John Klute arrives to ask Miss Daniels some questions . She visits her therapist and discusses her life . Who is tapping her wire ? The film moves on slowly . -LSB- The natural lighting suggests reality , as if this was not a Hollywood film . -RSB- We hear the sordid details of her life . Is someone watching ? -LSB- Why would she care ? -RSB- The story and the search plods on . Will Klute get too deeply involved ? -LSB- Did you get a clue to that older man ? -RSB- There are scenes of a crowded party . Klute reports his results . There is a surprise afterwards . Then the film plods on . Bree speaks to her therapist again . Would anybody search Bree 's apartment ? They analyze the typewritten notes for personal characteristics . Can Klute set a trap for the murderer ? -LSB- Was that textile manufacturer under-reporting income ? -RSB- Does that man have a responsible position ? Is he a terrible man ? Does he make a confession ? Does he record conversations on tape to relive his thrills ? -LSB- Is it all very sick ? -RSB- Will Klute rescue the damsel in distress for a happy ending ? -LSB- Does anyone care ? -RSB- There are a couple of actors who became better known . This story could have been better and the film faster paced . While the story of business rivalry seems valid , it is unlikely that the body of Tom Grunnerman would disappear without a trace . Hunters and gatherers of wild crops are famous for discovering lost bodies or skeletons . See `` The Parallax View '' for a much better murder mystery film .
 Klute is a movie that aspires to the cult status of Francis Ford Coppola 's The Conversation but where The Conversation is compelling , Klute is vapid . It simply lacks inventiveness and originality.Klute is a second-rate thriller . The plot eventually takes on predictability and is short on logic and terror . Klute is one of those movies that looks great but has no real substance . You do n't care about the characters.Klute does not offer any surprises whatsoever and the ending became quite predictable before it was half over . What good is a mystery if everything is pretty obvious and you can guess everything that 's about to take place ? This attempt at a psychological thriller is mindless . The plot is thin . Guy kills for no apparent reason.In sum , Klute is a movie to avoid .
 If you like Lifetime movies on TV this is your cup of tea . Ok plot and acting but belongs on TV not as movie .
 I generally do n't write reviews but that movie was too much.I found it a bit surrealist and superficial . I did n't buy the `` I 'm on a cloud '' part they tried to stress for the main actress throughout the movie . Besides the movie fails to release strong emotions when they are supposed to flow and the characters have no real development or depth . You ca n't even call the main actress a romantic person . So when at the end the dirty cop says she is `` too romantic '' I wondered what he was talking about . Good story , though.Frankly you can get a better movie out there unless your interest is in soap-like movies .
 A down-on-his-luck stockbroker -LRB- Bobcat Goldthwaite -RRB- unbridles his seamy side when he falls in with a unscrupulous talking Standardbred named Don -LRB- played by Don , voiced by John Candy -RRB- . Despite roughshod reviews , Goldthwaite 's career went on . Don , however , was never seen or heard from again -LRB- rumor has it the bay trotter joined the Witness Protection Program after seeing the box office numbers -RRB- . Staci Layne Wilson
 oh ! we invented the cinema -LRB- I say ` We ' but I mean the folks behind Dabney Coleman 's world famous role in women 's lib . -RRB- so the western genre does n't apply here no
 Pat Cooper 's earlier records were much funnier . In this one -LRB- YOU 'RE ALWAYS YELLING -RRB- , he begins what seems like it will be funny , then either loses his train of thought or abandons it by another distraction . Also , I 'm not a fan of dirty-joke humor , which he dabbles with here . That does n't take any talent , and he should be above that .
 `` Not Rated ? '' Well I 'm rating it . It gets an ` R. ` There are a lot of ` f ' words both in English and Italian . I like almost all things Italian , and Cooper 's ` Italian ' humor is so-so , but I found the language detracted from it.If the ` f ' word does n't bother you then like I stated , it 's a so-so performance , but not all that great . This DVD is worth about $ 5 -LRB- certainly $ 10 max -RRB- for the quality of humor . As for Cooper 's performance style , it 's not what I really like , but you may if you like loud , opinionated ranting .
 I 'm a big fan of H.P. Lovecraft , and as anyone who has read many of his tales can testify , committing his works to film has got to be a challenge . While I admire the efforts that certainly went into this piece , I ca n't recommend it to fellow fans of the unique horror writer , as it is too ` cheesy ' , for lack of a better word . Low budget , yes I get it , but there 's too much more going on to shift the viewer 's attention away from the action , like the smokey lens , the rain that 's obviously overlaid on the film , the tight camera shots filled with objects to obscure . There 's just too much camouflage.The use of Cthulhu 's name for the location , was just a bit too overbearing , where the writer himself was vastly subtler , and makes it clear that names from the pantheon are rarely found or spoken . Calling the place Sarnath Gardens was more than enough to convey the nature of the homage.I do n't want to beat these guys up , as I am pleased at any efforts to bring Lovecraft 's works to the screen , but I would recommend ` The Call of Cthulhu ' , a silent black & white film with Matt Foyer , and ` Dirt Dauber ' by Steve Daniels , also black & white . Daniels successfully plays with camera angles , where this film overdoes it . There 's a TV movie from the 70s with Dean Stockwell , called ` The Dunwich Horror ' , which is early TV movie quality , but Stockwell does a good job bringing the heartless menace and revulsion inspiring nature of his character to life .
 Content wise this is the worst `` documentary '' I 've seen . I guess this is the Nollywood version of a documentary . Karo E.K.D. Akamune is completely full of himself and rattles on for minutes on end about very little to do with the Water Bicycle . There is maybe 2 minutes of the Water Bicycle in action the rest of this `` documentary '' is Karo E.K.D. Akamune rattling on and on about unrelated material . It feels like a marketing video that goes on completely too long . Instead of paying to rent this , people should be paid to watch this low quality production .
 Another Troma trauma from the worls cheapest movie studio , a proundly dumb comedy that transfers the battle of the sexes to a softball field . Strictly for the couchbound whose remote controls are broken
 The Tender Trap is one of the most aggressive defenses of marriage ever seen in the movies . Carefree Frank Sinatra is bullied by depressed married friend David Wayne into leaving his happy bachelor life for the supposed solidity of married life . Frank is eventually roped by control-freak Debbie -LRB- `` I do n't care who I marry as long as I 'm married by 22 '' -RRB- Reynolds into a presumably happily ever after married future . A depressing movie that is barely redeemed by sympathetic performances by Sinatra and Celeste Holm . David Wayne 's portrayal of a self-absorbed , cruel detached husband is o.k. in a thankless role . Debbie Reynold 's character is truly frightening .
 I love Sinatra movies . I love Reynolds . but not this one ! It is about Charlie -LCB- Sinatra -RCB- who has a string of girls . His friend Joe comes out and sees them and he wants in but he is married.He loves his wife very much but he came to get a break and to see Charlie . Charlie meets Debbie Reynolds and instatanly he falls in love.and Joe thinks he is having fun with her instead of being in love . Joe starts making friends with one of Charlies girls and charlie really does n't like it . It is just that he does n't want to admit it . This movie is not that bad BUT if you are a man you willl probably not like it ! all it was made for was girls I know because I am one!All it is , is a love movie .
 I expected this to be a musical , based on the cast and the cute song `` The Tender Trap , '' but in fact that 's the only song in it . The character Debbie Reynolds plays is positively psychotic -LRB- I had hoped she would be funny -RRB- . The plot drags on about an hour too long , and none of the characters are likable , except Celeste Holmes and Frank Sinatra 's dog . What a waste of a great cast !
 That 's all I can think of is &#34; NO . &#34; This film was inept , empty , without merit in just about all the areas that a film requires some kind of interest on the part of the audience . Boring and dull .
 John Saxon is a name instantly recognizable to the cult film fanatic . It 's easy to see why when you take a stroll through his filmography . He 's doing television work nowadays , acting in shows like `` CSI '' and Showtime 's `` Masters of Horror '' series , but you must look back to the 1970s and 1980s to understand his real claim to fame . Saxon starred , or co-starred , in many of the most memorable drive in movies of all time . Most folks recognize him from `` Enter the Dragon , '' the picture that turned Bruce Lee into a huge cult star . That 's only the beginning for the discerning exploitation fan , however . Saxon also turned in a memorable performance in Wes Craven 's `` A Nightmare on Elm Street , '' where he played the police officer father of hapless Heather Langenkamp . I can go on and on . He starred in Antonio Margheriti 's cannibal classic `` Cannibal Apocalypse , '' Bob Clark 's seminal 1974 slasher flick `` Black Christmas , '' and Dario Argento 's `` Tenebre '' . He even appeared in a fair amount of pure schlock , stuff like Roger Corman 's Star Wars knockoff `` Battle Beyond the Stars '' and Umberto Lenzi 's tepid giallo `` Nightmare Beach '' . Only once did he step behind the camera to assume directorial duties , in a little film called `` Zombie Death House '' . `` Zombie Death House , '' or `` Death House , '' is actually two movies in one . The first story arc concerns an unfortunate wretch called Derek Keillor -LRB- Dennis Cole -RRB- and his experiences with a Los Angeles mafia family headed up by the treacherous Vic Moretti -LRB- Anthony Franciosa -RRB- . Keillor , a decorated war veteran , spends a lot of time driving around town in his cool car . He looks bored , oddly enough , and so do I as the movie quickly falls into a rut . Derek drives , and drives , and drives some more . Apparently he does n't have much to do . In an effort to make a few bucks , he quickly -LRB- well , not as quick as we 'd like -RRB- hooks up with Moretti . The mob boss offers our hero a position as his chauffeur . It 's not a great job , but it does have its perks . For example , Keillor soon falls into a relationship with Vic 's main squeeze , Genelle Davis -LRB- Dana Lis -RRB- , and the two covertly consummate the affair in an out of the way motel . Not smart , not smart at all . Mob bosses are notoriously overprotective of their women , and Vic Moretti soon learns what 's going on . Instead of whacking Keillor , the crime lord kills his woman and frames Derek for the crime . Oh dear . Off to prison our man goes , and here 's where the movie shifts gears entirely.While awaiting execution in the electric chair -LRB- since when does California carry out executions in the chair ? -RRB- , Keillor runs afoul of Franco -LRB- Michael Pataki -RRB- , Moretti 's brother and a sadistic jerk . Further complicating the situation is an experimental drug research program conducted by Burgess -LRB- Saxon -RRB- , a CIA agent and all-around bad guy . Inmates agree to participate in the experiment in exchange for small favors , but there is a catch . The CIA actually switches the injections without the prisoners ' knowledge , substituting a far more dangerous compound that eventually turns the criminals into mindless , crazed lunatics who think nothing of tearing other folks to shreds . In no time at all Keillor and a few of the unaffected inmates stage a rebellion inside the penitentiary 's walls , largely to save their own lives . Obviously , they want the experiments to stop , but they also request medical assistance to deal with all these zombies . Burgess throws up a cordon around the prison and sends in the scientist who developed the deadly drug , Tanya Karrington -LRB- Tane McClure -RRB- , to help calm the situation . Vic Moretti also appears on the scene to throw the movie into an even more confusing state . What 's going on here?Beats me . `` Zombie Death House '' is a mess of a film , a movie that tries to do far too much with a confusing script and cheap set pieces . I wonder what went wrong . Saxon receives a directing credit , but so does some guy named Nick Marino . I 'm thinking someone shot part of the film and then the producers fired him and brought in Saxon -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . That might explain the schizophrenic feel of the movie . The movie is -- at one time or another -- a mafia flick , an action movie , a horror picture , and a prison film . Try keeping track of such nonsense ! Worse , the movie looks cheap . I suspect that someone ran out of money during the process and they tried to do the best they could with what was left . They failed . Throw in banal pacing , REALLY lazy editing , and cheap gore effects and you 've all the trimmings for a terribly lousy viewing experience . I hate to say it , but `` Zombie Death House '' tanks . Big time . If this picture is any indication , it should come as no surprise that Saxon never stepped behind the camera again . His performance , along with the always reliable Franciosa , helps move the film along -- but not enough to save this clunker.It 's strictly amateur hour over at the company that released this crudfest to DVD . Retromedia -LRB- run by b-movie monarch Fred Olen Ray -RRB- gives `` Zombie Death House '' a lackluster treatment , giving us a single trailer for the film as the only supplement . Worse , they provide the viewer with a fullscreen version of the film . Not that a widescreen presentation would have helped the viewer digest this mess any better , mind you , but they could have given us something with which to work . The picture quality looks awful , and the audio is n't much better although it is adequate enough considering the budget we 're dealing with here . I ca n't in good conscience give `` Death House '' more than one star . It 's trite filmmaking at its worst . If you have a craving for zombie pictures , I can recommend a dozen better films than this one . Rent something from Romero or Fulci before diving into this train wreck . Avoid at all costs .
 The previous review that describes this as a made for TV movie is dead on right . It 's in full screen format , and the only thing that makes it not a TV movie is the brief scenes of nudity . This movie could have been edited a little better in that you spend half the movie developing the main character ... which could have taken easily 10-15 minutes instead . The emphasis of gay sex here and there they could have done away with . But above all , they should have put more of the budget into scenes with zombies in it . It 's a great premise for a zombie movie , but it 's just disappointing with what they did with it . If you 're looking for rare movies to add to your zombie movie collection ... you should seriously skip this one .
 John Saxon is a good actor , as for the rest of this movie it was no good . How this guy above me rates it 4 stars i will never know.He already told you what the movie is based on so in conclusion if you are a fan of Zombie cinema as I am and you like movies like Dawn/Day/Night of the living dead or Zombi By L.Fulci or Dead Alive etc. . Im sure you get my point this is not like those at all . And I dont really consider it worth the $ $ $ it cost . Please dont waste your $ as if you are a zombie film fan you will be very disssapointed , very . 2 stars I gave it only because the acting is pretty good . You will also have some trouble selling as I tried and it dont come up in the systems , i tried getting rid of it last week .
 If you loved `` Sugar Hill '' and you thought `` The Boneyard '' was the coolest zombie movie ever , well , you might like Zombie Death House . Maybe . This is a confused film , weirdly paced , equal parts `` Short Eyes '' and `` Biohazardous '' , but not nearly as good as either . I 'll give it one star for being unusual with okay 1980 's era gore effects , but it 's for the `` zombie completist only '' -LRB- or someone who just has to have the only film John Saxon directed ... -RRB-
 House of Wax -LRB- Jaume Collet-Serra , 2005 -RRB- I had assumed this movie would suck simply because it was a Paris Hilton vehicle . -LRB- And it really was a Paris Hilton vehicle ; the cast was built around Hilton . -RRB- Then I rented it , and the first thing I see is the `` Dark Castle Entertainment '' logo . I thought they 'd gotten away from doing horrible remakes . Not so , I guess.Collet-Serra 's feature film debut follows the Dark Castle formula closely
 Dreadful , just dreadful . Look how low we have sunk . We went from Vincent Price and Charles Bronson to Chad Michael Murray and Paris Hilton . That should sum up this film for ya . Rent A Night In Paris instead , that 's the best performance we 'll ever get from her .
 Elisha Cuthbert must be tiny . Watching her walking between two co-stars in HOUSE OF WAX , I was able to make that observation because the movie has little else to offer most of the time.The production values for a lame slasher film are excellent ... but HOUSE OF WAX still plays like a lame slasher film . There 's just nothing new here . It feels so by-the-numbers that I felt like I 've seen this movie a hundred times before . When it was called FRIDAY THE 13th or the unnecessary remakes of THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE or ... take your pick.There are moments but they 're few and far between . The rest is just formula.When this movie came out , the producers actually marketed it to appeal to anyone who would want to see Paris Hilton brutally killed -- which was pretty much the entire English-speaking population of the Planet Earth.Now that 's hot .
 Its not that bad - and Paris Hilton does die well in it - we all cheered when she did ! The movie is worth a look but i would rent it first and see if you like it . It is better than people have been letting on !
 To fit in , Vincent had to learn
 I rented this movie based upon the fact that so many people think it 's the greatest thing since sliced bread ! I guess a person can enjoy it if you simply want to sit down and not use the brain God gave you at all ! Most of the time , I go for the suspense thrillers like What Lies Beneath , The Sixth Sense , The Others , ect . House of Wax is simply a slasher flick with really good special effects . This movie left much to be desired for me personally , but hey it 's your call .
 I found myself pausing the movie and walking away quite a bit . Nothing really new here , nor scary for that matter . An hour in and I did n't find myself scared about anything.I would n't recommend watching this .
 They had some elements with good potential and some well defined characters but it just did n't seem to come together.I fianlly got tired of waiting for it to happen and walked out . -LRB- This is rare , I can count on one hand the movies I 've walked out on . -RRB-
 This film is a joke compared to the original . And if I were Paris Hilton I would steer clear of being on the same film as Elisha Cuthbert before people wake up and realize that despite all of the hype that Paris Hilton is an ugly racist coked out anorexic moron who 's education goes no higher than a ged . She ca n't act , ca n't sing , has nothing intelligent to say , and I wish the scene of her demise in this film was real .
 After thoroughly enjoying the thrill ride of House on Haunted Hill remake and the absolute creativity that went into the 13 Ghosts remake , I was really looking forward to the House of Wax remake.What I saw , though , shocked me , and not in a good horror film sort of way . I am truly surprised they wasted a remake possibility of such a classic film with such a terrible script.The first two-thirds of the movie was just plain unoriginal and boring . Group of kids , roadtrip , camping out , problems with redneckish locals , etc. . No reason to rehash such unoriginal material unless it was going to be done better . It was n't . House of Wax also sold out to the idiotic Paris Hilton fad . Paris is a terrible actress , and brought nothing to the movie other than her name and her fans attracted to her . Who knows , maybe those behind the movie realized the first two-thirds of the movie lacked substance and substituted content with a name , especially since the movie really did n't pick up until around the time when Paris died.The last third of the movie was decent , with a Town of Wax , an entire house made of wax , etc. , but it still was n't out-of-the-ballpark fantastic like House on Haunted Hill or 13 Ghosts.After looking at some of the other screenplays written by the remake screenwriters as listed on imdb.com , I 'd say the first mistake in this remake was the hiring of these particular screenwriters . The second mistake was casting Paris Hilton.I 'm still looking forward to other William Castle remakes . Hopefully these sorts of mistakes can be avoided .
 this is not a remake , so if you are looking for that , stay away , this is n't a good movie , so if thats what you want stay away ! , your best bet , STAY AWAY !!!!!!!!!
 I love House Of Wax despite whatever reviews it received . I ordered this used from who knows where and had hoped it would arrive `` like new '' as the seller described , but for like 4 dollars what could I expect ? It was n't too bad but the case smelled and looked like it came from a chain-smokers house , and the DVD had crap all over it . When the mail came I was so excited ... but , oh well . Will not be buying used again because obviously saying `` like new '' is just a ploy to sell things that may not be what they seem . If you want to get this on Blu-Ray , which I highly recommend for its beautiful transfer and visually popping visuals is worth it .
 I hate this movie because they had some horrible acting in this movie and what was up with the melting house . I also hated this movie because they had that stupid sex scene and the part when the two guys were peaing on the tree . STUPID !! Dont see this movie it is horrible !!!
 Two reasons this movie is terrible :1 - Poorly written and lousy direction.2-Paris Hilton is a part of the cast .
 What is so interesting and yet so disgusting is that the black actorRobert Ri ` chard is the only actor not listed in the trailer credits ATALL ! I mean , poor thing , is he even being paid or is he awaiting to befreed from slavery ! I mean how obvious is the racism in Hollywood.Every single actor in the actual cast is listed in the credits except for him ! I mean , whoever views the trailor and wants to petition against the exploitation of actors of color should post a message back . The racism is quite clear in 2005 . I saw his name in the credits that are listed in fine print underneath the trailer image , but he is not receiving recognition - yet the no talent Paris Hilton bimbo has her name in bold letters on the trailer . He is a seasoned actor , her only work is as a porn harlot .
 Its easy to be hard on movies like `` House of Wax . '' Most of the time they deserve it . Every once in a while one comes along and despite its lazy writing , poor performances and lack of originality , it is somehow effective at generating fear or suspense , or it has some elements , be them a stylish look , inovative camera techniques , pleasent characters , smart writing , etc , that make it work in spite of itself and inspite of the fact that we all know it is the same old hokum . `` House of Wax '' is not one of these films . `` Wax '' is the other movie ; the kind that is just more of the same and often worse . At best it is just a complete waste of time . At worst it is a disgusting mess . And in the middle there is all the maddening clieches that mar all the worst horror movies and , most unfortunately , all these recent `` teen horror '' flicks . As someone who was a has only been out of my teens for a short time , it is truely disturbing to see all the positive reviews posted here from those just a few years younger than me . The generation gap between X and Y is truely bigger than I ever imagined . This is why whatever forgettable horror movie of the week constantly debuts atop the box office charts and then rapidly declines in the following weeks . Thanks kids ! `` House of Wax '' could n't even mange this modest feat , however , as it was DOA in something like 5th place its opening weekend.Maybe we are bridging the gap.Hey , I understand the alure of a good horror movie . A-GOOD-HORROR-MOVIE . Classics like `` The Exorcist '' and `` The Shining , '' for instance , not withstanding -LRB- because I do n't expect that level of greatness or smarts from every escapist horror flick -RRB- , I loved the recent `` Dawn of the Dead '' remake for its attempt to reimagine the tried and true . Ah , there 's the key word
 SOME SPOILERS IF YOU HAVENT SEEN MOVIE ---------------- How many times has a movie exactly like this been done ? People not acting like they would in real life -LRB- I know it 's a movie , but still -RRB- ! Acting was pretty bad . I wound up forwarding most of the movie since they do n't even get to the House until far into the movie . The plot and story were both unbelievable.Why make a whole town of wax , would n't it melt and the town was `` hard '' to get to so no one knew about the killings for years . whatever . dumb ending too that provides no satisfaction
 Okay , let me tell you all that this movie is nearly a lie to the title . There is ALMOST NO death scenes with characters in the movie that involve getting Waxed alive -LRB- The 50 's movie even had more , and look , the lower class generations could do better -RRB- . I spotted about 2 scenes , that 's it.Not only that , but all the characters are annoying and idiodic , Paris Hilton is by far the worst . The best part of the movie is her death scene -LRB- Spoiler : Spear through the head -RRB- . And if you did n't cover up that spoiler I put in parenthesis , then I 'm going to tell you that would be THE BEST reason to watch the film.Overall , I think this is for Slasher-Film-Nerds , that love horrible and cliche horror films.I 'm thinking about making a remake soon that will be SO MUCH BETTER than this piece of Non-Waxed piece of crap with a spear in it.-Jacob -LRB- Son of this users account -RRB-
 I am 26 years old and have seen the orginal 1953 version with Vincent Price . Now that was a horror film ! This movie , as I said before , was made for the MTV generation . Kids and adults who have no patience and need things to movie quickly before falling asleep or bored . This movie has all that the original lacked ; a bunch of kids in expensive cars going to the forest and camping out , getting drunk , a talentless heiress doing a strip tease , loud music , bad language , blood galore -LRB- and I am a great lover of blood galore . Check out Dead Alive by Peter Jackson ! A classic -RRB- , crazy twin brothers who go around killing people and ... I wo n't tell you what they do with them if you do n't already know . This movie lost the soul the original had , and the true horror . It 's a shame that cheesy remakes of masterpieces are being made -LRB- Like the Fog by Carpenter . Sacriledge ! -RRB- instead of new innovative films . Patience is a virtue . Maybe if more moviemakers kept that in mind more than a select few horror movies of my generation will become the classics that `` The Fog '' , `` In the Mouth of Madness '' , `` House of Wax '' and `` The Wickerman '' , to name a few , have become . Thus far , it seems that in 30 years I will still be watching the old classics because they are both more terrifying and masterfully made than most horrors of my generation . That is not to say that this movie was not fun . It was . The set design is exquisite and I was in awe of the house for it was actually made of wax . Which made the wonderful ending possible . But it was not great . It will not go down in history . This movie is alright for the now but it will disappear tomorrow .
 The begining was not good , when they try and introduce the characters and tell there story . There were some parts where I chuckled , not because there was a joke being told . But after that when the action started I quite enjoyed it . The killings were gruesome and cool . The end with the House of Wax melting down was really cool to watch .
 This film is not without a few scary moments but the acting is so poor -LRB- honestly Paris Hilton was terrible -RRB- and some of the location scenes so Hollywood backlot that the best parts of the film were shot in low light . The ending was cheap and predicable but the wax casting room was creepy . Several points did n't made any sense and the plot line was very weak .
 The story line behind this film was actually pretty interesting , the problem is that the abysmal acting and characters just ruined it for me . / / SPOILER / / The town was built by two crazy brothers killing people and encasing them in wax , and as always a group of teens stumbles across it and that is where things start . Maybe if it had simply had better actors I would have enjoyed it , but as it stood , I found myself wanting these people to die , but not liking the villains enough to want to go for them . It was a lose lose situation .
 Most people only bother to visit this site and write a product review when they loved the item . However , I wanted to give a warning to potential viewers . I wish someone had warned me before I spent my money ! This movie is incredibly violent and gory . It does n't give you a chance to turn away before something sickening happens . I 'd love to be able to erase those images from my memory , now . I almost lost my lunch upon watching it . If that is your thing , you 'll love this movie . If you 're into suspense/thrillers and `` atmospheric creepiness '' like I am , be forewarned that you probably wo n't like this movie . I thought it would be like the Twilight Zone episode `` The After Hours '' -LRB- with the mannequins in the department store after closing time -RRB- and nothing could be further from the truth !!!! I thought `` House of Wax '' was awful .
 Ho-hum , what do we have here ? Oh , another dumb slasher flick for teens . And another remake that desecrates the memory of its classic namesake to boot.Somebody bought me this as a gift because they know I love horror movies . But unfortunately the slasher flick is just not the type of horror I like.Loving the original `` House of Wax '' and all things Vincent Price , I did n't even know that this was going to be a slasher flick till I started watching . I should have known better . Besides the huge exception of the remake of Battlestar Galactica , I can not think of a single decent case in the endless list of pathetic remakes that Hollywood has had nothing better to do in the past 15 years or so than throw money away on . Why do they even bother?Other than the amazing special effects at the ending , there was absolutely nothing here we have n't seen before in dozens of other films of this kind . A bunch of stupid , obnoxious and randy teens on their way to a football game camp out near an isolated town . Weird stuff happens . Turns out the town has a couple of psychos in it . And one by one they get butchered , yadda-yadda ... wake me when it 's over.Being helmed by Hollywood strongman Joel Silver , this film does have a big budget and so its technical standards are high . The film does look great . But I HATED and despised ALL of the characters and felt like cheering every time one of them bit the dust -LRB- -- maybe I was supposed to ? -RRB- The ONLY thing I liked about this film was its design and special effects . They designed a whole small town for this movie , including the very cool museum building of the title , which was made entirely of wax . I have to salute them for the truly outstanding job they did on this . And the effects in the grand finale of the movie -LRB- wo n't tell you anything but that it involves a LOT of wax ! -RRB- were quite spectacular , I 'll give them that.But does that make this worth buying ? Hell no . If you must check it out , I would advise renting , as this is the kind of movie that you really wo n't want to watch more than once -LRB- if you can even stand that ! -RRB- . I do n't know , I think the whole way Hollywood funds its movies and chooses its projects has GOT to change . I am told that the reason there have been so many remakes in the past 15 years is because making a movie is so expensive these days that studios and their investors are afraid of taking a gamble on a completely new and unproven idea . So instead they turn to remaking ideas that have been successful in the past , or that they feel already have `` brand name recognition '' with the movie-going public.But I think the huge list of failures that have continued to rack up over the past few years should wake them up by now that HELLO ~ , this strategy IS JUST NOT WORKING . Throwing money at a project that is based on poorly thought-out retreads of old ideas , repopulated with obnoxious and stereotypical characters played by the latest `` hot stars '' , and using hackneyed ideas stolen from dozens of other movies does not a good movie make . A prime example of this is this movie.So I was a bit torn on how many stars to rate this movie . If I had to grade it just on its technical merits , it should get 3 stars for sure . But overall I still hated it , so I think it definitely should not get a passing grade from me . So 2 stars it is.Hey Joel Silver , how about trying quality and originality in the story and characterization department too next time ?
 Yet another crap slasher film that is way too formulaic . `` House Of Wax '' is easily one of the worst films of 2005 . Six teenagers are on their way to a football game -LRB- whether its a college or NFL game is anyone 's guess -RRB- when one of them decides to take a shortcut & accidently gets everyone lost . Instead of actually trying to get back on the right track -LRB- like the sensible person would -RRB- these six dullards decide to stop & pitch camp in the middle of Eastbumf * c * , USA for the night -LRB- obviously nobody in the group has watched `` Friday The 13th '' -RRB- . This is where the `` House Of Wax '' tries to add character to the , well , main characters & fails miserabley , with the kids partying away with failed attempts of light humor . Things turn to the weird when a pickup truck arrives out of nowhere & sits there staring at the group , with a mysterious driver quietly at the helm . Through some `` tense '' words the truck takes off leaving the kids alone.Fast forward to the following afternoon & with the group sleeping half the day away , its crunch time to get to the game . It 's out of the frying pan & into the fire , as one of the kids ' vehicles has a major problem - a snapped fanbelt . The group piles into their other vehicle & head into the local town . In one of the Grand Canyon size loopholes to this film , the gang do n't realize that it 's a ghost town & a bizarre one at that . Everything looks to be in full operation , but , no one 's home . Someone or something is lurking in the shadows & with darkness setting in , the kids are gon na discover more than just a fanbelt.Borrowing the title & shocker plot thread from the original Vincent Price film of the same , this `` House Of Wax '' has nothing to do with the previous incarnation . With that said , this movie just plain sucks . The film is just a cookie cutter slasher film that does n't bring anything new to the genre . The damn thing is n't even scary . The cast is annoying & stupid . The overall story about the conjoined twins with the crazy family plotline is stale & has been done to death.The DVD special features are pathetic . It 's one big a * s-kissfest . I 've never even heard of Jaume Collett-Serra , the director of this three car pileup . The commentary feature is an absolute joke . I started to watch this with the four leads lending their `` input '' on the production of the film . After 2 minutes I could n't watch anymore . Here is a sampling - Chad Michael Murray , Paris Hilton , Elisha Cuthburt , & Hilton 's boyfriend from the movie -LRB- is it important to know his name ? -RRB- are sitting on a couch watching the film.Cuthburt
 Hollywood remakes a movie that did NOT need to be remade . And , `` best '' of all , we get to see Paris Hilton on the big screen -LRB- like we 're not saturated enough with this empty headed no talent on cable TV , regular TV , newspapers and magazines -RRB- . When will the torture end?Wonder if there are any ORIGINAL scripts with interesting ideas that Hollywood can buy and make a movie of ? -LRB- How about adapting books to the big screen ? -RRB- It speaks volumes when the only movies coming out nowadays are numerous sequels and remakes featuring nominally talented and overexposed Hollywood starlets.Nah , I 'll stick with Vincent Price 's masterpiece .
 I just finished watching this movie and I ca n't think of anything good to say about it . The attempted theme seems to be `` good twin vs. bad twin '' but no payoff is offered regarding the theme . I admit I prefer supernatural horror to gore-fest films but even gore can be carried off well with good plotting . The murder scenes in this film bordered upon ridiculous nor was it possible to sympathise or empathise with any of the victims since they exhibited the intelligence and survival skills of bread mold.THe final confrontation is disappointing , unless you like watching an actor and an actress wade , dig , and crawl through melting wax for about 10 minutes . Nor are any of the conflicts introduced in the begining of the story resolved in any way.I much prefer `` Waxwork '' as an example of museum horror . It 's campy but still chilling and also a little intriguing .
 so what else can u expect in a third grade horror flick . . i 've seen movies like FRIDAY THE 13 th . . kinda stuff and this movie is in no way diferent than those moviesthe common story for a horror movie -LRB- or a movie with a serial killer -RRB- : a bunch of teenagers hang out for a vacation sort of thing . . with girls in their skimpy cloths kissing the boys and the killer starts killing one by one and one or two from the group manage to outsmart the killer and finally kills him . . so this is the story line of the so called HOUSE OF WAX followin the trend of the JASON movies here there r these twin bros who kills their victims and displays them as a wax statue . . this movie has some gruesome murder scenes which looks disgusting rather than terrific . so after much hype what parris hilton is doin in this movie . . after all she is just another chick who kisses her boyfriend , strips and die awfully -LRB- the most horrible death in the movie -RRB- . HOUSE OF WAX . . nuttin new
 Despite it 's attractive cast of well-knowns of the Teen People set like Chad Michael Murray , Elisha Cuthbert , Jared Padalecki , and of course Paris Hilton , `` House of Wax '' is a bit of a letdown . Having liked the remake of `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , '' I had high hopes for this movie to be scary and fast moving . Instead , the movie just kind of dragged along with very few to none scares . The first 30 minutes of the movie is extremely boring . Worthless dialogue pretty much ruins it . We 're supposed to be having fun with them , but instead I just wanted to fast forward to the good stuff . But the good stuff is n't so good . The characters start to get picked off one by one as usual . What I was n't expecting was some of the gross things that happened in the movie , especially one I was n't expecting with Elisha Cuthbert . `` House of Wax , '' to compare it with past teen slasher movies is more of in the vein of `` Urban Legend '' or the sequel `` I Still Know What You Did Last Summer . '' It 's one of those movies you can watch but realize it was n't exactly smart or different , just another routine slasher movie .
 THIS MOVIE SUCKS NEED I SAY MORE
 House of Wax is such a horrible remake of a classic film that it makes the also abysmal remakes of Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Amityville Horror look like Oscar nominees . The original film from way back in the 1950s was a classic but WHY THE FU ** DOES THIS HAVE PARIS HILTON ?!?! She 's a dumbass and a complete idiot as it is but the fact that she 's in horror movies makes me want to vomit ! At least her character dies in the movie ... MAKE THAT HAPPEN TO HER IN REAL LIFE !!! Chad Michael Murray is also a bad actor and an idiot . He sucked in that stupid show One Tree Hill and he 's even worse in this pile ! If you see this movie , it 's a sin to quality . Watch the original instead even if it 's in black and white .
 Unless you are a hard buff of this genre I really expect you do not watch this film . It is boring , capricious , with terrible taste , without a credible script and where the special effects are just the only merits . There is a homage to What ever happened to baby Jane ? with Victor Buono and Bette Davis in the middle of the film.The film is just a sum of previous related movies as Halloween and the Fall of Usher and there is not point of comparing with the other version directed by Andre de Toth . At least in this other work , there was a script , the presence of Vincent Price and a master film maker.Please , do n't waste your time in that mediocre film .
 I love horror movies , the scarier the better ; however , the most effective horror films are those which have plausible plots and reasonable premise . Neither of which are present in this 2005 re-make of the 1953 Vincent Price classic House of Wax , which possessed both.In this go around , six would be college students headed to a college football game encounter an eerie town and it 's once time popular tourist attraction , the House of Wax -LRB- literally , the house and all its contents are made of wax -RRB- . While en route to the game , our six unsuspecting collegians decide to stop and pitch camp in the woods off some deserted detour road in the middle of nowhere.The happy campers are visited by an ominous truck with its bright lights blaring in the middle of the night ; however , the driver never revels himself and the truck departs before a ruckus breaks out so our merry band of revelers think nothing of the event . You can imagine their surprise when they awoke the following morning and found that one of their cars was rendered disabled while they slept . Anyways , the group splits up with two people remaining back to get the car fixed , and the other four continue onward to the game . However a series of unfortunate events place all six individuals back at Trudy 's House of Wax before the night is through , and subsequently to most of their impending demise.The cast is headed by a slew of television 's teen pop icons including
 Paris Hilton dies , of course , in HOUSE OF WAX , and that 's the reason I bought my ticket . I saw the movie at a midnight screening , which seemed appropriate , and I had fun watching it . The acting is cardboard , the plot is ridiculous , and the film bears no resemblence at all to Vincent Price 's classic.Chad Michael Murray and Elisha Cuthbert take center stage as twins who find themselves trapped in a ghost town of wax figurines , stalked by a killer . The movie is generally silly . Still , there are several kickass moments in the movie . When Jared Padalecki is shaved and placed in a wax shower , for instance , the film is appropriately gruesome and fun . When the entire set comes tumbling down around the characters , that part is the best . And , as I said , Paris Hilton 's death scene is reason enough to buy the ticket .
 The primary appeal of this movie seems to be
 I saw this during daylight hours and it creeped me out and , really , made me a bit sick in places . These movies use the same tired formula . You have a bunch of stupid , helpless kids -LRB- for the most part -RRB- who find themselves in a situation they 're ill equipped to deal with . Then , as they come to grips with what 's happening , they all -LRB- or nearly all -RRB- end up panicking and dying!If you 're ever out in the middle of nowhere , there are certain rules you have to follow . Do n't go anywhere without a good knife and two , when you find other people who have met a bad end , look for a good weapon and look behind you occasionally ! It never ceases to amaze me how many people end up with screwdrivers in the back . Oh , and if you shoot someone with a crossbow , make sure he 's not going to get up and come looking for you later , okay ? Oh ... oh ... one more thing . Do n't have sex . You 're just asking for it ... even with Paris Hilton.This is a great `` cheap thrill '' movie . Not quite as good as `` Jeepers Creepers , '' but it has its moments . At least `` Jeepers Creepers '' can make fun of itself when the kids do stupid things .
 I ca n't believe I 'm seeing the reviews that I am?Are you people serious?This film does n't even deserve 1 star , but since that 's the lowest I can go , that 's all it gets.This movie has a stink and spank factor of 10.5 . Not only does it insult a Vincent Price classic , it does n't even come close to even competing as a horro film at all.There was nothing scary in this film short of close ups of Paris Hilton and her S%#!?*&^$!@# acting . I could n't wait for her to die , and when she did -LRB- Dammit!The pole should have been plowed through her mouth ! -RRB- I cheered uncontrollibly!I actually back tracked on the DVD to watch her die again!How can anyone sit through this film without being pissed off?I know I would have been hoping mad if I paid to see this piece of white trash film making in the theater.I could n't sit still , yet I forced myself to watch it to the end anyway.This film is a 5 star looser all the way displaying all the Mtv horror cliche 's and really bad music.Don ' t waste your time with this one , it sucks more than Paris Hilton cleaning the chrome off of a trailer hitch .
 House of Wax , where do I begin ? Another remake , of course , with the way things are going every single movie of my childhood will have been remade by 2009 , and this movie will have been remade again by 2011 . Are there no original ideas out there ? Is anyone actually sitting down and writing screenplays . I have personally read about 20 plus horror novels that would translate quite well into movies , is anyone even paying attention ? And most of the remakes ... are getting a sequel which KILLS me.I knew ahead of time that Parasite Hilton was in this , so I was n't thrown off my couch with disgust as soon as I saw her hair extensions and wonky eye . I just wished they had killed her off in the first five minutes , maybe had her choke on her own vomit as soon as she saw her reflection in the diner 's windows . Oh well . Elisha Cuthbert , that redneck from the WB , and some really hot guy playing Vincent/Bo round out the cast . There are other people but they are forgettable . The story is so simple , so unoriginal , so ridiculous that halfway into it your still wondering what all these people are doing out of their own neighborhoods . They were all going to a football game I guess , got lost and had to camp out ? Some one sabotages one of the vehicles ? Listen if that happened to me , all of us would have piled into the one vehicle , seriously . After that we see the House of wax , the town of wax , the dogs of wax , a funeral of wax , I was itching to grab a ginormous Cotton Swab.There were apparently , conjoined twin boys , who were unconjoined and one was bad the other was good . Their mum Trudy was a wax making fiend and their dad was a doctor until their mom died of cancer and the dad killed himself . BUT not before totally scarring these children for life by surrounding them with wax and or duct taping them to high chairs and making them wear hideous hippie leather sandals . So these boys grew up , and one `` Vincent '' -LRB- a nod to the original how nice -RRB- is the wax artist who takes people and sprays them with wax then dresses them up and poses them he is deformed -LRB- of course he is ! -RRB- , and the other `` Bo '' -LRB- a nod to the dukes of hazard ? -RRB- is the bully who actually seeks out the people for Vince to sculpt . Having taught Arts and Crafts at the YMCA for many years , I personally know that wax , does NOT set up that fast , and you can not spray someone , sculpt them , add hair , dress them and put them on display in about two hours , not that I have tried that ... I have to admit that * some * of the effects were pretty cool , I give them high fives for using less CGI and more solid/melty props . It was n't a bit frightening , or even gross , or original , it was just a dumpload of wax in a minimally entertaining movie . The best part was seeing Spare-us Hilton get offed , although c'mon they could have made her eat that pole she IS used to that .
 This DVD smells and looks like they going after while down the road comes out with double disk or UNRATEDCUT OR EXTENDED CUT for SURE !! Like they did that with most others DVDS and suck up more money from us twice , In same titles , for example ... `` THE GRUDGE '' , `` SAW '' , And most others & Specialy if `` PG-13 rated movies '' , I 'm going to wait and buy the real DVD Later on for my collection !! Guess i skip this DVD version !!! If u really wants to see it , just rent it for now ! do not buy !! I Guess better be safe then sorry !
 To be fair , this tired and critically awful formulaic `` horror '' did manage to make a little profit -LRB- 68 million for a budget of 40 million -RRB- , but being part of a mostly awful genre entirely does n't excuse this one from being , on the part of most all the characters , an exercise in stupid.What do I mean by that ? I mean that by the end of the movie , you could n't care less who died or got maimed , and would actually believe they are either deserving , or simply too stupid to live . To make a `` Saw '' reference , if Jigsaw caught any of these teens , and put them in the trap where they are covered in flammable fluid , with a poison in their system , an antidote in a safe , the combination painted all over the walls , and a single candle to see in the dark , these teens would most likely burn their own eye with the candle , or drop it and step on it , and accidentally get an infection from stepping all over the glass before the poison even takes effect on them.The Villains : So there 're these two twins , siamese , and they 're disconnected , but one is horribly disfigured because of it . So his whole deal is because he 's ostracized as a freak , he builds things out of wax . He 's also making a mask for himself out of wax , which makes him look like an 80s horror serial killer , even though we 're supposed to feel sorry for him and think he 's not really such a bad guy -- it 's his snarky brother who 's the bad influence.The Teens : Even the teens in `` House of 1000 Corpses '' are more likeable ! Aside from Elisha Cuthbert 's character -LRB- all of their names I never bothered to learn -RRB- and her boyfriend , the teens seem born to die . They 're the kind of people you 'd expect to be raised in a place like Beverly Hills without ever reading a book , watching something not on MTV or VH1 , or even going to a private school but being homeschooled by apathetic tutors . They 're simply the sort of people you 'd want to kill too if you were the bad guys in the film.The Stupid : I 'm going to list specific examples , but really there 's a lot more . - Paris Hilton 's character catches the killer off-guard
 House of Wax -LRB- what 's up with Hollywood 's avoidance of the article `` The '' ? Why not The House of Wax ? -RRB- on some levels is a better film than most and in other ways far worse.First of all , I 'm over 40 , so I 'm not really the target audience for this film ... That said , I like a good horror film - this just is n't . House of Wax takes essentially the same name of the 1950 's 3D horror film The House of Wax , which starred Vincent Price . The similarities end there . Whereas the original film was creepy and more than just a little bit frightening , this film is derivative and disappointing.First of all , let 's talk about what is good about the film : - The acting . For a low budget horror film , the acting is leaps and bounds above those found in the original 1970 's low budget horror films like Friday the 13th and The Burning . That is n't saying a lot . It just means that these kids know how to act - they wo n't win any awards for their acting though . - The special effects . The special effects in this film are good . I particularly liked the wax effects that were used for the actual house of wax . I also liked the whole little town that was created for the film.Sorry folks , but that 's the end of the good . -LRB- Unless you consider that one of the WB 's hottest hunks , peels off his wife-beater and shows of his rippled six pack - a good thing -RRB- . Now , to the bad : - The script/story
 As a 57 year old who saw the 1st one , this is probably the worstmovie of all time.I ask one question . . why did they let this be released ? Nobody in the suits watched this first?If they had watched it , they would have hidden their faces with the wax.Not even the bad , bad , Ed Wood flicks -LRB- which actually I love -RRB- come close to this loser.Wow what a stinker . Bad music , bad script , bad acting.Stealing a fantastic old movies name . Now that 's probably theworst thing of all.Kids , get the original . No nudity , swearing , horrible music . . Just an oldfashioned thriller.Of course the cast is probably the worst assortment ofnon actorsyou could dig up.Well , I take that back.There was a good actor.The guy who played the third brother.However , I do n't think he had do much acting . Remember the banjo player in Deliverance ?? Paris Hilton ???????? Oh my gawd . . honey this is not hot . . even with the heat of the wax .
 HOUSE OF WAX 2005 could have been a great film ... . it took the idea of the original House of Wax classic one step further ... the sets were great ... . the atmosphere was great ... the props were great ... the effects were great ... So why do I say ... `` What a Shame '' ?? It 's a shame to see all the great things I mentioned above WASTED on the overused , predictable and pathetic horror storyline Hollywood seems stuck with these days.I have now made a promise to myself , that I will NEVER AGAIN pick up any movie that starts with a description like ... `` 6 teenagers out for a night of fun get lost in the wilderness near a deserted town ... `` I am FED UP with horror movies that always seems to revolve around six -LRB- usually silly or stupid -RRB- teenagers who get themseleves into trouble.In the case of HOUSE OF WAX , most of the cast were such irritating characters you actually HOPED they would get killed off early in the movie so that possibly some other group of charaters were the ones who would actually find their way to the House of Wax.Only Elisha Cuthbert was a well done character and stood out among the rest.If this movie had used all the great sets , effects , props and atmosphere with a more serious tone and `` non-formulaic '' storyline , it could have been a great film ... . instead we get a twist on Scream , Blair Witch , and countless others of these films that always start with the premise ... `` 6 kids on a camping trip find out they are not alone ... `` 6 kids on a road trip get lost in a strange town ... '' `` 6 kids take a drive to a lake , not suspecting what awaits them ... '' `` 6 kids decide to have a party in an abandoned house . . but are they really alone ? ... '' `` 6 kids decide to camp out in a graveyard for a dare . . but do the dead really sleep ? `` etc. ... etc. ... etc. . . etc. . etc. ... etc. . . PLEASE Hollywood ... . STOP making these `` a group of stupid teens get themselves in trouble '' type Horror movies and do something new and creative instead of letting all this potential be wasted.One last curious sidenote ... . The kids are driving cars with FLORIDA plates , yet the House of Wax -LRB- literally a House of Wax in this film -RRB- seems to hold up quite well in that hot Florida Sunlight ... hmmmmmm
 The only `` horror '' movie more trite than this is `` Saw '' . This is really , really bad excuse of a remake . Again , horror movies are supposed to scare people , not make them laugh .
 You may be impressed if this is the first `` young kids lost and pursued by psychos '' film you 've ever seen . But , since that story has been told so many times -- and so much better in films like `` Wrong Turn '' -- you 'll be disappointed by this gooey mess . It should be called `` The Louisiana Paraffin Massacre '' . And , as has been pointed out by others , the makers of `` Tourist Trap '' ought to be hopping mad at this treatment of their idea . The film is NOT scary ; it offers up some gore and ghastly effects -LRB- all done very well -RRB- , but they 're no substitute for fear . Plot , logic and sympathetic characters have all been eliminated . Think about it
 This movie was just not that good . I 'm not sure what the budget was for this , but when you have a billionaire in the cast , you 'd think they might have asked to borrow some . Make no mistake , do not confuse this movie with the 1953 Vincent Price classic of the same name.A group of young people are heading off to a college football game somewhere in Florida . Instead of driving on through and getting there early enough -LRB- `` We ca n't miss this game !!! '' -RRB- , they camp out . And I mean camp out , instead of the night , it looks like they brough enough camping equipment for a week . They pulled over because they were tired , but they set up this huge camp , play football , and deal with a mystery pickup truck.SO of course morning comes and they sleep in . Looks like one of the fan belts got cut sometime in the night , so half the group goes to the game , while the others get a ride into a nearby down from the friendly road kill man.Of course now we have the trap set as one by one they end up in town and get offed . Well when they say ` House of Wax ' they really mean it . The house and everything in it is made of wax . Can you believe it ? A three story wax house that survives in the SOuth Florida sun ? Also , the town is deserted except for wax figures in the church and a house here and there.Well you already know the secret I 'm sure . The wax figures are real people . SO who 's doing this ? A pair of psychotic Siamese Twins . Yes you read that correctly . Put a KFC chicken bucket on the twin that wears the mask , and presto , you have Buckethead.The movie had very little scares or frights , unless you are a 10 year old girl . Most of this movie is just Paris Hilton making out with a really ugly black guy , and an angry white boy who looks like a modern day Vanilla Ice .
 4 Guys and 2 Girls are on their way to watch a game when they pull over on the side of the road to camp out for the night and head out in the morning but when they wake up , someone has messed with one of their cars and the group find dead animals and stuff . So , some of the group split up to go find a fan belt for the car and their lead to some strange town in the middle of nowhere and it looks deserted and oh , there 's a famouse House of Wax with a `` closed '' sign hanging from the door and also , there 's 2 deranged brothers who are in town and one of them kills people and turns them into wax dolls . The wax itself is the only interesting thing about this movie ... I was watching the wax more then I was watching the weak characters and thin minded story plot oh but I did laugh out loud when Paris Hilton -LRB- the famous sex tape , oh and in the movie she did have her head down in the car with her boyfriend in it ... hmmm -RRB- got a pole straight through her head and if I just gave that away I 'm sorry but it was just too much of a funny scene . Heh , her acting made be boring but when she got offed I was happy . . wonder why ? Also starring Elisha Cuthbert -LRB- Tv 's 24 -RRB- , Chad Michael Murphy -LRB- Tv 's One Tree Hill -RRB- , Brian Van Holt -LRB- Basic -RRB- , Robert Ri ` chard -LRB- Coach Carter -RRB- , Jared Padalecki -LRB- Tv 's Supernatural -RRB- and Jon Abrahams -LRB- Scary Movie -RRB- . Wow and what a waste of some good actors ... Hilton not being one of them . The very end was even cornier . Doesnt have anything to do with the 53 Vincent Price House Of Wax but the deranged sculptor is surprisingly named Vincent . I 'm sure Vincent Price is pretty pissed off ... I know he 's not alive but he 's probably pissed .
 Dark Castle continues its assault on the horror genre with this little gem starring Paris Hilton . The plotline concerns a bunch of teenagers on their way to somewhere , who get waylaid in a strange little town where everything is made out of wax . A more apt title for this travesty would have been Town of Wax , but then they could n't have claimed it was a remake of an old Vincent Price classic . As it is , this movie shares nothing with the original except for the name . This was clearly just a case of Dark Castle wanting to capitalize on the success of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre remake , so they did their best to copy it note for note , substituting Elisha Cuthbert for Jessica Biel . I think Jessica and Elisha might be wearing the exact same tank top though.Just pathetic . Even when he was alive , I do n't know if anyone would have called William Castle a genius , but he was well known for coming up with cheap gimmicks to promote his movies like skeletons dropping from the ceiling of the theater at a key moment . If William Castle could see how badly Dark Castle is tarnishing his admittedly shlocky name , I think he might claw his way out of the grave and strangle the whole lot of them . Rather than taking William Castle 's name and making poor remakes of his movies , Joel Silver and his happy band of idiots should have set their sites on Ed Wood . He was probably more their style . Then they could have called their company Dark Wood . You know , come to think of it , I better shut up . Knowing how these guys think , they might think that was a good idea . That 's all we need , a remake of Plan 9 From Outer Space .
 Like several reviews have mentioned , the film is really familiar , at least as far as plot is concerned . A group of hot and horny teenagers are going somewhere only to have car trouble/want to stop for the night . Then stuff happens and people die , gruesomely . It 's been used many times in films and you 're really wondering whether Hollywood has a machine that just automatically greenlights films.Group of teenagers are going to a football game -LRB- and not even having tickets -RRB- decide it 's late so they should camp out . So they pick a spot only to find a weird truck that 's bugging them and a bad smell . They end up needing to fix their car so they go to a nearby town which features something odd
 I 'm not sure why this movie is getting such good reviews from others . Personally I thought it was pretty bad . The acting is horrible and the script is ridiculous . If people really were as dumb as the `` teenagers '' in this movie act , they 'd have a lot more problems than just getting dipped in wax . Okay , the movie is good for some laughs , and there is some `` gore '' for those who like that , but I would n't waste my time or money watching this again and if I could get it back for the first viewing , I would . One star - and that 's only because there is no Zero on the meter .
 this is a nice boring `` horror '' film with crap acting and a dumb plot if there even was one.even if paris hiltion wasnt in this film it would still suck . . but her bad acting just add fuel to the fire.this movie wouldnt scar a 1yr old kid.its like watching a broken record of all the horror films ever made .
 I would just like to clarify one little fact that the screen writers seemed to have forgotten about physics . If you have a house that 's all wax , floors , walls , furniture , everything else , exactly how would it burn . You ca n't burn a candle without a wick , so what was the wick in the house if everything was made of wax ? Seems to me that the people who wrote the screen play probably did n't graduate from elementary school ! Stay away from this movie unless you feel a complete waste of 1 1/2 hours is worth your time , in which case you 're probably as dumb as the screenwriters ...
 Although one can not expect much from a movie with Paris Hilton in it , I still hoped , that this movie would n't become a big disappointment . There had been so many terrible horror movies lately however , that I did n't expect them to come up with all the slasher movie cliches again . But again we find a group of careless teenagers in an area that seems completely abandoned . A powerful silent murderer ... There is no point in talking about the story as there hardly seems to be one . The acting itself is so amazingly bad , that after 15 minutes I started to sympathize with the killer . -LRB- SARR -RRB-
 One of the worst remakes of all-time . The plot is stupid and has pointless filler and jump-scares . The cast are morons and so is the villian . The villian is also such a bad actor , you think he was played by Tommy Wiseau . The ONLY GOOD part of the movie is the death of Paris Hilton who is in this film . I do n't care how pretty she is , she 's still a horrible actress . The blood & gore is not great but pretty good . It 's not subtle at all . overall , it 's a lame remake at best and you should avoid it at all cost . I give this film a 1 out of 10 .
 Okay I admit it , this movie was not all that bad , but it was not all that good eithier . Then again any movie that has Paris Hilton as one of the stars and does not have her naked obviously is not gon na win a lot of praise from critics . So basically Hollywood is running out of ideals , so they are using old ideas and adding `` fresh faces '' into the mix , in hopes of scoring major bank atthe box office . Sadly they are lucky to even make their budget back most of the time . When will they learn . This is the second remake of the 1933 film . Though , this version is more of a remake of the 1955 movie that stared the late Vincent Price . In this movie we follow a group of young friends as they drive cross country to a football game . On the way they get into a little car trouble , leading the group into a weird old town in the middle of nowhere.This is where the unlucky outsiders meet a couple twins who ` do n't take kindly to strangers ' and seek to turn them into another one of their wax creations.The movie is not half bad , it 's entertaining and the deaths were pretty cool , and surprisingly graphic for a theatrical release.I do have a couple complaints however . I had a hard time believing Chad Michael Murray 's ' tough guy ' persona and as the film went on , so did the plot holes ; leading to a predictable climax . Overall a fairly decent remake . Good gory deaths , which is a thumbs-up . Sadly it has some bland acting from Paris and as it goes on it the plot holes pile up . Worth a rent but I would not buy this one .
 The House Of Wax may be open 24/7 , but the true entertaining thrill of it can only go so far.This remake of the 1950 horror `` House Of Wax '' is revampt with charecters , visuals , and effects , things that save the movie from a bitter demise.The story line is set up to be that these friends are traveling to a football game and decide to camp out in some woods for a while . Thats when all hell breaks loose and before you know it they find themselves stuck in between a murderers evil ways and his brothers strange habbits.Many will first off assume that this movie will be horrible just because Paris Hilton starts in it , however , those people have another thing coming . Paris was suprisngly good as an actress and even one of the smarter ones of these dim-witted teens.The entire movie is very gorey , but runs short on scares . You will find yourself almost knowing what to expect and by the end you will have yourself to hate for the price you payed to watch this film.Don ' t get me wrong though , it was entertaining , as all horror movies usually are . As a movie though , this one fell far short from anything honorable . I guess it would be appropriate , but somewhat corny , to say that this films flame burned out a while ago .
 Boy is this movie bad , 100 minutes of my life I 'll never get back , I watched this right after I watched High Tension , you talk about night and day !!!! I am really stunned by reading alot of the reviews for this , you people dug this movie , huh ????? Watching this boring , cheap , tame slasher flick made me long for the Jason and Freddy days , atleast those boys knew how to dispose of there victims , not set them in wax -LRB- ooohhh , scary -RRB- Why 2 stars you ask ? come on , you already know the answer to that one ... Paris Hilton dies , of course after she has been running around in bra and panties for 15 minutes , which made me lose my appetite . How can such an untalented , ugly , bitchy person get to star in this anyway ??? She delivers her lines with the passion of say , damn , I ca n't think of anything that terrible to compare her with.Elissa Cuthbert is alright , that Chad kid showed some promise , but overall very boring performances , and our killers ? I found myself not really caring about them at all . No charisma , no coldness and uglyness that makes you fear these type of bad men . The actual House of Wax itself is pretty cool , and the fact that the bad guys made the whole town wax was different , and I liked that . But every horror cliche ' is done over and over again , and I 'm sorry , but how many times have we seen a couple killed either right before or directly after sex ????? Just one side-note , If you recall , towards the end , a fire breaks out and melts the entire House of Wax -LRB- just our luck , too bad it wasnt before this was made -RRB- my question was just how did this house make it through the summer time?Skip this big time and go watch Devil 's Rejects or High Tensionacting ... 1.5 stars , God Paris is terrible , Elissa is decentdirecting ... 1 star , So many flaws , editing is disastrousspecial effects ... 2 stars , House is cool , even in destructionhorror rating ... 1.5 stars , Nothing scary here , except Parisquality ... 2 stars , Young hip cast ca n't save this bomb !!!
 This is a fine example of why horror films being put out now are true peices of trash .
 This movie was stupidly funny . The one part that grosed me out was when that guy cut off that one chicks finger with the wire snips . The funniest part was when Paris Hilton had that big stake go through her head . Do not rent this if you want to be scared . Ha
 and forget this one ! This film is a pure blasphemie for die hard horror fans who 'd already seen the original movie in 1953 .
 The only thing I cant understand , is why the debut director of this film has escaped the lavish criticism of its cast and script . The direction is terrible . A group of teens fall prey to murderous siamese twins running a wax museum , in this remake of sorts . But it is impossible to care about any of the characters.Elisha Cuthbert and the teen idol playing her twin brother , actually look like they want to get it on . The film explores the whole good twin/bad twin theme also in the two wax artists who create a town of wax encased victims . What is idiotic , is that both of the wax museum brothers are about equally bad . At the end , a teen pleads with ` the good twin ' , and the actor seems more confused than anything , as obviously both twins are brain dead , gruesome murderers.There was a good script possible here . Say the disfigured siamese twin is really trying to save these losers , while the ` normal ' twin is the real killer of the house of wax maybe . But that would be too complex for this debacle.FOr the 19 million gross , the music video director of this film , will hopefully have to go back to directing Velveeta commercials or Korn videos.Paris Hilton is in the film prominently , but her ` earlier work ' is far more compelling than anything in House of Wax .
 Ive always like wax museums , it was better then any actors in this snore fest . Paris Hilton is a terriable actress , and i was glad to see her die . Just like Ghost Ship , the speical features are the only thing that saved this .
 Call me a bit of an overachiever , but I had to wait a day for this movie to sink in before I actually sat down to write a review for House of Wax.The verdict
 The only two things in the movie that I could actually say I liked was the set design and the method of killing . The plot was just horrible . I mean horror movies are supposed to have dumb teens , but this had waaaaay too many idiots . The acting was horrible , just horrible . Do n't even waste your money .
 My title line pretty much sums up the way I feel about all of these remakes of classic horror films . Inevitably , the remakes are never as good as the original.In `` House of Wax '' , you got your typical group of sex-driven teenagers in the wrong place at the wrong time . The only original element to the movie is the house of wax itself , which is really ludicrous when you think about it and , I might add , poorly implemented within the context of the movie itself . The movie is ridden with cliches , especially the ending and the result is a lack so suspense and character.Ultimately , what you get in `` House of Wax '' is a slasher with a little bit of a wrinkle to it ... the movie has flaws , not the least of which is that the acting is very poor , the characters are not likeable and the movie completely fails to produce any scares or horror in the audience ... there is very little to zero character development and zero suspense . That said , `` House of Wax '' is another average remake of a horror movie which is mildly entertaining at best and only to die-hard horror movie lovers.Hollywood has decided to remake every good horror movie that has ever been made , and obviously Hollywood has run out of ideas , but a word of advice to the next creator of a movie like this
 i heard this movie was good so i went and saw it i was so dissapointed i was ready to get up and leave !! paris hilton was so annoying and cant act to save herself !! its one of those movies where the victom is running falls over and just lays there waiting !! very frustrating .
 If your going to make a movie at least let the viewers know there is commentary through the whole movie .
 Red Hill is a modern day Aussie Western with a somewhat multilayered storyline.The film is weakened however by poor filming and shot selection i.e. it felt like the cameras shot drama rather than an action piece , with slow movement my main objection . There was also a lack of polish , as the burn scars makeup on the escaped Aboriginal convict looked cheap and unconvincing . The film budget presented as thin , and some of the actors looked out of place performing action genre.I did find myself entertained with some clever scenes though , in particular some diversionary tactics used by the escaped convict during a few shootouts.This is n't an Australian film I would recommend watching , as it reminds me of many bad Aussie films from the 1970s and 1980s . But it does have some strength to it , which includes twists in the narrative.Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
 This is rubbish , not even dramatic , it 's laughable . Implausible escapism , yes . Hero
 -LRB- 1 . -RRB- So bad even my $ 1.10 rental fee feels truly wasted . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Fast forward through 90 % and you wo n't have missed anything . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- If the Aussie backdrop and scenes are memorable then you have n't seen any US western state hilly backcountry scrub brush . -LRB- 4 . -RRB- Unimaginative stereotypic storyline consists of pregnant wife who appears in the first and final couple of minutes for some reason ; a city cop becoming a country sheriff and spends a lot of time walking around the countryside with a few episodes of his first experience with a horse while bleeding most of the time ; bad guy who turns out not to be bad guy despite killing a half dozen or so townsfolk even when the townsfolk have guns pointed at him and somehow they do n't shoot or miss at point blank range just before they die . -LRB- 5 . -RRB- Inconsistencies -LRB- too many to list -RRB-
 Red Hill is a usual western tale , a man is arrested , he breaks free and comes back for revenge and things are n't what they seem . Every good guy is a terrible shot and all of them except the main guy are incredibly dumb . The bad guy is mute , startling and an expert marksman until select moments when for no reason he seems to forget how to operate a firearm.The acting is mediocre except for the main actor , Ryan Kwanten , who does an excellent job portraying a man who can get the crap kicked out of him for an hour and half . The soundtrack is pretty good , the visuals are okay and the blood factor is little over the top on occasion making this seem almost like a cheesy slasher flick but with guns instead of knives . The plot line is simple and does n't leave you to think about anything afterwards making this overall , a fairly forgettable movie.It 's not a terrible flick but it is predictable and best suited for an afternoon matinee viewing while you 're cleaning the house and need something in the background .
 I am a Western fan and was intrigued by this film 's trailer.The film is well-mounted with good actors and production valuesbut lacking a strong story line to make it a worthwhile film making.It is basically a revenge story of an aboriginal which storyline had been playedto death before.No suspense has been achieved by all the chasing and gunfightsbecause you do n't know the victim that well and you do n't care forany of the villains.And what is the significance of that black panther?A wasteful effort and viewer 's time .
 The acting , pacing and other elements of this film are good , however , the plot is ridiculous . The entire police force have the sense of a dried-up dog turd . The killer seems like an expert marksman except for times when the plot calls for him to just miss his target . So , as I 'm watching this I 'm thinking that it looks like good cinema and feels like good cinema , but it 's a stupid story . Bummer , it could have been good .
 This is a movie with good intentions . If you remember the quote from the Bible about good intentions , it will tell you about all you need to know.I was very disappointed in this movie . I would suggest that you do n't waste your money on it .
 John Saxon is a name instantly recognizable to the cult film fanatic . It 's easy to see why when you take a stroll through his filmography . He 's doing television work nowadays , acting in shows like `` CSI '' and Showtime 's `` Masters of Horror '' series , but you must look back to the 1970s and 1980s to understand his real claim to fame . Saxon starred , or co-starred , in many of the most memorable drive in movies of all time . Most folks recognize him from `` Enter the Dragon , '' the picture that turned Bruce Lee into a huge cult star . That 's only the beginning for the discerning exploitation fan , however . Saxon also turned in a memorable performance in Wes Craven 's `` A Nightmare on Elm Street , '' where he played the police officer father of hapless Heather Langenkamp . I can go on and on . He starred in Antonio Margheriti 's cannibal classic `` Cannibal Apocalypse , '' Bob Clark 's seminal 1974 slasher flick `` Black Christmas , '' and Dario Argento 's `` Tenebre '' . He even appeared in a fair amount of pure schlock , stuff like Roger Corman 's Star Wars knockoff `` Battle Beyond the Stars '' and Umberto Lenzi 's tepid giallo `` Nightmare Beach '' . Only once did he step behind the camera to assume directorial duties , in a little film called `` Zombie Death House '' . `` Zombie Death House , '' or `` Death House , '' is actually two movies in one . The first story arc concerns an unfortunate wretch called Derek Keillor -LRB- Dennis Cole -RRB- and his experiences with a Los Angeles mafia family headed up by the treacherous Vic Moretti -LRB- Anthony Franciosa -RRB- . Keillor , a decorated war veteran , spends a lot of time driving around town in his cool car . He looks bored , oddly enough , and so do I as the movie quickly falls into a rut . Derek drives , and drives , and drives some more . Apparently he does n't have much to do . In an effort to make a few bucks , he quickly -LRB- well , not as quick as we 'd like -RRB- hooks up with Moretti . The mob boss offers our hero a position as his chauffeur . It 's not a great job , but it does have its perks . For example , Keillor soon falls into a relationship with Vic 's main squeeze , Genelle Davis -LRB- Dana Lis -RRB- , and the two covertly consummate the affair in an out of the way motel . Not smart , not smart at all . Mob bosses are notoriously overprotective of their women , and Vic Moretti soon learns what 's going on . Instead of whacking Keillor , the crime lord kills his woman and frames Derek for the crime . Oh dear . Off to prison our man goes , and here 's where the movie shifts gears entirely.While awaiting execution in the electric chair -LRB- since when does California carry out executions in the chair ? -RRB- , Keillor runs afoul of Franco -LRB- Michael Pataki -RRB- , Moretti 's brother and a sadistic jerk . Further complicating the situation is an experimental drug research program conducted by Burgess -LRB- Saxon -RRB- , a CIA agent and all-around bad guy . Inmates agree to participate in the experiment in exchange for small favors , but there is a catch . The CIA actually switches the injections without the prisoners ' knowledge , substituting a far more dangerous compound that eventually turns the criminals into mindless , crazed lunatics who think nothing of tearing other folks to shreds . In no time at all Keillor and a few of the unaffected inmates stage a rebellion inside the penitentiary 's walls , largely to save their own lives . Obviously , they want the experiments to stop , but they also request medical assistance to deal with all these zombies . Burgess throws up a cordon around the prison and sends in the scientist who developed the deadly drug , Tanya Karrington -LRB- Tane McClure -RRB- , to help calm the situation . Vic Moretti also appears on the scene to throw the movie into an even more confusing state . What 's going on here?Beats me . `` Zombie Death House '' is a mess of a film , a movie that tries to do far too much with a confusing script and cheap set pieces . I wonder what went wrong . Saxon receives a directing credit , but so does some guy named Nick Marino . I 'm thinking someone shot part of the film and then the producers fired him and brought in Saxon -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . That might explain the schizophrenic feel of the movie . The movie is -- at one time or another -- a mafia flick , an action movie , a horror picture , and a prison film . Try keeping track of such nonsense ! Worse , the movie looks cheap . I suspect that someone ran out of money during the process and they tried to do the best they could with what was left . They failed . Throw in banal pacing , REALLY lazy editing , and cheap gore effects and you 've all the trimmings for a terribly lousy viewing experience . I hate to say it , but `` Zombie Death House '' tanks . Big time . If this picture is any indication , it should come as no surprise that Saxon never stepped behind the camera again . His performance , along with the always reliable Franciosa , helps move the film along -- but not enough to save this clunker.It 's strictly amateur hour over at the company that released this crudfest to DVD . Retromedia -LRB- run by b-movie monarch Fred Olen Ray -RRB- gives `` Zombie Death House '' a lackluster treatment , giving us a single trailer for the film as the only supplement . Worse , they provide the viewer with a fullscreen version of the film . Not that a widescreen presentation would have helped the viewer digest this mess any better , mind you , but they could have given us something with which to work . The picture quality looks awful , and the audio is n't much better although it is adequate enough considering the budget we 're dealing with here . I ca n't in good conscience give `` Death House '' more than one star . It 's trite filmmaking at its worst . If you have a craving for zombie pictures , I can recommend a dozen better films than this one . Rent something from Romero or Fulci before diving into this train wreck . Avoid at all costs .
 The previous review that describes this as a made for TV movie is dead on right . It 's in full screen format , and the only thing that makes it not a TV movie is the brief scenes of nudity . This movie could have been edited a little better in that you spend half the movie developing the main character ... which could have taken easily 10-15 minutes instead . The emphasis of gay sex here and there they could have done away with . But above all , they should have put more of the budget into scenes with zombies in it . It 's a great premise for a zombie movie , but it 's just disappointing with what they did with it . If you 're looking for rare movies to add to your zombie movie collection ... you should seriously skip this one .
 John Saxon is a good actor , as for the rest of this movie it was no good . How this guy above me rates it 4 stars i will never know.He already told you what the movie is based on so in conclusion if you are a fan of Zombie cinema as I am and you like movies like Dawn/Day/Night of the living dead or Zombi By L.Fulci or Dead Alive etc. . Im sure you get my point this is not like those at all . And I dont really consider it worth the $ $ $ it cost . Please dont waste your $ as if you are a zombie film fan you will be very disssapointed , very . 2 stars I gave it only because the acting is pretty good . You will also have some trouble selling as I tried and it dont come up in the systems , i tried getting rid of it last week .
 If you loved `` Sugar Hill '' and you thought `` The Boneyard '' was the coolest zombie movie ever , well , you might like Zombie Death House . Maybe . This is a confused film , weirdly paced , equal parts `` Short Eyes '' and `` Biohazardous '' , but not nearly as good as either . I 'll give it one star for being unusual with okay 1980 's era gore effects , but it 's for the `` zombie completist only '' -LRB- or someone who just has to have the only film John Saxon directed ... -RRB-
 I have seen better troma movies and this one did not hold my interest with its cheesy low budget style . I wished I would never have bought it . If you are thinking of it , forget it . Better off buying Troma 's &#34; Hobo With a Shotgun &#34; which i highly recommend .
 First of all I went into this with a very open mind . I was expecting to hear some out of this world stuff but instead what I got was this lady talking about why she thinks her son is special for like 45 min and then the rest is taken up by her son saying he is not special , He did seem to be genuine but the mother has that annoying attitude many mothers display when talking about their kids . To be fair they do share some interesting info but its only like 5 min worth to me .
 There are places where the quality of the recorded voice of the interview can not easily be heard . It sounds like the interviewer used a real cheap cassette deck that had dirty heads , and in production a decision was made to cover the poor quality with cheesy D-Flat-Minor music , fading in so loud in parts that the speech is drowned out . As far as content , little or no substantiation is offered for their assertions . That said , I do n't regret buying it . I 'm happy to see any possible documentation of extra-dimensions , etc. . But if your going to interview a person , for goodness sake , use at least a medium quality microphone !
 Ok , I am into this stuff but , I have never seen a movie so poorly put together . It was mostly the mother talking about her son.Im not sure what her motive was except maybe to have few of her own 2 min . of fame ??? I kept waiting for it to get better but , it did not . poor sound quality , poor picture quality . Very little content .
 This documentary has a terrible sound track - music coupled with English dialog - hardly hear it . The story is about Jason - a supposedly `` Indigo '' child - Had little to do with it . Jason was a very interesting person and the story could have been really very good - if the interviews had been orchestrated with more than mediocre questioning and answers . For a person who has spent over 30 years in the field of Metaphysics - I found this to be one of my worst experiences !
 A poorly written attempt to lay a guilt trip on western civilization that is equally matched with mediocre acting . Do yourself a favor , move along .
 Stiff acting and a very poor storyline . If this is really a true story I would expect courts-martial to follow .
 Movie started off great story was thrilling ... about half way through took this weird turn into this terrorist 's life . I guess they were trying to humanize a cold blooded killer and let you sympathize with his irrational decisions with race and religion ... Oh and his undecided relationship with a beautiful but nymph-o girlfriend ... Movies overall was gay -LRB- weak -RRB- and sucked total eggs .
 Good story , gritty low budget production . Sean over powered the production . He is great in this genre but deserves a more Bondesque type of scale for his abilities .
 The bad news
 It 's all the govt fault and the terrorists are just misguided victims?That 's about what this movie amounted to . What little action there isis ok . But not thought out well at all . Real fatalist crap.What a waste of time and money .
 You 're better off with a dolph lungren or sly Stallone shoot 'em up , you wo n't have to put up with two hours of absurd truther-style sermonizing . Sean Bean plays his usual ex - &#34; regiment &#34; taciturn northerner self , save that here he shoots ineptly , fights cluelessly and clumsily , and has seemingly lost the ability to hold onto a handgun whilst walking through open doorways . The Islamists ' grievances and motivations are of the sort you might have seen imagined in the Guardian but that exist no where in the real world .
 They give you a character that you start to like only to show him as an angry inept killer with no real skills but anger and a knack for violence . This could have been a movie with a part 2 and 3 but they killed it quickly . Did n't like it .
 Decent film with laughably bad moments where somebody clear said `` make me an American blockbuster '' . Gratuitous attempts to tap into a sense of national pride are tempered by timid nods to cultural relativism .
 We only lasted through the first half hour . After fast forwarding through the 2nd or 3rd explicit sex scene . We finally gave up . I wish we could get a refund of our $ 3.99 . Pure trash .
 you will wish that it will be over do not waste your time or moneyeven if it will be for free i would skip it
 This movie is not recommended ; that is unless you need to have some noise on to fall asleep to . In that case it fits the bill
 This is a hard to follow poorly executed movie . The acting in it is wooden and the dialog is terrible . I reached the point where I did n't give a damn who lived or died in it .
 Gave it a try and did not exactly enjoy it . The audio and video was okay and the price was okay .
 Sean Bean is a good actor but not one I 'd put in a melodrama that requires a bunch of keeping you interested between action sequences . I turned it off half way through but then again I turned off &#34; out of Africa &#34; a third of the way through and it won an oscar .
 I was not just disappointed , I was actually angry that I spent .99 cents for this propaganda . If you are anti-American , you might enjoy it . It is pro-Muslim Terrorist and I regret watching any of it . Amazon should have put a one star review along side the raves . I would have appreciated the warning .
 Gave it a shot and although it had some interesting lines form the Antagonists POV , it was pretty dull , poorly executed and confusing - mostly because you could n't understand what people were saying .
 Not very good , Sean Bean is looking kinda old in this movie and it spent way too much time focused on the terrorists perspective rather than on the underlying conspiracy plot undermining Sean Bean 's character 's attempts to thwart the terrorist 's plot . Confused ? So was I , but I guess that 's what you can expect from a director with the background this one has .
 I was quite eager to watch this video and see some of the glory of the kumbh mela , the most spectacular spiritual gathering on the planet . Unfortunately , the filmmaker chose to focus mostly in the carnival sideshows of the event rather than the sadhus who are the heart of it . It 's colorful to watch , but not very enlightening.Nice try , but it misses the mark by a mile !
 This video almost made me not want to go to Kumba Mela . There was not really any quality narration . It made the event look more like a variety show . Did n't give off a spiritual vibe .
 This film professes to be based on a true story , but the question is , why ? There 's no mystery solved . There 's no significant details revealed . If you want to spend almost 2 hours watching a police detective watching a self-proclaimed clairvoyant , that 's all this movie is ... It 's 90 % about a police detective trying to decide if a self-proclaimed clairvoyant -LRB- in the psychic sense of the word -RRB- is actually able to see things that no one else can in an attempt to solve a murder . If you 're naive enough to buy into such things , then you might find this film more engaging . If you 're more realistic , then it comes across a more silly and slightly boring . It 's not done in a fantastic sense , but in a real world , almost docu-drama sense . It just does n't work.The `` clairvoyant 's '' silly actions of falling on the ground and such whenever he gets a vision get old far before the film ends , and in the end , it 's meaningless.I bought this based on a review on another site claiming that this had a strong word of mouth when it was released , but then fell in obscurity , and was a forgotten gem . Reality is that it was forgotten for a reason .
 I was just ever so excited when i saw the 3rd InuYasha dvd . . wheile i thought the story line looked a little weak , i am utterly obbsessed with inuyasha , so i thought i would give it a try ... but low and behold my instincts were correct ! The story line is lacking any actual substance and just from the dvd menu the bad animation can be seen . Did the same people animate this one ? While i continue to be obbsessed with Inuyasha , i really do wish i had n't waisted the money on this DVD .
 after hearing so many good reviews for this movie , i was filled with a lot of excitement to see it . but after i finished i felt so disappointed because it did n't live up to the hype . and those people that give this movie a five and say that this is the best inuyasha movie are just saying it because they are this series ' fans!i do not recommend this to anyone except if you are an inuyasha fan .
 I have seen several episodes of the tv inuyasha and they are pretty interesting , I am really into the storyline that a modern day girl goes back to the fedual era and have adventures . But this movie is mostly about the main characters father and it was really boring in my opinion .
 This movie seemed to be edited from the original one we saw when it was released .
 I remember going to see this movie in the 70 's because , at that time , I thought Margaux was so stunning - she had to be officially , the first SUPERMODEL - I thought she was breathtaking . Anyway , I left this movie so dejected at what I had watched , I just thought it was so awful ...
 A thrashed portrait about a model who is molested by a composer . I can still remember it as one of the worst films I have watched in my life . Terrible edition , predictable script and infamous performances . This was the worst film in which Anne Bancroft appeared ever.Do not waste your time watching it as I did it ; one of my youth 's sins .
 I saw this film for thne first time in 2001 . Somebody I know bought this because they were interested to see it again after all of these years have passed . I watched it with them ... I still ca n't believe it today!The acting is decent as a whole ... the Hemingway sisters , Chris Sarandon , Perry King & the great Anne Bancroft did a very good job giving what they had to do here . This movie upset so much after it was over & I still have n't quit thinking about it.What this movie made women in this situation look like is ridiculous ... it makes all rape victims look like they are absolutely helpless & that he then went and raped Margaux 's sister after he got off for the first rape -LRB- sickening -RRB- really did something to me . The music drove me crazy because it made the rape look & sound ever the worse for whatever reason.And then to see Margaux 's version of `` justice '' being served at the end ... what went wrong there ? I read the previous review whan somebody said they stood up & cheered after this ... ? This makes her unfortunately just about as bad as her attacker.You really will never get over seeing this movie . Please do both yourself & I a favor and do n't EVER watch this . There are lots of great movies on this subject -LRB- The Accused comes to mind -RRB- that wo n't have this kind of effect on anybody.My only question here ... were the writers , producers & director here trying to put a point across , trying to accomplish something , or what ? It did n't work ; all this managed to do was upset me and make you really think about lots of BAD things . : -LRB-
 I see that LIPSTICK is still not affordably priced . Yet bad movie fans should pool their funds and check this essential howler out . I first saw this about 19 years ago and I 'm still screwed up from it .
 ... and boy am I glad it 's finally on DVD . Ca n't wait to get my copy !
 I watched Lipstick unedited and commercial free on cable TV one night when a cousin was visiting from out of state and my parents let her stay in my room and made me sleep on the sofa bed in the den but wound up saying up all night because the lumpy sofa bed was so uncomfortable and there was a huge spider on the ceiling that creeped me out and I was n't used to sleeping anywhere but my own room so I wound up watching movies all night and one of them was Lipstick and I feel that the professional critics are right in giving this movie awful reviews and saying that it was one of the worst movies they ever had too watch and I definitely have to say that it was one of the worst movies I ever watched and I also agree with the profesional critics that an adorable young Mariel Hemingway in her first movie was quite impressive , I am not sure how old Mariel was when she made this movie but she looked like she was about 12 years old but even her very good acting could n't save this crud and I also think Chris Sarandon who is a very good actor and Mariel 's sister Margaux Heminway who is n't as bad an actress as the critics claimed had their acting talents wasted in this drek too !
 It 's goofy enough for my son to think it 's hilarious , but there is not much educational value to this dvd . The clips are too random and jumpy - sometimes you are talking about a certain number for 5 seconds and sometimes you will spend 60 seconds on a certain number . If you are wanting a dvd to help your child learn how to count , buy something else.Thankfully I got this at a garage sale for $ 1 - but it was n't even worth that . Oh well .
 My 2.5 yr old will watch just about anything , but this just has never grabbed her attention . I do n't know if it 's an Ernie issue and just not enough other characters or what , but she 's just not having it . She usually loves Seasame Street stuff , but this is a big miss with her . I 'm glad I bought used .
 This tape does n't play properly It skips a lot . My son got excited at the beginning and then it just started skipping .
 I could n't stand to listen to it , so my 2yr old has n't watched it very often . But there is this weasel character -LRB- a bellhop -RRB- who gets paged every time they ding the bell . He comes into each scene yelling and complaining and `` talking ugly '' as we call it . This character alone was enough to turn me off the show . I much prefer the leapfrog series , whose characters have upbeat attitudes just right for toddler movies . I also hate the show Angelina Ballerina , so if you like that show you may not mind the weasel 's grouchy angry words . Neither has characters I want my children to mimic !
 I loved Sesame street growing up , but Sesame street as a whole seems to be going downhill to me . This video , while it does have a couple of great vintage clips , models HORRIBLY rude and disobedient behavior . The bunny is extremly rude to Ernie and the Honker , and Ernie and the Honker repeatedly bother and annoy Benny , even after Benny asks them to stop -LRB- and of course , asks in a rude way -RRB- . The educational value is minimal . I really do n't think this helped my child to count to 15 or to recognize his numbers . If you want some good vintage Sesame STreet clips , check out the 25th anniversary . Good clips , educational value is about the same , but no rude behavior , and no disobedient behavior .
 I rarely review books or DVDs but I felt compelled to do so with this one because it is really , really bad . There 's a lot of yelling from one of the main characters -LRB- the bunny -RRB- and , though the songs are cute , there 's no way to play all of the songs without also watching some of the bunny , who comes across as really cantankerous and angry . I love Sesame Street as a general rule , but strongly dislike this particular video .
 The story line is very boring . My toddler loses interest immediately . As a parent , I do as well . Compared to some of the other Sesame dvd 's , this one is poor . Story line is portrayed by Ernie , along with `` second string '' characters . I think you should spend your money on other learning materials .
 Is anyone else annoyed by the `` new '' voice of Ernie ? I find the character has lost that spark of mischievousness that made Ernie so wonderful . Maybe I 'm just getting old ... Otherwise , I agree that Benny is obnoxious and out of place , and some of the songs are so banal it makes my skin crawl -LRB- that `` Rock around the Clock '' thing is God-awful -RRB- . On the plus side , at least it does n't center around Elmo -LRB- people complain that Baby Bear 's speech is a bad influence , I ca n't even understand Elmo half the time , and I sure wish he -LRB- she ? -RRB- would stop referring to itself in the 3rd person ... -RRB- . Just grouchy tonight , but I 'm not fond of this one .
 I bought this product with great hope . But it is not working in my kids portable DVD player . But I didnt get time to return it .
 There is so much to love about the SS approach to teaching children , but this video is a grave disappointment . Throughout the video this bunny with a rotten attitude screams at everyone for little to no reason . With small children imitating everything they see , this is harmful exposure for behaviour development.I also agree with the review about Elmo . I have a growing annoyance with listening to Elmo speak in the third person . Come on ! Are you educational or not ?
 I like Sesame Street in general and my daughter loves Elmo . But this video has a very annoying character , the gruff sounding bunny . I think the bunny ruins it , he 's not cute and he 's just an annoying little character . Also , there is more talking in this video than the other ones we own . I like the ones with more singing . Our favorites of Sesame Street so far are Kids Favorite Songs and Elmo 's Guessing Game .
 The screaming bunny is just terrible . He 's not funny , and he introduced my daughter to downright meanness . I 'd sell this dvd , but I do n't want it to affect any other kids !
 This DVD is just plain terrible . There is so much shouting and rude behaviour . In the video , Ernie continues to annoy the bunny even after the bunny has asked him to stop . This video will teach your children to be cheeky and annoying . Avoid it .
 I like the video and I think that the songs are great , however Benny the Bunny is very annoying and I find his yelling absolutely inappropriate for young children . Does every video these days have to have an obnoxious character ? This is the kind of thing that desensitizes children . It really is a shame because otherwise this video has some great songs . My favorite video is Sesame Street 's 25th Birthday - A Musical Celebration -LRB- 1993 -RRB- . It has great songs and is mellow .
 Dear Film Company Jackasses , Surely you know we already hate you for your greed - Why do you add insult to injury by taking fine films like `` The Great Santini '' and cutting them to Full Screen?Yet another fine film marred , no doubt , by some big company 's desire to cut corners . Burn , Hollywood , burn !
 The reviews that said
 All in Japanesse , so I had to return it and can not locate another one . it was a Christmas gift .
 1 . I like Robert Duvall and I like military themed movies and I liked this movie when I watched it many moons ago .2 . With the above being said , watching the DVD recently just left me ... modestly disappointed . Everything about the movie -LRB- ie picture quality , the music , the style of acting etc. . . -RRB- let the viewer know that it was an `` old '' film . The most `` dated '' and frankly unrealistic thing about the movie -LRB- and thus the greatest disappointment -RRB- was the actual portrayal of the Lt Col Meecham . I 'm not a military expert but after spending 4 years on a carrier and working with both Naval and Marine aviators , I know that there are some gungho folks out there but there are no goofballs . Unfortunately , in this movie , Meecham comes off as a. . . goofball ; a very bad stereotype that in the end does a disservice to the many intelligent and complex aviators out there . I know this is going a little too deep , but in the end , this movie could have been great , but the character is too stereotypical = unrealistic .
 ` The Great Santini ' is a compelling drama superbly produced , written , filmed , directed and acted -LRB- in it I think Duvall gives his finest performance , and he 's ably supported by everyone in the cast -RRB- . Unfortunately , the DVD release in `` full-screen '' format cheats viewers of the fine cinemaphotography and thus of the impact of the whole effort
 This could have been a thoughtful retrospective on the shaping of male body image . Instead , it 's a collection of facile observations superimposed on a constant barrage of voyeuristically-photographed shirtless men.The key points include : A. Pretty people are eye-catching . B. Men are visual creatures.C . Some gay men are image-obsessed . D . Some gay men are insecure.E . There 's a feedback loop that results from physical fitness or the lack.The first half of the movie is primarily interviews with shallow people describing their pressure to mold themselves into whatever physical ideal they feel their peer group demands . We then get a survey of industry practitioners that capitalize on body image
 This could have been a thoughtful retrospective on the shaping of male body image . Instead , it 's a collection of facile observations superimposed on a constant barrage of voyeuristically-photographed shirtless men.The key points include : A. Pretty people are eye-catching . B. Men are visual creatures.C . Some gay men are image-obsessed . D . Some gay men are insecure.E . There 's a feedback loop that results from physical fitness or the lack.The first half of the movie is primarily interviews with shallow people describing their pressure to mold themselves into whatever physical ideal they feel their peer group demands . We then get a survey of industry practitioners that capitalize on body image
 I do n't know what the purpose of this film was other than to re-establish the obvious fact that gay men are visually oriented and there is a large subsection of gay men who place their looks above everything else . In the film , we meet a lot of them . Most of them are n't really that attractive but they are self-confident , muscular , trendy and semi well-maintained . And several of them -LRB- at least three who were interviewed -RRB- are porn stars , although only one of them is identified as such . So , the subjects are maybe not exactly representative of the greater gay male population . We also meet some outcasts -LRB- bears , goths -RRB- who bravely defy the stereotypical images and live to tell about it . But the `` hot '' guys all seem kind of dumb and not self-aware . What is the documentary trying to say about these men ? I really have no idea . It offers no healthy alternative and no new perspectives on the culture of body image . It 's as superficial as its subjects .
 This ridiculous film takes the first 45 minutes to make this point
 This is an exploration of looksism among American gay men . However , it 's not the guys who unfairly lose out in this meat market ; it 's the guys who always get hit on doing the talking . The interviewees do a poor job in critiquing the system that benefits them . However , this work is for two-faced viewers like myself
 The best acting job in the whole movie , was Dean Cain himself . The telling of his back story could have been more detailed . It tended to be a bit disjointed in some areas . The action was pretty good though .
 One reviewer wrote the review about the `` Super Ants '' ... this is not that movie.This movie staring Dean Cain bites big time , unless you like movies about chases ... there are several car chases , car chasing man , man chasing man , helicopter chasing car ... Get the point?The plot is strained through out the movie in dribbles ... if you can make it through the endless sceens showing actors walking around doing nothing , walking or staring blankly -LRB- probably wondering if this movie will ever be over -RRB- . *** Fast forward special ***
 Since the description page included a link that said `` buy this DVD with Empire of the Ants '' , I thought this would be the old Phase IV about ants . I was very irritated when it arrived and it 's a DIFFERENT Phase IV with Dean Cain ! There is no product picture , no actor names , nothing that let me know it was n't the movie I wanted . VERY displeased .
 Robert Pattinson sinks this Guy de Maupassant adaptation , it truly does n't matter how good his co-stars are , and honestly some of them carry their roles with aplomb , the tale of a vapid intellectual simpleton who.rises to fame solely on his looks rests solely on its lead shoulders . The directors -LRB- or more likely producers -RRB- decision to cast Rob in hopes of getting the much coveted lonely elderly women with too many cats demographic is at the cost of the quality of the film itself . Almost every scene that he 's in rings false and the fact that he 's supremely out of his element as to the tedious film 's great source material would be laughable if it was n't so maddening . If there were one silver lining it 's that I caught this on HDnet Movies , so I did n't have to pay to watch this travesty .
 it 's a periud piece with a lot of notible stars , story line is ok a little too slow for me .
 I rarely dislike movies to the point that I can not even finish them , but this is one of them . Robert Pattison 's character , Bel Ami , had no redeemable qualities . Do n't waste your time on this one .
 With the star cast of Uma Thurman and Robert Pattison , had expected more from this movie . Marred with poor script , horrible direction and an aimless storyline ... was unable to follow the movie through its end . Do not recommend watching this movie unless you get seriosuly drunk and stoned first .
 This was a bad film with a bad script with terrible directing and the worst performance from Pattinson and Thurman that I have seen . Please do not bother .
 I never could get the movie to run completely ! It kept reloading . I tried it about 10 minutes then gave up ! Not worth the effort ! Very disappointed !
 I love just about any adaptation of literary classics but this one failed on so many levels . The costumes and lead actresses looked great , but there was n't even much of old Paris to enjoy . these seemed to be no point to this movie other than to show the teen vampire was a grown up ... look at his bare butt sexing Christina Ricci ! Ugh . I fail to understand the good reviews for this terrible movie .
 I 'm at a loss to describe the 5 star ratings for this film . I mean , really , 5 stars ? That must be one heck of a fabulous film ! But no , it really is n't . I saw this before it was ever released in theaters during a sneak preview channel I have . I was excited to see it for a couple of reasons . 1
 Twihards insists that critics are unreasonably harsh on the virtues of Robert Pattinson , but notice that they do n't rally enough enthusiasm to actually see any of his non-Twilight flicks such , I suspect this is because they realize that there youthful infatuation does not out way the fact that pictures such as Remember Me are not any good , and possibly they also understand that Pattinson himself is no better than the material . In Bel Ami , he is actually given very good material , based on Guy de Maupassant 's 1895 novel , but he is merely only the weakest link in speciously poorly made movie.Pattinson plays Georges Duroy , a literary rogue , a skillfully charming social climber , or as de Maupassant himself subtitled his book , `` the history of a scoundrel . '' Here he is transformed by Pattinson into a thoroughly unlikable reprobate , who 's unreasonably smug and arrogant , a womanizer and a manipulator , it would be a stretch to call this guy an anti-hero . Pattinson lacks the necessary charisma to pull off such a role , think of Johnny Depp in The Libertine a few years back , he seems ill-at ease here , as if he understands that the material is staggeringly out of his depth.A capable supporting cast comes across mostly badly for one reason or another . Uma Thurman is primed and proper , but has to wobble her way through some horrendous dialogue . Kristen Scott Thomas plays frigid better than any other actress I know , oddly enough , a British actress , she has been a lot more warm and human in some recent French language films . Here she has little to do , but does successfully manage to exert great empathy for her repressive and shrewish character , but she also manages to remain unmoving and their for dull . Colm Meaney and Philip Glenister , two good actors , play the other men in Pattinson 's vehicle , this may explain why they fail to get any dynamic scenes or many scenes for that matter away from the dull lead . Only Christina Ricci adds any spark in a spirited supporting turn , but her role is only one dimensional , she comes across more like someone 's pet than as a fully developed human being.The proceedings unfold so monotonously , that at one point Pattinson utters the line `` this is so boring this endless to and fro . '' You do n't get any more surreal than when movie characters start uttering your own inner thoughts . Everything fails to liven the surroundings , the sex is passionless , the character 's motivations either unpleasantly despicable or maidenly vague . No wonder Pattinson is famous for playing a vampire , he is perhaps the most bloodless actor I have seen in ages , these days he 's outclassed by Daniel Radcliffe.Adapted by Rachel Bennette and directed by Declan Donnellan and Nick Ormerod , first time directors , who like most virgins know the basic moves , but lack the skills to be fully satisfying . Set in and around Paris at the end of the 19th century , the details look good , though pretentiously photographed by Stefano Falivene , it is filled with what one character calls `` astonishing depths of emptiness . `` Pattinson has recently formed a partnership with legendary cult director David Cronenberg , they have a finished film title that I greatly anticipate titled Cosmopolis set for US release in August , after that they have another film in development . Maybe Cronenberg sees something in Pattinson that has been missing up until now on screen , but will fans ever warm to the actor outside of his popular franchise , I do n't have the answer , but one thing that is for sure , it wont start with Bel Ami , a beggar 's version of Dangerously Liaisons.Check out my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
 I picked this movie mostly to watch Robert Pattinson , but unfortunately , I found his character to be `` ugly '' inside and out . I usually enjoy watching his movies , but he made a lot of awkward faces and he became distracting to the movie . The plot lines were nothing grabbing or captivating , so it took almost 2 days for me to finish watching it .
 I rented this based on the high star rating , what a disappointment . Usually the amazon reviews are a little less slanted , but maybe it is my bias due to having read the book and being French.I will say if you liked this film , then definitely read the book , you will love it.The film is a really badly written and shortened version of what is a great book.First major flaw is the scriptwriting , which condenses or ignores major plot points . It 's a frequent problem for book to film adaptations , but this one is really bad . Towards the end the film summarizes major plot points in one or two scenes in a very sloppy way.The casting was also a problem , Christina Ricci was perfect , and Uma Thurman was a pretty good choice , but Robert Pattison is just bad , very one dimensional in representing a character that is far more complex than comes out in the film.Another major flaw is the set design , which if you are not French or never lived in France wo n't matter much to you . But if you care , the sets look nothing like 19th century France . Not sure where it was filmed , but the furniture , decorations and buildings look like 19th century British or American , which is really glaring.Also a big disappointment is they did n't film the final scene in the real Madeleine church in Paris , that setting is an essential part to the end of the book . It is a major monument in Paris and the fact that the final scene takes place there is quite significant , it is not just any church in a random place ...
 This is a poorly acted period piece focusing on a very shallow gigolo and his romantic adventures . It is well staged but the lead actor is constantly smirking at inappropriate times . Not recommended .
 ... it was sadly disappointing . You keep hoping that the character played by Robert Pattinson would grow a bit . Or at least that Pattinson would actually show some acting other than his normal wooden style . The period costume is very nice and helps you keep interest in the movie until the futile end . The female actors did a wonderful job in their roles . The movie itself had great potential to be well done , however , the fact that Pattinson 's acting was so poor removes any chance of this movie being labeled as `` good '' .
 This film had beautiful visuals . There are so many plot holes where the characters talk about something that the audience has no clue about . It 's alright , but do n't expect to be blown away by any means .
 The best acting came from Christina Ricci , who gave another good performance . Rob Pattinson could have been doing Twilight , he was n't into his character . The plot was the same old same old poor dude wants to be rich dude sleeps his way into big money - end of story .
 The hype on this movie got me real interested in the film because I am a fan of Robert Pattinson . But , Iabsolutely hated this movie . I did n't think it was a good storyline at all . I love Robert but , not this movie .
 Only reason why I gave it 2 stars is for the cast that 's it . The book was just as bed .
 I saw a picture in People , of them making the movie and it looked so intriguing . Plus it starred two of . Y favorite actresses , Uma Thurman and Kristen Scott , Thomas . I could n't find the movie in Netflix or anywhere else , so I ordered it from you . It was bad .
 I was apprehensive about watching this movie because of my aversion to Robert Pattinson . But the rest of the cast are all actors and actresses I have enjoyed in the past so I gave it a shot . My first thought after watching this movie was that Mr. Potato Head could have portrayed George DuBois with a larger range of emotions . Hell any other male actor could have done this role more justice . The rest of the cast are fantastic in their portrayals and it makes Pattinson 's acting the more awkward to watch . Save yourself the time and watch an old favorite instead , I personally ran to sense and sensibility for comfort .
 Uma Thurman and Christina Ricci make this movie . Very good performances by those two , especially Thurman , but this lead `` actor '' is horrendous ! What a waste of ten bucks . This guy ca n't act to save his life . The story line is boring . It 's tolerable if you enjoy period films , and again , Thurman makes it , but seriously - otherwise , a total waste of time .
 Robert Pattinson escapes his vampire character into the primary lead in this 1890 Parisian costume drama . Pattinson looks the part as an impoverished son of a farmer who elevates his social status by seducing powerful women or wives of powerful men . Unfortunately he does n't have the acting chops to pull off such a centrist role . Directors Decian Donnellan and Nick Ormerod do n't help as seemingly half the movie focuses on Pattinson various facial expressions . Most of the time it is that blank look he perfected in the `` Twilight '' movies but without the glitter.The supporting cast is first rate . Christini Ricci is the young wife of a powerful businessman who is rarely at home . She falls for Georges -LRB- Pattinson -RRB- but her marriage precludes much beyond regular dalliances she arranges in a rented apartment . Her young daughter , upon meeting Georges , calls him bel ami -LRB- beautiful friend -RRB- . Kristin Scott Thomas is the wife of a political leader and newspaper publisher -LRB- Colm Meaney -RRB- . She eventually succumbs to Georges . Uma Thurman is Madeleine a behind-the-scenes political writer for her husband , and Georges boss , at the newspaper . Yep , eventually he even marries her.We see all of this coming of course , along with the responses from the various ladies in Georges ' life . Outside a little skin from Ms. Ricci and Pattinson , there 's little romance or titillation which would seem to be the point . Ultimately , in spite of some interesting secondary characters , the film is a bore .
 I watched this movie cause I liked Rob . I just didnt like this movie or the plot . It was boring in places .
 I was not told this was not viewable in the US when I purchase it . I mailed it back on 11/13/12 to be replaced with one I can watch in the US .
 There was nothing special about this movie . Mostly it was just dark and boring . The cast was a great group and I would 've expected more from them .
 Stories about villains are never as popular as those about heroes . Indeed , anyone writing such a story needs a credible cast in order to carry off the charm that will outweigh -LRB- at least for the audience -RRB- the deplorable behavior of any cad . Bel Ami is one such tale that would have felt more realistic with another leading man.I like Rob Pattinson , but here he is woefully out of his depth , possessing neither the chemistry with his costars nor the sex appeal needed to play a man like Georges . The script does him no favors and neither does the make up department , which means that through most of it , I was wondering what ever possessed the high society wives of Paris to fall for this utterly un-charming , sallow , sour-faced cad , who neither romances them nor really seduces them . Why do four of them fall into his arms ? It defies all reason and is a shame , because the women are wonderful . He is just not their equal in terms of experience or charisma . This takes an otherwise gorgeous costume drama , full of beautiful clothes and exquisite period decor , down a notch and some of it can be blamed on a script that rushes so quickly onward that very little time is devoted to his relationship with any of these women.In some ways , the movie reminds me a bit of `` Dangerous Liasons '' but without the ultimate payback for this bad behavior . `` Bel Ami '' as the women are fond of calling him , gets away with whatever he likes , is absurdly jealous of his wife 's indiscretions , seduces one woman merely to humiliate her husband , and in the end gets everything he wants through manipulation , seduction , and deceit . There really is no one to root for , since all of them are adulterous -LRB- except for the lovely Holliday Grainger , in a small but important part -RRB- and immoral , in more ways than one.Most costume dramas , I feel , benefit from hints rather than overt behavior . This film could have been just as beautiful -LRB- and still just as morally reprehensible -RRB- with less sexual content .
 It 's not a film adaptation that cheapens or ruins Hemmingway but since the book is all about description it is better as a novel . However the images of sea and sky in the film enhance the Nature the story is embedded in.I would definitely have preferred to see Anthony Quinn play the fisherman . He would have transmuted Hemmingway 's book to something wise heroic and of the heart . There is another review that says a Charlton Heston audio-reading had a good take on its futility . Spencer Tracey is ok because like the book he is an earnest -LRB- ha-ha no pun intended -RRB- prop for Hemmingway to revolve quite dark philosophical musings . In the main - that a man 's life is no more significant than a fish 's in the scheme of big time and oblivion and if so should n't he hang tight onto the tiger 's tail of his own?Anyone who appreciates the book will enjoy this film which is true to it as far as cinema goes.Profound it may be but it just upsets me . I felt like crying reading how he kept loosing parts of the fish on the return journey back after it took so much out of him to catch it and all the hope it embued . Then watching the film it all got very ominous that he had a right to hunt the big fish to death in any case . Since the fish itself was no doubt going through the same desperation to be rid of the hook in its mouth ; free of hauling that heavy boat for miles in a bid to break the line and swim free back into the deep ocean . And why ? So the villagers would n't treat him like a loser ? It 's senseless because he does n't care what they think of him . Or is it to show there is a tooth left in the old dog yet?Absurd as it sounds i prefer the gentleness of vegetarianism and a submission to the vast scale of Nature that man lives within rather than all this survival of the fittest meaness that condones and glorifies the carnivores ' supremacy . For all the violence and terror involved animals kill only for food quickly and humanly . Hemmingway enjoyed the sado-machismo of bull-fightingand big-game hunting for sport . Then tries to convince me there is pathos and cruel glory in writing The Old Man And The Sea involving the l-o-n-g death of a noble fish Then rubs my nose in the pointlessness of it all ... No - the fisherman should have cut the line on the big fish and stop all the senseless hurt and struggle . Whatever the metaphors are in the book or the film -LRB- and there are many -RRB- the motive is to do with a man who realises he is living in the last sunsets of his life . Is one last big lucky catch truly a worthy epitaph on a long life with happy memories ? I think not . It 's all angst based on egotism.There is something terribly upsetting going on with book and the film . I do n't want to understand why or analyse why . Because my guts tell me its all senseless and destructive musing . What more proof is necessary than that Hemmingway COMMITTED SUICIDE ! !!!
 Hemmingway was great no contest ... . but just can not move beyond one guy in a rowboat fighting an 800lb marlin ... . and if they had just a more reasonable oppononet like a levithian killer whale -LRB- spielberg style -RRB- I might buy in , geez , the lilting beautiful descriptions created such a lovely appreciation of being in the sea alone but the visuals completely annihilated any hope of that connection ... every time that beeg feesh jumped 12ft the music swells so loudly and seeing Spence just nodding his head to exhibit the physical strength required to actually complete this feat even worsens all of the Hemmingway essence ... I doubt his comment about being fat was the worst of his issues , but sometimes the book is the only way to go ... . sorry Spence , loved ya in almost everything else ...
 Dissappointed that I have written twice and mentioned that I received the wrong dvd in the jacket and there has been no response to correct the situation .
 The Old Man and the Sea is a decent , if over rated , book . The movie is a very good adaptation of the book . I regret , however , that the writers of the film decided to retain certain parts of the book . In particular , while the old man was arm wrestling with the other man it was decided that the other man should be referred to as the Negro as if he was not a human being and only a color . I would also have objected had the old man been referred to as the Blanco . Whatever it 's merits , I would not recommend that children are exposed to this film .
 I really ca n't understand all of the good reviews for this movie.I ca n't help believe that people are influenced by the fact that the book is considered to be one of the best of all time , and perhaps think that any problems they have with the movie are with them , so they rate the movie higher than what it deserves.The movie is without a doubt very boring ! There is no great dialogue . In fact , there is very little dialogue , period . There is very little action , and what there is , is laughable . The drama , if you can call it that , is very low key . There is nothing powerful in any of the performances . There is n't too much wrong with the acting or performances , it 's just that there is very little opportunity . Even the scenery and locations are not very good . Some of the scenes are actually just movies in the background . The movie is n't even uplifting , it 's actually kind of depressing . The movie can be summed up very simply
 the chances of anyone making a workable movie out of hemingways novella were slim , and this might count as a noble effort if not for the fact that it is as deadly dull a movie as any ive ever seen . spencer tracy rarely came off as a dullard , but this just doesnt work on any level . A for effort , F for execution .
 The production values were very good , but the storyline was pointless
 I thought it would be a great movie , Angela Basset and Whoopy Goldberg are so great ! But it was not , not at all . One word resumes this movie
 Here 's how Stella got her groove back , she went on an escapist vacation and had some SEX , end of story . Not much news here .
 Maybe this movie should have started where it ended . A single mother , successful career woman takes a vacation in Jamaica with her best friend . Has a fling with a younger man , comes back to New York to loose her job , her best friend dies , her fling comes to NY , and her family is set against their relationship . And somehow she 's getting her `` groove '' back.Where 's the up swing in this movie ? So , I tried to overlook that crucial flaw , I really tried to like this movie , but to no avail.Taye Diggs as a 20 yr . old was unbelievably stiff and contained . Where is his zest for life , the energy and vivacity of a 20 yr . old falling in love for the first time . His performance was dull and uninspiring . The same goes for the chemistry between him and Angela Bassett.Too many holes , too many flaws to point out , but it would mean reliving those forgettable scenes . This movie is like a plane that had it 's nose up . It revved up its engine , but it just never took off .
 which I never could manage to finish because it was so boring . The only saving grace -LRB- s -RRB- in that movie were Whoppi Goldberg and I throughly enjoyed Regina King . Glad I never actually bought the video . It would be on my video case collecting dust . Oh yeah the pajama party was funny but the rest was so-so .
 As much as Angela Bassett , Whoopi Goldberg and Taye Diggs work together as a great cast , this film is boring , which they ca n't help because they 're all wonderful actresses and actors , but the plot is just dull and boring.The movie begins with a successful stockbroker in San Francisco , who decides from the urging of her best friend , `` Delilah , '' played by Whoopi Goldberg , that she needs a long-awaited vacation . So , while watching tv , she sees a commercial advertising travel to Jamaica , so `` Stella , '' played by Angela Bassett decides that as much as she deserves a vacation , finally succumbs to her best-friend 's suggestion and flies down there and meets her best friend , `` Deliliah . `` The basic premise is a 40 year old woman falls in love with a much younger man , -LRB- old enough to be her son , no less -RRB- whose only 20 . The 20 year old is named Winston Shakespeare , a native Jamaican , who decides to date `` Stella . `` At first , `` Stella '' -LRB- Angela Bassett -RRB- decides that dating a 20 year old man is robbing the cradle , but going against her better judgment , decides she 'll throw caution to wind and date `` Winston . `` From the beginning of the film to the end the plot is boring , dull and uninteresting.The characters like the plot are basic and boring . There 's no real drama such as a hurricane taking place , or anything of that nature . While , the actors and actresses are talented not even their great acting abilities and personalities could save this film from being a complete failure , in my humble and honest opinion.To recite a classic cliche , `` Not even the best popcorn can save this film '' and it 's because of this that I give the film the lowest rating possiblg of only 1 star , which is extremely unusual for me because I almost always give films a 5-star rating because I enjoy so many movies , but this film just was n't worth anything more than 1-star . Bottome line ; You 're much better off renting or buying another film .
 Shawn got his snooze on watching How Stella Got her Groove back A great looking Angela Bassett strolling around the beaches of Jamaica in sexy swimwear just was n't enough to keep me awake during this boring movie adapted from one of the weakest Terry McMillan novels . This movie was so forgettable that I saw it over a month ago and I kept forgetting to write the review for it.Angela Bassett is Stella , a successful black stockbroker who thinks she 's about to be promoted . In spite of her stellar work record , her bosses instead fire her citing financial troubles . -LRB- Plothole Ahead - why would a business that 's in trouble fire one of their best employees ? Would n't it have been smart to keep Stella there to turn the company around ? Oh well , Terry needed a reason for Stella to go on vacation no matter how weak it was . -RRB- Tired and frustrated with the direction of her life , the divorced single mom decides to go to Jamaica for a vacation with a friend -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg -RRB- There she gets her hair braided and meets a hunky young chef -LRB- Taye Diggs -RRB- and over the slow course of the movie they have one of the most boring romances ever filmed . -LRB- does anyone in Hollywood know what PACING is ? -RRB- Soon after , Stella returns to the states and her man follows her . Stella continues to pursue the romance despite resistance from her 12-year-old son . The bosses at her old job want her back to work for them , Her new younger lover wants her to follow her dreams . At the end of the movie Stella gets her groove back with her younger man and decides to start her own trading business . Boring , boring boring.The onscreen adaptation of Stella has all the elements of a great movie . The cinematography is great , showing us stunning visuals of Jamaica . The beaches were beautiful , the resorts looked like places I wanted to go . The casting is great ; Angela Bassett and Whoopi Goldberg are strong enough to carry the movie . But the movie falls apart because the story is so predictable . Stella lacks the heart and soul of a true `` Terry McMillan '' story ; it 's the same by the numbers May/December romance story used in one of those horrible made for TV adaptations of a Danielle Steele or a Jackie Collins novel . By about the half hour mark the movie was losing its groove for me.Angela Bassett gives it her all , but the weak script prevents her from giving a great performance . The whole movie is a waste of her time . Taye Diggs was looks great but his acting is horrible . He has absolutely no chemistry with Bassett and his Jamaican Accent goes on and off throughout the movie . In many scenes he 's stiff and uneasy throwing off the romantic mood of the film . Whoopi Goldberg is just herself in this movie . She does n't even act at all . Regina King is the only bright spot here . She plays her part extremely well overcoming the boring material.If you 're a romantic insomniac who wants to get your snooze on , Get into Stella 's Groove . But if you 're looking for a Black romance full of passion pick up Love Jones , Diary of a Mad Black Woman or How U Like me now . Those romances are full of passion and life .
 Okay , so I was really dissapointed with this movie . The only reason why i gave it two stars was because of Whoopi Goldberg and Taye Diggs . This film was long , drawn out , mediocre acting , and borderline offensive . It could have also been about 40 minutes shorter , but I suppose the screenwriter felt adding three more endings would be worthwhile . what annoyed me was the entire tone of the movie , it was so angry , resentful , it was a display of horrible values . I didnt see any love . The writing was poor . It was an insult to the acting and talent to the wonderul actors and actresses inb the film . I cant even explain how I feel about this film ... So anyway , dont waste your time ...
 this movie should have been better cause the book was superb . Many things that happened in the book did n't happen in the movie . Big disappointment .
 I purchased this movie from a Amazon seller and right now am trying to resolve the issues I have ...
 I was really excited to see this movie , but as it turned out , it was just ok . If I had n't expected more , I probably would have given it three stars , but the entire movie probably could have been done in about half an hour . Sorry to say I regret this purchase .
 This movie has a promising start , but falters midway through . Where the book was entertaining and fun , the movie changes the story to insert dramatic subplots that did not exist in the book and make it more of a downer . Also , the picture on the cover promises much more Jamaica than is delivered - the movie does not focus on Jamaica as much as the book did , which minimizes its escapist potential . The casting is excellent and the acting good , and there are many funny parts , but on the whole the movie is simply average . Wait for it to come on TV , but do n't spend your money on it . Buy the book instead and take it to the beach .
 Someone just has to say this . When this movie was filmed in '97 -LRB- it was released in ' 98 -RRB- , Angela Bassett was barely 39 and Taye Diggs was almost 26 . That is HARDLY the massive , upsetting , life-altering age difference suggested by the script or the novel it was based on . Furthermore , Angela Bassett is one of the most beautiful women in Hollywood -LRB- or anywhere for that matter -RRB- , totally buff , and could probably pass , easily , for 28 or 29 . On the other hand , Taye Diggs , a very handsome guy , is no kid . He 's a big guy , and mature looking and acting . I am sure he could have been cast easily in a part for a 30 or 35 year old.So there is no discernable or meaningful age difference here and that queers the entire premise of the movie ! Not to mention , just to confuse things more , Digg 's character is shown to be from an affluent , educated family and headed for medical school . His work as a Jamaican `` pool boy '' is just a summer job.This renders the whole concept a total cheat . It really would be shocking -LRB- and manipulative -RRB- if a rich , middle-aged woman from the US took sexual advantage of an uneducated young boy from a third world country . You 'd see the sexual exploitation right off . It 's so muffled here that we are drowning out any real thoughtfulness with our cries of `` you go , girl ! `` A sobby subplot -LRB- very unbelievable -RRB- with Whoppie Goldberg addes nothing to the mix.It is quite interesting how our culture accepts romances with older men/younger women without so much as a blink , but let a gorgeous fit woman in early middle age have a slightly younger boyfriend , and it 's supposed to be a big deal . It is n't . And this movie is n't much of anything.Try making a movie about the above issue -LRB- why it 's OK for an old geezer to take a young trophy wife -RRB- . That might be a challenging flick.In short
 HUH !! This movie was very boring !! I thought that this movie had a stupid script , and not the best acting !!
 the book was so much better and the book was n't all that great !!! that is how bad this movie is . . a huge waste of Angela bassetts ' talent . she is an amazing actress . her and taye diggs 's looks are what get my two stars . this movie is so long !!!! an hour could have been cut out and you would still have a whole movie . i dont ' remember the book being this boring . . read the book , skip the movie is my advice ...
 This film was not what I expected . It was so plain . I was about ready to turn it off.Others may like it though .
 Had this mediocre movie been cast with white actors , it would probably never have been made . Another advance in African-American filmmaking
 Angela Bassett is a great actress.but this film does n't work.Taye Diggs is a okay actor but there 's no real Chemistry between him & Bassett.Whoopi Goldberg gives a good performance.but it 's Regina King that steals the show.she has to be if not the most then defintely in the top 3 most UNderrated Actress 's in Hollywood .
 This movie was whack it was kinda of good but Taye Diggs can not act Jamaican and he looked ugly ! I bet you that Omar Epps could have done a better Jamaican . and the book was quadruple times better even more !
 What happened to Lewis Black ? He used to be funny . Not one of his better routines . The material just was n't very good , and you could tell he just was n't that confident in his stuff . Disappointing .
 This dvd does not deserve a half star but that was n't a rateing option.I to Love the comedy of Lewis Black but the problem was ... There was n't any ! I find It very sad when a comic has run out of material but creates a video or cdanyway . What 's the matter Lewis ? Are you broke or did you just want to trashyour reputation . Might I suggest instead of buying this piece of crap that you simply flush the money down the toilet . If thats stand up then Lewis needs to sit down
 I 'm not kidding . This is n't remotely close to being funny . It 's horrible . Do not buy it . Do not rent it . THIS SUCKS .
 Worst piece of garbage that Lewis ever did !! Not funny at all like his earlier stuff !! Time for him to give it up !!
 I was hugely disappointed in this DVD . I am a big fan of Lewis Black but I turned this off less than halfway through . I eventually watched it all but it only confirmed my opinion about what I had already seen . He is positively calm in contrast to his last high-energy DVD at the theater in DC . I could not recommend this to anyone . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on it .
 He used curse words to compensate for boring material ; the audience seemed bored too . Usually he 's pretty fun but not here
 We watched previous Lewis Black shows , and he was genuinely funny . This particular show was raunchy and not funny . I did not appreciate the over usage of the f-bomb . If you are truly gifted , you do n't need to stoop to such lows .
 Not his best stuff . He seems to drag on and on . Would not pay for this if I had known .
 Dr. Payne 's compassion and enthusiasm for whales is quite admirable . I 'm very pleased to know whales have an advocate such as him on their side . That being said , he lets his emotions get the better of him . What I saw in `` A Life Among Whales '' was a temper tantrum and what I actually learned about whales was next to nothing . I did learn that people remain to be awful and evil and the whales innocent and good ... ostensibly under any circumstances . I also learned that whaling is an expression of `` machismo '' ... a word Payne uses frequently throughout the program . Payne is not honest with himself . He points-out that the romanticism about man against sea was propaganda used by the evil whaling industry of old . He says it was very far from the truth and that the men on the ships were actually quite miserable . In this instance Dr. Payne is unequivocally right as eating gruel , dodging scurvy and drinking minuscule portions of un-sanitized water all the while enduring the full blunt of the sea 's weather without north face or HH gear is indeed a miserable existence . Oh and risking life and limb . Yes , doctor I 'm quite sure that even today 's whalers would rather be somewhere else . So , it begs the question , Payne , why did they go ? In his attempts to enlighten us about the misunderstood world of the whales , he ought to spend more time with his own kind . Machismo did not put rational men into harm 's way ... economic incentives did . What is very interesting is that when I did a quick google search on ` products made from whales ' what do you think I found ? I did n't find giant taxidermy whale trophies adorning some machismo 's living room . Nor did I find great phalluses made from a whale 's rib bone . No Dr. , what I found is that makeup is one of the many `` consumer '' products made from whales . Make-up is a thing that women typically use . And as consumption goes , women far exceed men in what they consume , particularly in their use of disposable items . And what is make-up used for ... Dr. Payne ? Vanity ... ahem not machismo . So , you see sir it 's not this mucho group of men conspiring in dark corners to kill and gloat about it . Whales are harvested from nature for the same reasons why chickens are slaughtered ... to provide for humans . And we are all guilty of this , but if you are going to split hairs and pick on certain people , you need to know that you are part of this force too . I 'm sure you go out of your way to not consume a product made from whales . Okay , but how many other products made from other precious animals of the world did you consume just today ? You 'd be surprised good doctor . And you say , we can make it synthetically ? Really , that 's actually causing cancer and other abnormalities . Dr. Payne you see nature through rose colored glasses . That huge animal is beautiful and majestic but they are not innocent either . Beneath those waves is a struggle you ca n't even begin to imagine . Never mind you floating around them , everyday is a fight for survival . All that time observing whales and you never made the only connection between them and us , which is , we all fight to survive . Well most of us , a small few can make a living swimming around the ocean . Have you ever asked yourself what would the whales do if they evolved to be the intellectually superior beings on Earth ? You think they would n't exploit us ? You have clearly led a very privileged life ... if I were you I would concentrate on being more grateful for it . The harsh truth is anyone would trade their monotonous life to live on a bay in Patagonia ... MOST CA N'T for reason I 'm sure your liberal mind would disagree with . Give thanks that you were created human and not a lesser animal and that you are relatively intelligent enough to pursue your dreams . Instead what do you do ... you turn back at the rest of us and label us killers and evil . Dr. Payne be happy with what you have , sorry to tell you whales were there before you and will be there after you .
 Stewart Kane -LRB- Gabriel Byrne , Vanity Fair -RRB- heads out with his local Jindabyne , Australia fishing buddies for a weekend of rest , recreation , and relaxation . But when Stewart discovers an aboriginal woman 's body floating face-down in a river , things appear to have turned out for the worst . The largest casualty of the weekend is the men 's commonsense . They do n't hike out of the ravine , and instead finish their fishing weekend with some great catches . Then they head out and report the body.The town and the men 's lives quickly turn into a mess . The local media swarms them , and accusations of aboriginal prejudices rear up from the local natives . Stewart 's wife Claire -LRB- Laura Linney , The Exorcism of Emily Rose -RRB- senses the deeper meanings of what her husband and his friends did , but has to battle with it through her own mental illness.Amidst all this chaos is the life that was this young woman who is now a media spectacle , splayed out on a morgue slab . Her murder and subsequent dumping into the water are symbolic of what lay beneath the town of Jindabyne
 This movie reminded me in part of an outback version of Short Cuts by Robert Altman -LRB- the Chris Penn , Robert Downey Jr vignette -RRB- and the movie Limbo with David Strathairn and M.E. Mastroantonio . After all of the effort they must have expended in order to make this film , I have to wonder why they fell so short on the storytelling . Did they run out of cash for the screenwriter or better yet , did they even have one ? If the desire was to make the movie beautiful , yet ambiguous -- they succeeded , however for me this movie was also an exercise in frustration . The characters were all fascinating to a degree , they were never truly defined , what motivated any of them , what is/was the point of it all ? This movie had so much promise , yet just did n't deliver on so many levels . Why start with a roar and then ramble off into subtlety ? Why ???
 After suffering for more than 2 hours thru an extremely slow and often muddled and boring movie I at least expected some kind of closure.It seems to be the trend nowadays to leave the viewer guessing . The bad white people AGAIN are made out to be the villains and getting punished for not reporting a murder victim immediately -LRB- although they are out in the boonies and it is made clear that the cell phones do not have reception in the area -RRB- . Haunted by the press and local opinion , not to speak of family problems and being spit on and vandalized by the local aborigines tribe , who `` NATURALLY '' have every right to do so !! At least I did n't see any police presence for these acts of violence . In the meantime the murderer sits in his truck waiting for his next victim - END OF STORY ! Are you tired of all that political correct mush yet ?? If yes , do n't waste time or money on this one . 2 stars for decent acting .
 my wife and I watched this last night and watching paint dry would be much more interesting . Boring , not point , except possibly that those evil white people do n't like the close to nature , wonderful and good natives . Typical new Australian politically correct nonsense . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Any movie that only manages to get 12 people to scribble down a few thoughts is one that you are probably better leaving on the store 's shelf . Those who did manage to write a review are eager to tell you that AIR BUD - SEVENTH INNING FETCH is one of the best of the `` Air Bud '' sequels . Well ... let me tell you , folks
 I endured this one at the behest of my 6-year-old . The Air Bud series should have been put to sleep a long time ago . As in just about every other Disney movie , this one continues the tradition of portraying adults as moronic buffoons , while the kids are the wise ones . The plot is stale , the `` funny '' parts are as corny as they can get . Give me back my 87 minutes , please !!
 ARGH ! I have been forced to watch all 8 of these movies and I only liked the 1st one . I swear if this dog gets into extremes sports I 'm gon na scream !
 Okay , I did n't like the first Air Bud film , or the second . This film , however , does n't deserve the name `` Disney '' any more than Air Bud deserves to be referred to as a Dachshund . Disney owes it to the movie watching audience to put Air Bud to an eternal sleep .
 This was the first movie I walked out of a theater on . I could n't even stay to see it all it was so boring . The only apeal is if you are a harp core fan of any of the actors and you do n't care how bad their movies are . The acting was not that great . The story , if there was one , was not interesting at all . I walked away thinking Disney really went down with this one and wondered if they could go any lower .
 I bought this DVD because of the 5 star rating . It was soooo bad I gave it away . This is the first DVD I have every given away because it was not worth watching .
 I first bought Classic media 's DVD releases of the various Godzilla films and I was pleased that after years of neglect these movies were finally getting the release they deserved . Sadly as time went on Classic media seemed to care less and less about these releases . Compare this DVD to say their release of the original Gojira . That one had two discs , one for the original Japanese release and one for the edited US version . Each disc had nice moving menus and great special features . Fast forward to this release and we have ... well ... this release.First of all it has three movies each on it 's own disc but they 're all stacked on top of each other , they could have at least put dividers in for the disc like they do with various `` TV series X
 Okay it wasnt awful.The story begin some show guys capture 2 small girls and have them sing some strange song on a stage and a giant egg hatchs and a caterpillar type thing comes out and is swimming towards Tokyo .
 I will not make comment upon the contents of the films , however , the manner of packaging ensures a short life span for the Sony product and customer backlash . There are other forms of packaging available to manufactures . Oxidation is the single most dangerous aspect to media product life . A well made storeage case is the consumer 's main defense in the longevity of their investment . If a manufacturer has made a choice that destroys that $ $ $ dollar investment , then perhaps we should `` ALL '' take notice and boycott any further business with them , that is until they become responsive to `` OUR '' needs . I vote with my dollars when I can spend them . So do `` YOU '' . It 's time to vote with your $ $ $ Respectfully , John Cunningham II08-24-09 A.D. 5:41 pm PDT : -RRB- PS
 I found this DVD a large disappointment . I expected more what with all the 2012 hype that 's starting now -LRB- move over Y2K -RRB- . The treatment of the subject is too Hollywood and superficial . The DVD is modeled after `` The Secret '' , however , THAT was a much better and well done video compared to this one . I found this boring , repetitive , and hardly worth the money or the time spent watching it . I guess I 'll donate it to someone just to get rid of it . Such a shame , when so much could have been done with this subject .
 Like one of the other people who reviewed this , I was expecting a movie explaining all the hype behind the Mayan prophecy of 12/21/12 . This was a movie about some cult of people that believe we must get back in touch with nature , because we are being corrupted by media , Hollywood , and all the other crazy things around us . Now sure , that 's a fine belief , but the things I saw in this movie may have in fact made me opposed to the so-called `` Ancient Code . '' Half of the movie was old guys talking , and the other half was HORRIBLE special effects , repeated again and again . Lots of computerized fire . The music in the movie ... UGH ! It was so sad and depressing ! There was n't a single bit of light in the music , it was all dark . Probably the worst scene , and it happened about three times , was this old guy with glasses hugging a tree , looking all sad , and I was just thinking to myself , `` Oh my god , this is so dumb . '' There were so many awkward pauses and scene changes in the movie . The transitions were really long . The movie would be half an hour without them . That 's how it should be because trust me , no one wants to waste a full 60 minutes of their life watching this movie . Please do n't . I would like to save you that trouble.-Kalemy
 this movie is nothing but mystical music , and pictures . it has nothing to do with any kind of code . If I could return it I would .
 It starts in black and white with a guy telling a weird poem while some subpar terrible special effect is going on . Then it goes to color and he 's out side hugging a tree ? I got a good laugh then shut it off cause it simply is n't good unless you idea of good is this
 complete and utter rubbish , its the occult initiation as predicted , and horribly made . on top of its isotaric views which are hericy in n of themselves .
 If I could give this movie negative stars I would . The movies plot is horrible , the `` slithers '' are cartoony , and the acting is horrible . I bought this movie at the PX in Afghanistan and left it in the tent when I left it was so bad .
 Not A scary movie just plain gross and tries to shock , the exploding fat woman who keeps on and on growing until ... well you know . Not really a Horror Film .
 Slither is the type of film you just hope will put a new director on the map and give our lead star of `` Firefly '' a chance to do some hero stuff as the next generation action star . Knowing that the director , Gunn , has had experience with Trauma productions and knows his genres well enough to make Slither a mix of `` Slugs '' , `` From Beyond '' , `` Videodrome '' , `` The Faculty '' , `` MIB '' , `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' and `` Shawn of the Dead '' , we would hope to be in for a surprise treat . While casting Michael Rooker as a bad guy was a great move unfortunately Slither does n't do enough action which takes about an hour to get into . B-Movies are supposed to be hammy , but at times Slither does take itself too seriously at the wrong times and when it comes to being funny unfortunately just fails to crack the giggles that you thought you would be splirting out by this stage . When funny is considered a foul-mouthed mayor who curses ever other word Slither has only really got gore-for-laughs left going for it and apart from some memorable scenes , such as the psychic flashback of the alien conquering another lifeform in a distant galaxy , and the exploding fat women , there is not much in Slither that gets your attention and for many will remain a boring attempt to resurrect the B-movie horror genre . While certainly medals should be awared to all involved this does n't seem all too different from the recent one star Australian horror budget movies that have done the rounds . High expectations are unfortunately not often rewarded and Slither is just another nail in the B-Movie horror coffin that died out in the 1980s . Better options would be to watch the films this one tries to spoof or better yet watch `` Shawn of the Dead '' which is heaps funnier or `` Firefly '' which has much better action .
 Taken over by alien flesh eating parasites a wholetown is wiped out by crawly red slugs that belong to a hive mind.People become just extensions of the main personality -LRB- Grant -RRB- that travels from planet to planet.The hero and the Grant 's earth wife manage to stop the infestation -LRB- for a while -RRB- . Sort of a cross between different alien movies , this one is just bloody and gross when it is n'tbeing slap stick funny.Don ' t take you kids to see this one !
 Yawn . A guy has a fight with his wife goes for a walk in the woods , comes across an alien that impregnates him with slugs that threaten to wipe out a town . Too bad they did n't wipe out the film crew first so I would n't have been forced to watch this disaster .
 Well , what I can say about this film is that it 's better than a Sci-Fi Original Movie . However that really is damning with faint praise . This film is very formulaic , no surprises , cliched , and I imagine was a straight-to-DVD release . Unless you 're a mega-Nathan Fillion fan who must see everything he 's ever been in , you should skip it . There are just too many better films out there that you should never work your way down your ` must-see ' list and end up at this movie . Just do n't do it !
 I think this film wants to make you vomit . I do n't know about you , but that is not a quality I am looking for in my films . Being scared is fine ; being in suspense is great , vomiting is not . I really think that is what this film was going for . It has some pretty disgusting moments . While I was watching it I kept feeling this retching feeling at the back of my throat during certain scenes . In fact , I am feeling it now as I write this review and think about the movie.The story runs like this
 I had high hopes fro this one because of the positive reviews and the fact that Nathan Fillion stars in it . While I loved him in Firefly and Serenity , he could not save this turd of a movie . There is nothing original to the staory , just another alien invasion/zombie movie . It was n't scary , it was n't funny , it was n't interesting . HD DVD picture quality was decent , but noth breathtaking . Not even worth renting .
 The point of films like this is to be scary , or thought provoking , or sexy , or a blend of all 3 . This was none of them . It was disgusting without drama , pathos -LRB- sympathy -RRB- , excitement , or anything . The plot was that this out of this world influence would make normal people into slithering creatures . It managed to gross you out -LRB- which some audiences like , no doubt -RRB- , but for adults , this movie is a bust ...
 While Slither is a much better horror movie than many that have been released in the past year or so , it still does n't do quite enough to make sure that it does n't just get lumped in with the rest of the pack . For some reason , yet again I allowed myself to get excited for a movie without really using my reasoning and logic skills to ask myself if I should really be expecting that much . There were a few reasons that I let myself get excited to go see Slither . First of all , it is -LRB- somewhat -RRB- a zombie film , and I will go see any zombie film with no discrimination whatsoever . Secondly , James Gunn wrote the film and I thoroughly enjoyed his Dawn of the Dead remake from last year . Finally , I let the critics sway me once again . Even though I hardly ever agree with their take on movies , I saw all the glowing reviews this movie was getting , and I finally decided that I could n't wait to see it and it was going to be great . Well , it was n't great , but it was OK.Slither is basically half creature flick and half zombie flick . The movie begins with an asteroid crashing into Earth , and we are quickly introduced to the man who will become its first victim , Grant Grant , played very well by Michael Rooker . After being infected , Grant goes on a rampage of killing innocent animals and kidnapping a local woman to become a womb for the nasty little slugs that turn innocent townsfolk into murderous zombies , all basically just an extention of Grant . In short , a band of policeman join together , and the ones who dont ' get killed off make their way to a final showdown with the much-mutated , disgusting Grant.The best part of the film is definitely the dialogue . Gunn has written another really good script , and all of the actors do exactly what is needed of them to make the film funny , and lighten the mood from all the horrendous events taking place on screen . Story , obviously , is not one of the film 's stronger points , and neither is pacing . It starts out rather slowly and when it finally gets going , I found myself a little bored from the prolonged set up . Basically , the few really funny moments in the film are n't enough to make up for all the slow parts where it tries to be a real horror film that just does n't work . Once again , a film seems to be torn as to whether to just be a spoof , or try to be a spoof and be a real horror flick . Newsflash
 I watched Slither right after watching the movie Rest Stop . Strangely enough , I found Rest Stop to be far more entertaining and disturbing than this movie . I was a bit surprised to find out that this movie was suppose to be a `` horror comedy '' when I did n't find it funny at all . Then again , maybe it is because I do n't find South Park humor to be that funny either . Yes I realize this was suppose to , in a bit of a way , to be a take off and a wink-wink toward the 50s and 60s horror -LRB- i.e. Body Snatchers -RRB- . But the movie did n't work well for me at all . The characters were boring . The gore was pointless . There was not a thing funny about the action and interactions . To be honest , I found myself fast forwarding through some parts , other parts I just read a book through waiting for something ... anything ... to happen that might catch my eyes . Sadly , nothing occurred . Rest Stop , which is a secondary movie , a movie that went direct to DVD from what I can tell , is far better at presenting a story , at presenting horror and gore , than Slithers ever will . Sigh . I wasted money at the DVD store on this one .
 This is not funny at all!It 's justing screaming and violence , I 'm someone who LOVES FUNNY violent shows like Happy Tree Friends but this sucks . I love the South Park humor as another disapproving reviewer said they did n't so that has nothing to do with your opinion on this film.What is the joke?I do n't like any of the characters.I hate all the SUPER-UNFUNNY animal cruelty.btw am at the bit where grant has all the people attached to him.This is SO unoriginal , if you are a fan of this , well ... . YOU NEED HELP ! sorry.Scary Movie is a far better horror parody , it atually parodies horror where as this just does horror but badly thinking that is spoofing.I 'm sorry to sound so trolling but I hated this movie and maybe I am expressing a little too much hate.Please do n't flam me !
 I think somebody already beat me at saying it first , but this movie was not original at all . I detected so much stealing it was pathetic . All you have to do is go to your collection and get `` Night of the Creeps '' and `` The Faculty '' which were much better by far than this , and that 's where you get `` Slither '' . It 's a rip off , and not a very good one at that . This movie is far from Horror or Comedy because it was way too stupid to be scary or funny . Honestly , I do n't see how anybody could say that this movie is good . I guess it 's a matter of taste in this case , and this movie left a very bad taste in my mouth . Frankly , I 'll tell you exactly what this movie is in 1 word . . NASTY ! This movie shows you a lot of disgusting scenes to entertain you that 's all . I do n't know when people will realize a lot of the movies these days are only trying to distract the audience from the fact that the movie actually sucks with a capital S . Then again , what you can always expect from American Film makers is either gon na be . . GORE ! OR DISGUST ! to replace actual STORYLINE ! and PLOT ! . They do n't make anything the way they used to . I loved the days when Horror movies were actually Horror and had substance to them , and they did n't have to show you half the blood and gore pasted all over the screen as these new movies . What happened to classics like the `` Alien '' franchise or `` The Thing '' ? Better yet , what about the classics with actors like Christopher Lee , Boris Karloff and Vincent Price . What about movies like `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' or zombie movies like `` Night , Dawn , Day , as well as , Return of the living Dead '' . Instead you get movies like `` Slither '' Is that the best they could do ? Is this all Hollywood has to offer now ? I certainly hope not . At any rate , my intention is not to go on and on about old movies , but I just miss those days when we had people like Alfred Hitchcock around . Do n't get me wrong , I guess the Production companies , as well as , the Directors and Producers wan na make movies that appeal to younger audiences , and there 's nothing wrong with that . I guess that means that fans of real Horror and Sci-Fi will have to suffer until somebody finally gets it .
 It was n't really worth my time to watch this movie . The only good parts was some of the dialogue but other than that it was incredibly stupid ... one of the worst horror movies I 've ever seen . If that was a horror movie , then you should call the Men In Black a horror movie too . I 've seen many horror movies , and Slither is just not a horror movie .
 I hated it so much , I walked out on it halfway through . I did n't like any of the characters , the plot was threadbare , and it was just too gross for me to handle . I love horror movies and CSI , so I have no problem seeing bloated , dismembered bodies , but something about this particular film was just too much to take . I will never watch this movie again . I hate even the MENTION of this movie . I wish we could give reviews 0 stars .
 Mixture of ` the blob ' , ` night of the living dead ' and ` shivers ' , but only as a comparison of subject matter ; this film is vastly inferior to the above classics . -LRB- ca n't see how it is like ` the thing ' at all -RRB- , this is a truly pathetic film . The characters have no personality , the whle thing is one dimensional and the comical bits are so uncomical it is ust stupid and misplaced . It is actually so bad , it looks like some amateur thing that was put together in high school . No storyline , no tension , nothing . Diabolical . One of the worst films of the entire horror genre .
 Wow , I love all the `` customer '' reviews . Seems like every movie has marketers that troll customer reviews and hype up their movies . I would give it a three but with all these stellar fake reviews I 'll give it a one.This one is a solid rental , nothing more . If you are expecting witty dialog and lot 's of scares and commedy then you wont find it here . It 's got a few of each making it worth a watch , but not paying full price . If you want my copy I donated it to the local library . You can check it out for free .
 Allways the same
 This could well be the worst film I have ever seen . I do n't say that lightly , because I love films and movie stars . Movies rarely get one star from me . Movies also do n't go back to the store but with ` Slither ' I had to make an exception . It went back to the store . I rewrapped it in plastic and the blue seal preventing it being returned was untouched . I can say with absolute certainty that no other movie deserves it more then ` Slither ' . Granted I am not a horror fan and have never professed to be one . I have seen the ` Scream ' trilogy , and enjoyed the films ' I Know What You Did Last Summer ' and the sequel ' I Still Know What You Did Last Summer ' . I 've also seen ` Wolf Creek ' and ` Hard Candy ' . I 'd much rather watch a love story then blood and guts going everywhere . This movie gives new meaning to the word disgusting . It is totally sick and full of blood and gore . I do n't mind a little blood , but this really goes out of it 's way to be vile and tasteless . It also uses puppets and while Jim Henson was not involved in this futile venture I just know he 'd be appalled at the results of this film . I did watch this film right through , and the special features . I 'm really glad though that I can add this movie to my list of one star films.The cover looks lovely a bit like ` American Beauty ' . The way the red creatures surround the bath . It looks like red roses surrounding Mena Suvari . That is a film of quality and ` Slither ' is anything but quality . The attractive cast could not even save this film . From the preview I saw of Elizabeth Banks on the pillow it looked a little like Leighton Meester was in this movie . She thankfully is not . Leighton is a wonderful actress and I 'm so pleased she is not in this film or was ever considered for it . I also saw the cover with the naked leg in the bath . It looks tempting , but do n't even bother.My Mum thought the film could be like the creature in the film ` Dreamcatcher ' based on the Stephen King novel . I 'm happy to say they are nothing alike . I am a ` Firefly ' / ` Serenity ' fan but Nathan Fillion could not convince me to keep this . He has a wonderful line in the film that perfectly describes this film , but I wont repeat it here because it is unnecessary . Those who have seen the film and enjoyed it will be able to recall it . This film is a waste of time and good film . Flush the disc down the toilet or better yet save your money . If you want to see a good use of human waste see ` Kenny ' . It too might not be five star material , but it will come a lot closer to a five star rating then this film ever will . I was exstatic to have ` Slither ' released from my grip . When you got to go , you got to go , and this film had to go !
 this movie sucked . It ended in like 56 minutes . there was not one part that was scary . that one monster that was supposed to be the husband of that lady died almost instantly along with the rest of the non scary zombies that didnt really kill anyone.I hate this movie
 this movie was average . it was plenty gory , funny , gross , and scary . the acting could have been better . it had pretty good fx . my main problem is the way that it was put together . i thought the script could have been improved , as well as some of the main scenes . but , in my opinion , it is ok . ish .
 This movie was stright out bad . The acting gives it two starts since it was the only part of the movie that i can possible say good things about . The story was just plain boring , the special effects might have been good about 15-20 years ago , and the whole genre of this being horror ca n't be taking seriously . I heard about this being a some what scary but supposily funny . I found it to be neither.Dont even rent unless for some reason you have to see this movie.And if you hear its good start questioning who you take your movie advice from .
 There are many movies I just do n't enjoy or wo n't watch anymore because of the Stars politics , it 's a shame . I just wish they would keep their political ravings to themselves .
 Out for justice ? Fine by me . Just as long as he 's not in for justice anywhere near my gaff . This really is an astonishing film . For starters , I 've never seen so many broken noses in one film . It is so fetishised that I can only come to the conclusion that it 's a traditional greeting in NYC . `` Hello , I 'd like to book a room , please '' - * THUD * `` aaaagh ! I 'd like to arrange an early call , too . '' Mr Seagal conspicuously lacks a flattened proboscis presumably due to his height . It could also be due to his enemies inability to get within a foot of him due to a prior engagement with the Grim Reaper . The bad guys encounters with Mr Seagal follow a familiar pattern . `` You are a man who has sexual relations with your own mother '' - * Crash * broken nose . `` You are a man who has sexual relations with your own mother '' - * Slam * meat cleaver through hand . `` You are a man who has sexual relations with your own mother '' - * Tingle * head first through window . So painful was this to watch , not to mention repetitive , that I found myself shouting alternatives to the poor chaps . Why not try `` You are a man who is rumoured to be having sexual relations with your own mother but it may prove to be apocryphal . '' It may have the desired effect but I remain doubtful . Mr Seagal has a urinating dog as back up .
 You 'll be out for justice if you get suckered into buying this DVD ! Although I have been a Seagal fan since his first movie , this one is possibly his worst , and coupled with this sorry DVD transfer , was rather painful to watch . It starts with promise -- the bad guy shows his henchmen a stash of cash he has in an underground vault . Where did he get it from ? Possibly an armored car heist ? Maybe they 've got some drug smuggling ring ? Who knows ? Not the viewer , because it 's never mentioned again ! So , all through the movie , Seagal chases after this guy , with everyone wondering why the bad guy is going around killing people ... just as the audience is wondering why they 're watching it!Now about the DVD transfer
 Out For Justice Steven Seagal 's fourth film is pretty much thesame type of carnage which we previsley seen in his last threefilms . Breaking Bones using everything from a meat cleaver , poolballs tightly wound in a sock , to a saw-offed shotgun . The Viloence is high and much more brtual than in `` Marked For Death `` Story plays like this Seagal plays a streetwise tough ItalianCop named Gino , who goes on a one man rampage agaisnt a childhood Nemesis Named Ritchie played by William Forsythe whomade this role every bit as mean and psychotic as it supposed to be . who killed his partner and best friend in Broad Daylight.Now Gino has become a terrible cop stealing evidence , destroyingestablishments , beating the hell out of anyone who gets in hisway of nabbing his quarry when in the end the cop is no betterthan the hood he 's pursuing . One good thing i say about this film is even though it 's terrible it somhow has the uncanny ability to hold the viewer 's attention until the climax which is bloody but entertaining .
 Seagal plays Gino , a cop born in the hood of Brooklyn -LRB- he does the accent and all -RRB- and respected by everyone -LRB- is n't Seagal always ? -RRB- . what 's great is that this is more of a mob movie than a Seagal action flick but it 's done Seagal style for better or worse . Not aterrible movie but not great either . I liked it better on TV last night than I id when I saw it at the theatres when it originally came out . Several supporting performances make it wortha watch such as William Forsythe -LRB- CON AIR ; CITY BY THE SEA -RRB- , Gina Gershon -LRB- FACE/OFF ; SHOWGIRLS -RRB- , Jerry Orbach , and Julianna Marguiles -LRB- THE NEWTON BOYS ; GHOST SHIP -RRB- .
 Alright ... not bad by Seagal 's standards . Lots of borken limbs ... numerous fights where Seagal takes on multiple opponents who are nice enough to attack him one at a time ... a bad guy who 's totally `` crazy '' and `` unpredictable '' ... unfortunately , this is the point in Seagal 's career where his physical ability starts to fail him . The fight scenes steadily become duller and duller ... which opens up a whole new bag of complaints.I feel that Seagal was probably a very good martial artist at one point in his life ... he may still be ... who am I kidding . The big problem with his style -LRB- Aikido -RRB- is that it never was very theatric ... and therefore may have little entertainment value to an average action movie fan ... unless you are a fan of watching martial arts technique . -LRB- even then I feel many of his movies use camerawork that defeats this purpose -RRB- So his fight scenes had a limited ability to entertain from the get go . As his abilities decrease they become worse and worse to the point where they rely on camera tricks and special effects.This film is at the tip of the decline . Therefore it 's ok . I personally I do n't watch Seagal films for a `` quality movie experience . '' I 'm trying to review this film from the perspective of the average action movie fan , hopefully it 's somewhat helpful to you .
 I personally did not care for this particular DVD . I mistakenly order 2 of the same DVD and one was defective .
 While the tape itself is good we found it boring compared to others because it tells about all the past ventriloquits and the history of the art rather than being a show . It just was n't what we expected but would probably be on interest to someone into studying the topic .
 Although the video was very informative , and contained lots of nostalgic clips , I was n't expecting a documentary when I purchased the DVD . Maybe I just did n't read all the fine print before ordering ! However , if you are middle aged , and appreciate the art and talent of ventriloquism , you will probably like this product .
 You would think a DVD with Jeff Dunham front and center on the cover would have , I do n't know , SOME JEFF DUNHAM in it ?! I went to Seattle specifically for this ! My friends and I were SO EXCITED and ready to see my favorite comedian of all time , and then he was barely in the movie ! I feel completely jipped ! Jeff Dunham fans do NOT buy this DVD !
 You buy a Jeff Dunham tape to see Jeff Dunham , not have him interview a bunch of other ventriloquists ! I want my money back !
 I 'm a big Jeff Dunham fan and he was pretty much absent from this film . Why would you promote it with him being the front guy when he really has no part in it ? I addition , it was n't funny . Still a JD fan but wondering what went wrong with this !?
 I did not like this at all . I was so disappointed . I am a huge Jeff Dunham fan and when I watched this to only find out he might appear in it 3 very short times , I really wanted to send it back ! If I would have known that it was n't one of his shows or that he was n't gon na hardly be in it , I would not have bought it . I would recommend NOT buying this DVD . It 's advertised as him being in it and he is n't really . Wait and rent it if your a fan . I would recommend any of his other DVD 's for sure !
 I thought this was going to have a bunch of funny stand up , but it was pretty much just a documentary with interviews : -LRB-
 i did not notice the fine print of documentary and love jeff dunham , by no means is this worth your money
 I have always loved Jeff D. , but this , I do n't know what this one was . But IT WAS NOT FUNNY and that is what I expect when I buy anything that is Jeff 's
 I watched `` I 'm No Dummy '' at the Seattle Film Festival and was expecting to see more Jeff Dunham and at least more stand up ! Jeff is only in the film for a tiny bit ! Not much stand up comedy and not much Jeff . I 'm glad there 's a documentary on ventriloquism but I was a bit disappointed .
 This is standard fare . Any film , story or book with the world 's most famous twins is predictable . Everything will come up roses . This is no exception . One point of distinction is the songs are worse . `` Who Would You Be '' is by far and away the worst . `` Who Would You Be A Kennedy '' is stupid and insulting . That lousy effort should be buried at sea .
 There is nothing positive to say about this movie ... not even Pacino can save it.But what truly depresses me is thinking of this
 ... it 's actually a stinker . The satiric elements even lack wit . I found myself laughing at many of the ensuing situations and poorly written dialog . My laughs , however , were not pleasurable . They were expressions of shock at how poorly managed this film is . The cinematography is often uninspired , which certainly does n't help . I wish I could say this was supposed to be a humorous film , such as Hollywood Homicide , but it ranks in all-time inanity along with the remake of The Wicker Man helmed by Neil LaBute . The charismatic Al Pacino does hold his own coupled with all the statuesque women , however .
 Al Pacino should 've spoken up more regarding the script is this ham-handed psychological thriller . Pacino plays an eminent forensic psychologist that has put many in prison or on death row . After receiving numerous notices that he has less than 88 minutes to live , while simultaneously being framed for the murder of a prostitute , PAcino franctically scampes around the city to find the real culprit.The flaw in this was the movie itself . Suspension of disbelief would n't normally come into account on what appears to be an episode of Law and Order , or maybe closer to Without a Trace in this case . Pacinos driving alone would 've taken up the entirety of his allowed time , assuming he did n't have a pocket teleporter or a police escort . The thriller aspect of the piece was to hammered in , with updates every 5-10 minutes , though an A for effort in actually keeping the correct time track.Pacinos character felt ham handed and stale , and the most I can remember of it is hands running through hair in exasperation x20 . The supporting cast vanishes almost completely into the background , with recurring characters that are so forgettable that you fail to recognize them the second time they appear on screen.Despite all of this , 88 minutes managed to actually feel like a thriller , with a decent murder mystery thrown in . An overblown , surreal thriller , but a thriller none the less . If the plot had allowed for reasonable time frames , say `` 8 Hours , '' this film probably would 've been as good a hit as Pacinos other cop dramas , but attempting to cram that much material into an hour and a half makes even the most forgiving and liberal plot hole watcher scoff .
 I had some friends over for a movie night and of all the movie choices we had to pick from we ended up watching this one . All four of us looked at each other at the end of the movie and agreed , what a waste of time that was . The movie had some of the worst acting we have seen although I think it can be attributed to a poor script as the movie does have a talented cast . The movie was not much of a thriller as most of it was predictable including the killer . The movie spent way too much time with Pacino talking into his cell phone . What made it really annoying was everytime he used his cell phone there was no lag time for waiting for it to ring . He would just open his phone , press one button , and then start talking . There were too many times where you were left saying , ` that is unrealistic ' . Save your money and stay away from this film .
 You would have to be a big Pacino fan to like this movie since everything about it is unoriginal . It 's one of those films that you have to figure out who the killer is and it can be anybody . Along the way the focus shifts to `` possible '' suspects trying to make you think that they are the one , only to time and time again disprove it by having them get offed . Eventually it turns out to be the person you least expected it . No way , really?Al Pacino plays a forensic psychologist who testified against a leading suspect in a murder case . Although there was n't really any clear cut evidence , the jury convicted the guy largely based on Pacino 's testimony . The guy is sentenced to death , before his execution Pacino receives death threats that he has 88 minutes to live , and people start dropping like flies around him.I keep calling him `` Pacino '' because you will honestly not remember his character 's name . This is Al F 'n Pacino playing himself . The whole movie centers around him flirting with his young students like a dirty old man while yelling at everyone and no one in particular . Pacino yelling on screen into a cell phone , let 's give this guy an Oscar . By all purposes this would cause a scene , but it seems that everyone in the city is used to Pacino yelling in public places . `` Did I blow up my car ?!? Did I shoot bull-ets at myself ?!? `` Calm the hell down . It 's actually pretty hilarious , it 's almost as if everyone around him is consciously trying to make a mediocre movie but he can not be contained . He 's bursting through the screen with an incredible performance !
 With the goatee and poofy hair , Pacino kept reminding me of Wolfman Jack in 88 Minutes . And you know what , I 'd much rather have seen him in a biopic about the howling 70 's deejay than in this stinker ! The story of the college professor who moonlights as a forensics expert for the FBI is so stupid and every cliche-ridden twist so lame that it 's impossible to muster any interest in the crime . I guess the whole thing is so preposterous it might be enjoyable on some so-bad-it 's - good level like an Ed Wood film , but there are too many death threat cell phone calls that remind the viewer exactly how much more of this terrible movie is left to endure and they get in the way of any fun . I mean , it takes the wind out of your sails when the killer says there 's still 75 more minutes or 55 more minutes left to go -- it 's like clockwatching at a job you do n't like ! It 's terrible and one of the hands down WORST movies of 2008 and of Pacino 's legendary career.This movie is really bad . I am a big fan of Al Pacino , what was he thinking when he took this part . Pacino has now been in two of the worst movies I have seen , the other being `` GILI '' . This thriller just did n't pass the smell test , it stunk . I do n't recommend it at all !! . I 'd have given it zero stars if I could ! D
 I love Al Pacino and have watched him in many a bad movie . Even when the film sucks , like this one kind of does , he does something to make it watchable and entertaining for fans . Here he plays forensic psychologist Jack Gramm . In addition to his medical practice , Jack teaches a criminal studies class at a local college . He 's a a bit of a ladies man after hours keeping company with call girls , his students -LRB- Alicia Witt and Lelee Sobieski -RRB- , his secretary -LRB- Amy Brenneman -RRB- and even the dean of the college -LRB- Deborah Kara Ungar -RRB- . It was Jack 's crucial testimony years earlier that earned a rapist -LRB- Neal McDonough -RRB- the death penalty . On the day of the execution , Jack awakes to find a man on a motorcycle outside his house . When he arrives at work he sees that the motorcyclist has followed him . He then gets a call on his cell phone in which someone tells him he has only 88 minutes left to live . Jack starts an investigation that has his put upon gay secretary -LRB- Brenneman -RRB- making about a hundred phone calls and checking the records of the prison , his students , the woman he was with last night and so on and so forth . Jack is clueless as to who is taunting him and his paranoia causes him to run around campus like a madman snatching cell phones away from terrified students . Teaming up with one of his students -LRB- Witt -RRB- , Jack attempts to prove that the murderer he put away is behind this latest threat . The film takes place in real time once Jack is threatened but it 's never all that suspenseful . Jack takes the news in stride and he and Witt go to his apartment and basically chill for a half hour until he gets another phone call telling him where to go . Once the person 's identity is revealed there have been so many ridiculous twists and turns that the film becomes laughable . The best scene involves an exasperated Jack yelling at an FBI guy -LRB- William Forsythe -RRB- who believes Jack is behind it all . `` Did I blow up my own car ? Did I shoot bullets at myself ? '' , Jack yells . -LRB- His explanation of how his `` DNA '' came to be found on a murder victim is also pretty funny -RRB- . Hell , in the bonus features Pacino admits that much of the film is illogical but that he was still attracted to the material for whatever reason . He says he had a good time making it but that does n't guarantee that fans will have a good time watching it . The film was made way back in 2005 and shelved for nearly three years . It was directed by Jon Avnet who would reunite Pacino and DeNiro months later in ` Righteous Kill ' , another ridiculous film , but one that is much more entertaining than this one .
 A new suspect turns up every 3-minutes until they all seem to run together . A new body is found hanging from a ceiling every 10-minutes , which tends to numb and desensitize the viewer . Finally , the cell phones never stop ringing and the frenzied characters continue to run amok . Not to mention the requisite exploding car , the screaming , and the crashing of glass plate windows . None of which add up to a meaningful or enjoyable viewing experience . Rather , this turns out to be an unfortunate waste of Pacino 's talent and screen presence .
 88 Minutes is the most inept , and quite frankly the worst thriller I have ever seen -LRB- Even worse than garbage like Left Behind ! That 's saying something ! -RRB- . Yes , this film is chock full of surprises and shocks , but not for reasons it originally intended . This film is so bad , that not only is it one of the most critically-reviled films of all time -LRB- 5 % Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes ! Ouch ! -RRB- , but it was also so heinously bad that Sony Pictures did n't even want to release it . The same Sony Pictures which gifted mankind with garbage like Gigli and The Fog remake , as well as other bad flicks . Granted , it is not quite as bad as those other two flicks , but not by a whole lot -LRB- As shown by the zero rating -RRB- , which is kind of like saying getting shot in the crotch with a handgun is less painful than say , getting shot in the crotch with a double-barreled shotgun . Either way it sucks , and you should n't even consider either options at hand.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 Brief review as it does n't warrant many words : One of the worst films Al Pacino has ever made . Simply terrible .
 `` 88 Minutes '' is one of the worst `` thriller '' movies I have seen in a long time . Al Pacino rants and raves and weaves in and out of ludicrous situations and characters -LRB- mostly young women -RRB- who ca n't bring any believability to the plot . Everything is overdone or overwrought - including Pacino . He is constantly startled and running from one unbelievable situation to the next . The whole idea of 88 minutes to die is contrived and nonsensical . It had every cliche and trick in the book on serial killers . The ridiculous twists and turns were laughable.Whoever wrote and edited this film obviously were banking on Pacino to save it . Pacino can do a lot , but in this romp he was running from place to place while a superhuman assistant was getting anything he asked done in a matter of minutes . It was implausible ! I cringed watching him trying to make a film that had nothing but bad lines become an interesting thriller.Don ' t waste your time watching this .
 Al Pacino sleepwalks through the role of a go-to crime fighter named Jack Gramm who races against the clock to stop a murder - his own.The script -LRB- such that it is -RRB- is cliche-riddled with all the sloppiness of a drive-by shooting . The predictable culprit taunts our bored-looking protagonist - whom everyone in the picture can immediately identify - with a faux-Jigsaw computerized voice in a failed effort to replicate Dennis Hopper 's `` Pop quiz , hotshot ! '' from Speed
 This movie was predictable and beneath Al Pacino . He must have needed a pay day . As a matter of fact he must have needed a few pay days with some of the movies he has been choosing lately . This movie was just blah and nothing special at all . It took me all of about 20 minutes to figure out who the secret killer was . They tried to throw you in a bunch of different characters directions but when you come to realize there is an actor/actress in the movie that has a pretty big name and has only had a small part early they it might make you think , `` Ok , why was he or she in this and why have n't I seen the character again very much ? `` Its a dog . Maybe worth watching once if you are bored .
 I love this actor . I would go so far as to say that this is one of his best . However , in the interests of fairness , I must say that this movie is a waste of time . It is so bad that I even had to cringe when I think about how much of my life was lost watching it . I have to just say this because the script was weak , the acting was bad , and the editing was just plain awful . I mean really awful . Save yourself the agony of watching this dog by doing dishes or dusting . It is really that bad , so just avoid it .
 This might be a gut reaction after just finishing the movie three minutes ago , but
 I can not even believe I spent $ 4.00 on this movie buying it used at Blockbuster . Heard about it when it came out but didnt go see it . Forgot about it then saw it as a 5 / $ 20 pick at Blockbuster so picked it up thinking , `` Hey it 's Al Pacino , it must be ok at least ? '' I LOVED him in Scent of a Woman and various others so thought it was a great bargain ... . yeah , ummmm this has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Pacino was completely detached from the movie , the character and kind of Planet Earth . I want to say his acting was bad but it wasnt even acting , it was like he was on another planet he was so out of it and he along with the rest of the cast , good Lord , they might as well have been reading from index cards in their hands because that is what it sounded like for all of them!Four bucks was 4 times too many bucks to have paid for this movie and not only would I love to get my money back but the 107 minutes I suffered through it thinking it HAS to get better at some point ... . I will be giving this away to Goodwill as I do n't even think I can sell it on here for a penny or inflict it on anyone I know . : -LRB-
 88 Minutes starring Al Pacino is complete garbage . They must have paid Pacino a lot of cash because I ca n't see this guy thinking , wow this is an awesome script . Leelee Sobieski is wasted in this film and even Alicia Witt looks like she 's bored out of her skull . The premise is so bad and what 's with all the nudity ? You wo n't believe how lame the ending is , keep clear from this train wreck !
 Predictable from the start . Another Hollywood-style `` whodunnit '' with no real surprises . Al Pacino - I was surprised to find him this awful film , he 's the only one really trying but the script , direction , production and , let 's just say the whole film gives him no room to work in.Premise
 Why is Jack Gramm so grim ? Could it be a guilty conscience ? Why 's it -LRB- always -RRB- raining in Seattle ? Why are those victims hanging from their feet ? How does one person break two cell phones in 88 minutes ? What is a forensic psychologist doing driving a cab with the cabbie in the back seat ? After watching this movie you can answer all of the above , except for the one about the rain.It 's about Dr. Jack Gramm , forensic psychologist/university professor portrayed by Al Pacino . Gramm provided key testimony that led to the conviction of an accused serial killer . The rather tedious story revolves around the possibility that the convicted man is not guilty , although he faces imminent execution . It 's also possible that he is orchestrating a complex plot to kill Gramm from inside the prison.There are just too many suspects . Too many false leads . Too much confusion . Too much pointless running around . A melodramatic score does n't help . Pacino struggles mightily to make it entertaining , but it does n't work .
 I am a big fan of Al Pacino . There have n't been many times when I 've seen a film he 's starred in that I 've been disappointed -LRB- and I wo n't name the two times that 's happened that I can recall here -RRB- . Pacino is one of the greatest actors we have working today and even in a tepid film such as this , he gives it his all .88 MINUTES stars Pacino as Dr. Jack Gramm , a forensic psychologist who has just helped put away a serial killer we saw strike -LRB- in shadow only -RRB- . Jon Forster -LRB- Neal McDonough -RRB- has been convicted and awaits the death sentence.The story moves forward 9 years and Gramm is still at it . He also teaches a course at a college in the city the story is set in , Seattle . On the day of Forster 's sentence to be carried out , Jack receives a cryptic message via his cell phone . He has just 88 minutes left to live.While we have been given glimpses into Jack 's life , his womanizing , his binging , his somewhat flawed character , nothing can prepare us for this and what follows . Jack attempts to locate who is sending him these messages and try and stop his own murder.At the same time Forster receives a stay of execution and Jack 's abilities are called in to question . When people begin showing up dead that are connected to Jack , the table is turned as the FBI task force investigating a new series of murders that are identical to those of Forster , suspect Jack . The clock continues to tick down as Jack , aided by just a few friends , searches for the answers.Along the way we are offered something else . We are given a glimpse into the world of Jack Gramm . What is it that motivated him to take up this career to begin with ? Was he guilty of witness tampering ? Was he somehow involved in the murders ? And did he set up Forster for the killings or was Forster actually guilty?The answers to these question and others are all solved within the 88 minutes it takes for Jack to discover them as well . A bit of soul searching , a bit of sleuthing and a bit of luck bring us to a conclusion that offers several red herrings before the truth is revealed.Pacino turns in a great performance , though perhaps not one of his best . But even here his abilities are a sight to behold . Along with him is a great supporting cast including Alicia Witt as a student aid trying to help , Amy Brenneman as his harried secretary , Leelee Sobieski as a promising student and William Forsythe as Jack 's FBI associate and friend . Among them Forsythe has always been a favorite of mine and one of the unsung heroes of character actors working today.If you are a fan of mysteries there is the chance that you will figure this one out prior to the last moments of the film unspooling before you . I was able to do so for the most part . I got the set up , just not the particulars . But that is what makes a mystery so involving . Trying to figure out just `` who-dun-it '' . 88 MINUTES gives you the chance to figure it all out ahead of time . And with Pacino at the helm onscreen , you get the clues and a great performance all rolled in to one.Having written this upon the DVD 's initial release I 've had time to think back and digest everything better than I did at first . Yes , the movie is solid film making . Yes , Pacino turns in a well done performance . But at the same time something seems lacking here.Have you ever had a viewing experience where you thought `` I kind of enjoyed that but yet there was just something not right , something just ... '' . That is this movie in a nutshell . Perhaps a second viewing will make me find what I thought was missing . But my gut instinct tells me no.Don ' t get me wrong , this movie was still better than half a dozen others I 've watched . But at the same time , expectations when it comes to someone like Pacino leave this one lacking .
 This poorly made movie is basically Al Pacino running around shouting into a cell phone . This movie has no character development , an absolutely bizarre timeline , and simply makes very little sense . In another review , someone wrote , `` Your main character should never be a moron . '' I could n't agree more . Pacino 's character is supposed to be a world-class forensic psychiatrist , yet he is constantly making insane decisions , has incredibly poor boundaries with his students , and show very little insight.The premise of the movie was good . It could have been a terrific thriller . Instead , it was merely a silly , overly-violent waste of time .
 Made-for-TV dreck masquerading as a theatrical feature . Straitjacketed by Jon Avnet 's lethargic direction , the usually formidable Al Pacino punches the time clock as a forensic psychiatrist in this so-called `` thriller . '' Did anyone bother to read the script before shooting the first frame ? A waste of your hard-earned 108 minutes .
 In `` 88 Minutes , '' a gimmicky crime thriller directed by Jon Avnet , Al Pacino plays Jack Gramm , a forensic psychiatrist and university professor whose testimony played a crucial role in the conviction of a serial killer nine years earlier . Now , on the day the man is to be executed , Jack receives an anonymous phone call informing him that he has only 88 minutes to live . Could it be that the doomed-to-die convict has found a way to exact his own form of personal vengeance before heading off to that great big penitentiary in the sky?Now , upon getting this message , does Jack drive himself to the nearest police station and have himself put under protective custody , as any reasonable and sensible person would surely do ? Heavens no . Instead , he races all over metropolitan Seattle , systematically confronting everyone he views as a possible suspect - which , it turns out , is pretty much any person who is in any way involved with his life - while the ticking clock brings him ever closer to his prescribed end.Gary Scott Thompson 's mess of a screenplay stretches credibility beyond the breaking point , throwing so many red herrings and plot inconsistencies at the audience that we simply give up trying to make any sense out of it . Plus , in any story in which literally every single character -LRB- including Jack himself -RRB- is , at one point or another , a possible suspect , we know we 're being played for fools and our resentment towards those who made the film begins to boil over in a serious way . In the final analysis , there 's really no way to keep such a scenario from becoming more and more laughable and ridiculous the longer it goes on . In fact , the best line in the film goes to one of Jack 's students who , after her ex-boyfriend has been shot and killed , an entire apartment building evacuated due to poisonous gas , and Jack 's car blown to smithereens , all in the space of a few minutes , casually mutters , `` What next ? '' It ` s the same question the eye-rolling audience has been asking itself throughout the course of the movie . And to top it all off , the final confrontation scene is so preposterously staged and absurdly overacted that it feels almost like a parody of a crime thriller denouement . This may not be the worst script ever written , but you sure got ta ' give ` em props for trying.It 's no exaggeration to suggest that this supremely idiotic thriller may well stand as the undisputed nadir of Pacino 's otherwise long and distinguished career . Just know that these are 88 minutes -LRB- actually 107 , if you count the entire running-time of the film -RRB- out of your life that you will never get back .
 `` 88 Minutes '' is definitely not one of Al Pacino 's better movies - the thriller suffers from trite dialogue , a wasted cast of well-known names , and poor direction , not to mention an incredulous plot.The story revolves around forensic psychiatrist Dr Jack Gramm -LSB- Al Pacino -RSB- whose crucial testimony convicts and condemns a serial murderer , Jon Forster -LSB- Neal McDonough -RSB- to a death sentence . In the courtroom , as the sentence is handed down , Forster sneers at Gramm and says `` Tick Tock ... '' - apparently the countdown to Gramm 's death has begun , and he only has 88 minutes to live/figure out what is going on.The plot moves along at a rapid pace , but suffers from exaggeration , stereotypes , and mediocre dialogue - Al Pacino 's harried psychiatrist seems too sure of himself , and his acting here is n't much to watch , given to over-exaggeration and unnecessary swaggering , running along the crowded streets of Seattle , waving his gun around . His mostly female cast are also wasted - there 's the gay admin , played by Amy Brenneman , teaching assistant Alicia Witt , and star student LeeLee Sobieski -LSB- in a less than credible role -RSB- . Perhaps this movie also suffers from too many characters vying for a significant spot in the storyline.Ultimately , the movie fails to connect despite the interesting premise and well-known cast - even the close-up shots of victims seems gratuitous and unnecessary . Final verdict - lacklustre thriller . I 'd rather re-watch some of Pacino 's better thrillers like `` Sea of Love '' and `` Insomnia '' .
 Yek ! Pacino slipped this one in without anyone picking up on it . Good for him because this flick is a cliched bag o'you-know-what , like watching a melodrama from the '50s complete with strings for tense scenes and camera switching among actors as the whodunnit ? questions unfolds . Was it the embittered student ? the sensitive lesbian ? the jailed , evil crook?Dun , dun , duuuuuun .
 While roaming through my local Blockbuster , I picked this flick out because it seemed to have everything
 Another one of those thrillers that tries to make up for the bad script by employing the high caliber actors like Al Pacino an LeeLee Sobieski . Pacino plays university pofessor/forensic psychologist who profiles high visibility court cases and sociopathic criminals so that jury can reach their verdicts about the accused . Until one day , he receives a phone call letting him know that he has 88 minutes left to live . The usual happens - everyone is a suspect - his graduate students , collegues at the university and law enforcement , security guards and people he employs at his private office . For the next 60 minutes we see him running all over Seattle in attempt to unrevel the mystery of his would be assassin . In is almost painful to watch Pacino run , up and down street , run up and down stairs with his puffed up hair flapping all over the place . It is too bad that all of these actors had to be assembled for such a sad , sad and unbelieveble movie .
 It 's no wonder that this stale predictable `` thriller '' was shelved for a few years . Pacino -LRB- with the worst hairdo I 've seen in years -RRB- has become a self parody and does n't get any help from a sleepwalking cast in this extremely tedious film . I felt as if Al Pacino was shouting at everyone to wake them up ! I guess it 's not the worst film I 've ever seen , but there are just too many better films of this nature to waste any time on this one ... oh yeah and you can see the ending coming a mile away !
 Although I found `` 88 Minutes '' to be extremely predictable -LRB- meaning within the first 20 minutes , I had identified the killer -RRB- , I rate it a 2 . I will warn you that you will that identifying the killer is relatively easy especially for someone who watched these kinds of `` cookie cutter thrillers '' . The Plot
 This was a stupid movie . Al Pacino 's talents are way above this script and plot . Had Keanu Reaves or Tom Cruise been in it , I 'd probably have had enough sense to stop watching it after the first ten minutes , as they are as one dimensional and as trite as this film .
 That was 88 + minutes that I will never get back . Very disappointing from Al Pacino . Will he accept just any role now ? The idea and premis were good but the execution was horrible .
 You 've heard it 's bad . The movie critics said it , people who saw it said it , Amazon reviewers said it . But it 's Al Pacino and Jon Avnet , so you wonder , how bad can it be ? You buy it or rent it , and sit through one of the most tedious and pathetic movies ever made . The plot is ridiculous ; the writing , atrocious , and not even the most talented actor and director on the planet could save this ridiculous film . The only interesting question regarding this movie is , how did it get made ? Why did Avnet and Pacino agree to work with one of the worst screenplay ever written ? I 'd really like to know .
 This movie was just bad . It does n't even deserve the one star I was forced to give it . The only good think in it was Pacino , and even he was sub-par . The story was simply a rehash of every other `` out of time '' movie . Nothing new happened , there were too many characters . So many that there was no way for each of them to contribute to the film in a meaningful way.The acting was bad and the script poorly written . Some lines were just so unbelievable that I wanted to turn the movie off.The biggest problem is that the characters were so badly written that you are never able to connect with any of them . You simply do n't care when any of them dies , or gets hurt , or anything.The best part of this movie was the credits ... That 's about it.Looks to me like it 's time Pacino either retired , or raised his standards a whole lot.Don ' t waste your time or money on this movie .
 It 's not that this film is actually bad , but rather it is just disappointing considering the very talented cast and it 's potential to be a riveting thriller that is lukewarm at best.Taking a page from the TV series24Al Pacino has the last 88 real time minutes of this 1:40 minute film to figure out who his potential killer is before his time is up . He 's a forensic psychologist with a long list of enemies as he 's put many in jail with his expert testimony alone . There are some good twists now and then in this story and , as many have already pointed out , lots of red herring too.The direction is brisk and unobtrusive , but the script lacks the punch to support the director 's attempt to make things exciting . This is also one of those films in which the supporting cast is better than the main cast . Pacino seems to be bored with this film and literally looks like he 's acting panic-stricken . I mean , I can open my eyes wide too , but that does n't mean I really look scared , does it ? This is what critics call a `` phoned in performance '' that is often done by top actors to keep themselves busy until their next terrific film . It 's treated like a part-time or temporary job . Now , the presence of the decent looking and okay acting talent of Alicia Witt , the stunning and very talented Helen Hunt lookalike , Leelee Sobieski , and TV ` sJudging Amywho makes 40 + look like a fantastic age to be , Amy Brenneman , are all far more interesting to watch than Pacino is in this film.This is n't a bad movie and will make a decent rental , but do n't expect a whole lot from this film as you might because of Al Pacino 's presence . He 's way off his game here and his supporting cast really outshine him , even though that does n't take much with his performance in this film.FYI
 Al Pacino is an old geezer and he is attracting all these young women-No Way . When will Hollywood learn that women watch movies too and quit putting wrinkled old geezer actors with young women actors ?? On that count alone this movie is an incredible stinker . Add the ridiculous plot and implausable situations and well do n't bother with this one .
 I feel fairly confident in stating that veteran actor Al Pacino -LRB- `` The Godfather '' trilogy , `` Any Given Sunday '' , `` Serpico '' -RRB- is easily one of the greatest actors ever to appear on the silver screen . With that being said , is it just me or is anyone else scratching their head over one of Al 's recent releases , the supposed thriller `` 88 Minutes '' , which has become the worst reviewed movie of Pacino 's illustrious career . If you have n't seen the movie yet , once you do I 'm sure you 'll join me and many others in wondering , `` Why does a man as successful as Al Pacino debase himself by starring in this piece of cinematic garbage ? '' `` 88 Minutes '' follows one extremely stressful day in the life of forensic psychologist Jack Gramm -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- as he receives a threatening phone call claiming that he only has 88 minutes to live -LRB- hence the name -RRB- . To make things worse , a killer is leaving a trail of bodies that just so happen to be friends/colleagues or students of Gramm 's . Now , suspicions are on the rise that Jack may have snapped ; all the while time is ticking away for Jack to discover who is committing these murders , which of his colleagues and/or students may be killed next , and most important of all , how he can survive the following 88 minutes of his day.So , after viewing this less than thrilling thriller , which for some reason lasted nearly 20 minutes past the 88 minutes of story the movie actually has in store , I find myself pondering the question I posed a few moments ago , regarding Al 's questionable decision to star in such an obviously bad film that is nothing more than a pale imitation of a sub-par episode of any `` CSI '' or `` Law and Order '' series . Surely , the script read as poorly on paper as it sounded in the context of the movie . Well Al , can you answer my question or are you just as dumbfounded as the rest of us ? That 's what I thought , you 're as dumbfounded by your decision to star in this garbage as we are -LRB- I felt like giving him the benefit of the doubt based on his numerous years of cinematic greatness that he has given us -RRB- . The story for `` 88 Minutes '' holds promise early on , but by approximately 20 to 30 minutes into the film one quickly realizes that things are beginning to go awry and soon after that the material completely spirals out of control amidst a mess of more red herrings than an entire season of Scooby-Doo , a cornucopia of continuity errors , and impossible coincidences that are too obvious to ignore . Writer Gary Scott Thompson -LRB- TV 's `` Las Vegas '' -RRB- is not exactly a stranger to compelling drama , but for some reason he was n't able to squeeze any out of his script for this movie . I think the concept for the movie sounded good on paper , but when trying to flesh out the script Thompson most likely realized that the concept would n't be able to hold up without relying on absurd coincidences . I believe Thompson , in an attempt to somewhat disguise the over-reliance on coincidences that are completely improbable , chose to introduce as many red herrings as he possibly could , to the point that as a viewer you eventually lose track of which ones you 've eliminated as possible suspects and you just take a shot in the dark regarding who the guilty party may be . Whatever the case may actually be , one thing is for certain , the movie 's story is far too contrived and jumbled for any person to actually enjoy sitting through it from start to finish.The continuity errors sprinkled all throughout `` 88 Minutes '' could be attributed some to the writing , but in the end the director , Jon Avnet -LRB- `` Righteous Kill '' -RRB- , does have control over what ones will be visible in the final product . This for me became a major distraction over the course of the movie ; for instance , in one scene a car is shown vandalized , yet five to ten minutes later that very same vehicle is shown in completely pristine condition and the vandalism disappearing is never touched upon as being fixed and due to the 88 minute plot device , there was never any time for the car to be repaired , hence one major error that should have been caught on the set or in the script and was n't . One other example would be Al Pacino 's crazy hairstyle in this movie . I do n't normally pay too close of attention to an actor or actresses hair in a movie , but his was so odd and varying from moment to moment that it was hard to miss , and the hair seemed like it was almost alive and taking on a life all its own at times . Granted the former is a much bigger problem than the latter in terms of complaints about the movie ; yet both serve as prime examples for a couple of instances where continuity was obviously ignored , and the problem permeated into almost every scene of the film.Speaking of Al Pacino I normally enjoy his performances even in movies that are n't always the greatest , he at least provides some semblance of entertainment . In this movie , Al seems hardly invested in the role , as if he 's just going through the motions to collect a paycheck that I hardly believe he was in such desperate need of to sign on to such a ridiculous project . Generally , in every Pacino movie there is a moment or two where Al kind of goes over-the-top , not to the point of bad acting , it 's just something you come to expect from him through his intense portrayal of his various roles , and in a way you kind of look forward to it ; yet in this movie he maybe does it once , and not to the extent that any real intensity is conveyed . That lack of intensity gave me a clear indication of how little Al actually cared for the material he was being given to work with here.Supporting Al 's uninspired performance were some fairly recognizable faces ranging from the always reliable character actor William Forsythe -LRB- `` Gotti '' -RRB- , to former TV stars Amy Brenneman -LRB- `` Judging Amy '' -RRB- and Neil McDonough -LRB- `` Boomtown '' -RRB- , to some of Hollywood 's obscure young talents Leelee Sobieski -LRB- `` Joy Ride '' -RRB- and Alicia Witt -LRB- `` Urban Legend '' -RRB- . Most of the supporting cast was decent in their various roles , although Leelee Sobieski seemed a little forced in her performance , not feeling all that natural in her role as a student to Jack Gramm . Perhaps this was due to the fact that maybe she was aware of how ridiculous this movie actually was , I do not know , but whatever the reason , she just did n't seem comfortable in her role from the moment her character was introduced.What it all boils down to is this , `` 88 Minutes '' is one of the worst movies , if not the worst movie of 2008 , and by far is the worst movie in Al Pacino 's highly successful career . A poor story full of contrived plot points , inconsistencies , and a running time that does n't end soon enough , `` 88 Minutes '' will have you bored and looking for the stop button long before the credits will begin to roll . `` 88 Minutes '' is rated R for violence and language .
 I was shopping at Target when I spotted the new movie with Al Pacino.Got it.Watched it . Did not like it . Checked customer reviews at Amazon and was surprised that some people gave it five stars . From the start , One can see the story was badly put together and the direction did not help . I do not recommend you buy this movie .
 A bit of a dud really . The story overreaches with its attempt at a surprise twist at the end , but loses the viewer long before that point.Good for a cable viewing when nothing else is on , but only a single viewing.The movie just falls short on many levels and is n't all that entertaining .
 This piece of trash revolves around the MO of the murderer
 Very flawed Pacino flick . Aside from that it was n't really bottom of the barrel , close though .
 One word
 I usually love anything with Pacino ... not this one . Just bad . A real waste of his talent as well as the talents of Sobieski & Stephen Moyer .
 Not a total disaster , but there is so much wrong with this movie that it 's hard to know where to even begin . -LRB- Afraid there may be some spoilers here . -RRB- The script completely lacks any credibility at all - the events that occur between the time Pacino receives the life-threatening phone call and the `` resolution '' could not have possibly taken place in just 88 minutes . Come on - it takes a lot more than 10 minutes to go cross town in any city , no matter how small , let alone in Seattle . Too many people know things they have no business knowing -LRB- how did Pacino 's student know that Sarah was dead when the body was just discovered ? -RRB- Where was the continuity person - in one scene it 's raining pretty hard and a couple of blocks later the sun is shining . For a man who supposedly has only 88 minutes to live , Pacino seems awfully complaisant , and calm enough to explain key plot elements that the script writer could n't figure out how to otherwise introduce . It 's just sloppy film-making .
 Just caught this on cable tv and I am thankful for three things after watching it :1 . I did not pay money to see it in the theaters2 . I did not pay money to buy the DVD3 . I did not pay money to rent the DVDI would not send my worst enemy into the theater to watch this mess of a movie . I have never seen Pacino look so bored in front of the camera . I think he realized what a stinker the movie he was making would be and so just went through the motions . It does n't help that Pacino is really starting to look his age , thus making him old , tired , and bored . I would hope a man of his enormous talent would be so picky and choosy about what movies he agrees to be in at this stage in his life . For the life of me I do n't know what Pacino saw in the script , but whatever it was supposed to be , the end result was a terrible movie.The other one star reviewers have done a good job of explaining what made the movie so bad , so I wo n't repeat them . Just know this is probably the worst Pacino film I have ever seen . Actually forget about Al , this would have been a terrible movie regardless of who was in the starring role . This is not so much a review as a warning to stay far away from this movie . If you decide not to read any of the one star reviews and buy it anyway , well then all I can say is you get what you deserve !
 Al Pacino managed to sink below the depths of acting on autopilot to complete sleepwalking throughout this uninspired movie . Fitting , giving the title , that this is a case of plot by numbers.Al Pacino is a forensic psychologist who gets a call telling him he has 88 minutes to live . Clues in the call tell him it is to do with a case from his past when his testimony was responsible for putting a man on death row . From there , we have predictable cat and mouse scenes , running around looking paranoid , head scratching and red herrings . . which all makes this sound more fun than it ultimately is . Do n't get me wrong , as a time-passer this does the job - but if you figure out , as most people will , who is the ` mystery ' killer early on , the rest gets pretty mundane . Critically , the film ca n't make up its mind whether to try and be clever or not - it sets its stall as being all about this clever and insightful forensic psychologist , and bringing killers to justice through keenness of mind . . then in the same breath descends into schlocky running around and killing , with Pacino 's character reduced to a leery old man completely lost and at the whim of the circumstances around him.A wasted opportunity then , despite some interesting casting in the students Pacino is teaching . . here 's hoping the cast , and I mean Pacino too , find some juicier roles in the future to help them shine.This is not the worst film of the year by far , but it 's a shame to rent or buy this when there are so many superior thrillers out there .
 88 Minutes is a tried and true `` whodunit '' shock/thriller clone that may entertain briefly but is at best a guilty pleasure . The story is a Hollywood teaser line
 About the most complex contribution Jon Avnet 's 88 Minutes makes is that it somehow manages to be both predictable and surprisingly disappointing . Writer Guy Scott Thompson , whose other contributions include the TV show Knight Rider -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , provides a fairly simple plot involving a highly successful celebrity psychiatrist -LRB- celebrity in that he 's well-esteemed in his small Seattle pond , not celebrity in that he councils the rich and famous -RRB- who is slowly stalked -LRB- via cell phone ! -RRB- by a creepy techno-altered voice that may or may not be coming from a copy-cat killer . Pacino , who is entirely miscast here , approaches his Dr. Gramm as if to say , I have played this character a thousand times . Now , what 's my line ? Typically he is stimulating and brings energy to even the most 2-dimensional roles , yet here he seems only exhausted and disheveled.Dr . Gramm , despite being quite successful profiling crime scenes and serial killers , has terrible boundaries with his students . He flirts with them , drinks with them , and is out one night with them at a bar celebrating the fact that a serial killer -LRB- Neal McDonough -RRB- he helped send to death row has lost an appeal for clemency . Soon someone is dead and then we all arrive with Pacino staring out at his classroom , wondering which one of the clean-cut , pretty , model-like actresses is the killer.It is n't long before we have car explosions and lots of people , including the unknown techno-voice killer , scrambling around and haunting each other on the phone . People jump from behind dark corners in garage stairwells , cryptic taunts miraculously appear , and then characters seem to suddenly get invented and written into the script for no other reason than to serve as `` yet another unexpected suspect '' who we all know did n't really do it . Or maybe they did . By the time we are head-first into this thing we do n't really care . By the time the real killer is finally presented , we are delighted - not because we are surprised but because then we know that this convoluted and contrived mess that has all of the logic and brilliance of a 90s B-flick -LRB- see Sliver -RRB- is finally coming to an end . At some point I actually grew as exhausted as Pacino looks and lost interest and started counting how many times his character 's phone rang , say , within 5 minutes . That was far more entertaining than the 108 minutes lost watching 88 Minutes .
 88 Minutes features a `` real-time '' gimmick , and if that was n't enough to lure you in , it stars Al Pacino as Jack Gramm ; a forensic psychiatrist and college professor who begins receiving phone calls telling him he has , you guessed it , 88 minutes to live . Next thing you know , he 's being followed and harassed around every corner , frequently reminded of how long he has to live . Could it be a conspiracy orchestrated by the serial killer -LRB- Neal McDonough -RRB- that he helped put in jail a few years before ? Even though 88 Minutes attempts to throw red herring and twist after twist at you , it wo n't take you too long to figure it all out . This would n't be so bad if it were n't for the fact that the film itself is just awful and boring to watch . Pacino just seems so bored with the material here that it 's disappointing to see him in this mess , while supporting players including the usually dependable Alicia Witt , Amy Brenneman , William Forsythe , Deborah Kara Unger , and Leelee Sobieski especially are just horrid . Jon Avnet 's overly flashy directing does n't help matters either , and as a whole 88 Minutes is just mind-numbing . All in all , no matter how much of a Pacino fan you may be , these are 88 minutes that are definitely not worth your time .
 88 Minutes is the story of Dr. Jack Gramm -LRB- played by Al Pacino -RRB- , a forensic scientist who works for the FBI . After providing testimony that puts a serial killer to jail , the killings mysterious start up again . It is here that the story starts.Without pulling any punches , this movie was horrendous . The script was one of the worst I have had to stomach all year . It was cheesy , horribly written , and provided the actors with so little to work with that it actually made Al Pacino look like a fool.A couple examples of its foolishness :1 -RRB- Early in the movie , Jack Gramm helps a student who has been injured . In 15 minutes -LRB- we know because the movie is counting down actual time in minutes -RRB- , the student manages to allow police to question her , have her injuries treated -LRB- we know this happened because she shows up again soon looking great ! -RRB- , go to Gramm 's office for files , and show up at an apartment . All this in 15 minutes ? In a major city , to boot .2 -RRB- Near the end of the movie , the killer allows a woman tethered to a rope to slip down 20 feet . She pulls the rope back up with little effort , and in a few seconds . Later in the scene , the woman slips again , but this time 2 grown , healthy men struggle to pull the rope -LRB- and the woman -RRB- back up to safety.Another beef I had with this flick
 Wow , this was terrible . Almost impressively so . Red Herrings ? Hah , mildly pink tadpoles is more like it . There alleged twists and potential suspects are so thin that it only occured to me after the fact that I was supposed to take them seriously.It 's never a good idea to have the main character be a complete moron . My favourite scene is the one where he spies a suspicious character for the 4th time -LRB- he 'd chased him the 3rd time but lost him -RRB- and just watches him walk away without doing anything . -LRB- `` Hmm , you got away this time mystery-man because my car is this way , and you 're walking that way ... '' -RRB- I have a long list of scenes from this movie that I love to hate . -LRB- `` I wonder where he went after the party . '' Oh wait , he was at the party ? So that guy was your ex ? Perhaps we should have established that before moving on to where he went after the party ? -RRB- But I ca n't go into them all here because it 's only fun if you 've seen the movie and want to laugh along with me . At the movie.My favourite though , is the alternate ending . True enough , there is a additional scene in the alternate version but , if you choose to watch the alternate ending -LRB- which would likely be , as I did , immediately after having just watched the regular ending -RRB- you will first have to watch the entire last 6 minutes of the movie . Yes , 6 minutes . 360 seconds . I could make a movie of my face watching it and call it 360 seconds , my face was so contorted in disbelief that they would actually show the entire final 6 minutes with no changes whatsoever -LRB- not one -RRB- and then tack on a 2 minute section . I do n't mind the 88 minutes , or the 2 minutes , it 's those 6 minutes that killed me.My 2nd grade -LRB- ' 3rd Form ' as it was known in those days in that place -RRB- creative writing assignment was actually a lot better than this movie , I 'll have to tell you about it sometime . It involved frogs , cowboys and , oddly enough , a crazy-haired Al Pacino .
 I agree with everyone who 's said this movie was bad , stunk , predictable , etc. . Pacino running around with a Phil Spector-like `` hairdo '' was laughable . Alicia Witt , playing one of his students spouted out her lines as if she were reading at an audition . She gave a particularly atrocious acting job in this stinker , that I was really hoping she 'd be the next victim to die . The little parts where Pacino is freaking-out , staring at his students , wondering if any one of them was involved in framing him was something out of a You Tube parody . Racing around town in a cab , with the cab driver calmly sitting in the back seat making his hundreds of bucks so that ... oh fergit it . Folks , this is a no-go .
 Ca n't believe Pacino was in a movie this BAD and ca n't believe I actually watched it all the way to the end . Both plot and acting were terrible !!
 I 'd like to pour some deep thought into why this was a bad movie , but nothing about this movie was deep . And I 've already wasted 88 minutes watching it and do not want to lose any more time.Bad acting . Weak story . How the killer sets up all the murder scenes in minutes and then -LRB- teleports ? -RRB- to the next crime is quite difficult to figure out . Did Pacino read the script or just look at the payout on the contract ? Are actors like Deniro and Pacino hard up for money . They both seem to be ending their careers on sour notes.The only remotely interesting part of the movie was watching Pacino 's hair . It 's teased enough to put most 80 hair bands to shame .
 Any Western boasting the likes of Randolph Scott , Ernest Borgnine , and Lee Marvin should be an all-time great , but Stranger Wore A Gun proves that his films with Budd Boetticher were far superior to most of his films , and makes you wonder what Scott 's Boetticher films would have been like if he 'd had such great co-stars as he did in this film.Scott plays a former Confederate spy who joins with an old war colleague to stage a gold robbery in Arizona . Scott changes his mind , and tries to stop the robbery . George Macready , playing the bad guy , is his usual despicable self , and Marvin and Borgnine are solid as usual as two of Macready 's gang.One of the problems with this film is that it was filmed for 3D , which is obnoxious and distracting , as objects and people point toward the screen for an effect which is no longer viable . The dialogue is also not as cleverly pointed as it was in Scott 's better films.Stranger Wore A Gun is not a bad film , but not in Scott 's top five best Westerns , and possibly not even his top ten .
 This is one of the few Nicole Kidman films you would let your kid watch . What could be more cool than riding a bicycle with walkie-talkies hanging out with a kid named Angelo D'Angelo ? And then you discover your dad 's Playboys and its all over . In this film some kids discover a case of walkie-talkies that belong to a group of robbers planning a job . The police want them too as the kids are stepping all over their police band . Can a group of kids on bikes thwart the robbers and the police?Ho - hum . Nothing like scenes of kids riding bicycles , popping wheelies , and out smarting adults.I am not sure kids today would even be interested in this film . And if you 're a perv who stalks Nicole Kidman , you might want to pass on this one too unless you are also into bicycle seats . This was made before Kidman could act.Parental Guide
 -LRB- Bmx bandits -RRB- the quality was horrible!the sound went in and out , like someone took it straight off vhs.disappointed!Never even heard of the company it was made from deffinently a bootleg.I did ` nt think amazon had bootlegers!they need to remaster it or something.can i get a special edition or something .
 First things first
 I ordered this movie for my granddaughter . Her dad grew up watching it and I was so excited to find it for her . Boy were we disappointed . We could not even watch it . It skipped whole scenes , the picture quality was even worse than most pirated dvd . I am so disappointed with it . I recommend the movie for any youngster but be very careful who you order from .
 Horrible sound quality and the picture is blurry . Oh and the return policy is only if unopened which sucks because you expect it to be a decent movie and for someone to be able to sell that it 's ridiculous .
 Thankfully I received this item as a gift and did n't pay for it . This DVD is a huge rip-off . Yeah you get some behind the scenes stuff but that 's about it . Where are all the videos ? Where is the entire album ? This item is for the Super Diehard fan who has to have everything no matter what . U2 is known for only releasing quality items and this is not one of those .
 Where 's the videos ? A disclaimer is in order here . OK , this is a pretty good bio done in the style of `` the making of ... '' I 'm sorry but I want my MTV . Producers of such products as this should take note of DVDs like Bjork -LRB- Volumen -RRB- or Depeche Mode -LRB- Videos 86-98 -RRB- or Morrissey -LRB- Oye Esteban ! -RRB- . These represent the highest quality of music videos on DVD which I have seen thus far .
 If you want to see a group of old men reminisce and talk , then you will enjoy this . I 'm a U2 fan , but only when they 're performing .
 Look I love U2 ... I love the Joshua Tree Album . I thought this was a great Documentary . BUT ... It was a total mis-use of the DVD medium . If you are looking to create value for your fans -LRB- and get them off napster -RRB- and decide to release a DVD why not use the medium to the fullest . Build a DVD with all of the videos complete -LRB- no interview interruptions -RRB- . Create a second audio track with the audio interviews . And create Bonus tracks with the video interviews . Add another bonus of the full audio tracks ... and you got a great package for your fans.Instead this was a DVD that was laid out like a PBS special . Granted it was a good PBS special , but it was not what I was buying . I watched this DVD once ... and I will probably not watch it again ... When I buy a video , I want to watch it over and over again ... you ca n't do that for a music DVD that has songs and videos continuously interrupted by interviews.Don ' t buy this unless you expect a documentary .
 ... I do n't think that it 's really very proper for the Amazon reviewer to write `` An outstanding entry in the Classic Albums video series ... '' without having first watched it . I got this a couple of months ago as part of the 3-pack -LRB- along with discs on Steely Dan and Phil Collins -RRB- , watched it then , was n't impressed , set back for a while , watched it again , and was even less impressed . I grew up with U2 's music and like the band and the album -LRB- though it seems rather aged now -RRB- , but would in general agree with the comments that the people in charge of this production did n't make much out of the good content.For example , the specific skipping over of `` One Tree Hill '' has already been noted , but this is downright silly given the fact that the entire video of `` Sweetest Thing '' is included on this DVD even though that 's NOT a song on the album ! I know , I know -- they explain to you that it was written/recorded during the same period . That does n't make it any more reasonable , however , to include it here while excluding a better song that did in fact appear on the album . And this is tacked on as an afterthought as if to fill space at the end , hot on the heels of another such waste of space
 You might think this DVD would be chock full of Joshua Tree videos , rarely seen band footage , and insightful discussions about the songs on this album . You would be wrong . You wo n't find a single video from Joshua Tree , and we hear much more from the producer -LRB- Lanois -RRB- than from any of the band . If you enjoy watching the Edge and Bono stare at mixing boards while listening to track mixes that never made it to the album , then this might be for you . I do , in fact , consider The Joshua Tree to be the single greatest album of all time , and even after reading the lackluster reviews here I was still left bored and disappointed with this DVD .
 Doesnt have the full videos , a waste of money
 I 've got this DVD some months ago because I requested it to London . This DVD is only a making off of the Joshua Tree Album , so It has n't the complete songs that it says . It 's a very poor quality music DVD . Sincerously I would n't buy it .
 Hi , When I buy this DVD , I expect see and hear the great sound of U2 , but ... . this have n't videos . . only an `` back cameras '' about how was made the album .
 I thought this would be videos from this CD . Instead it 's like a documentary about the making of the CD . If you like to listen to people talk then I guess this is for you . If your looking for the videos for the songs then do not waste your money .
 I am a huge U2 fan and could n't wait to get this DVD . The major problem with it is that the Actual songs from the album are not on the DVD . It would have been appropriate to include the music videos along with the great doc footage .
 After watching the Joshua Tree DVD I thought it was a bit of a rip off . Your money is a lot better off spent on the Rattle and Hum DVD which is Fantastic . The Joshua Tree DVD is more in the $ 9.99 class than $ 25.00 . The Joshua Tree DVD I got the video portion kept cutting in and out.U2 is still the Greatest band ever but do n't waste your money on this DVD .
 If you r looking for Joshua Tree concert this is NOT for you . I just got it in the mail and I already could throw it in the trash . Its just the guys talking about the making of Joshua Tree . If you want to buy the making of you in the right place . If you looking for a concertI really hope this helps people that are thinking of buying . This is not is not a concert
 I was expecting the Joshua Tree album done up in full fledged 5.1 channel surround sound or at least high quality digital stereo . What I got was educational but musically lame . Not a single full trac of music . Just a few clips . Bites .
 Excellent DVD as far as music is concerned . Footage is also quite good . The mass production of this DVD may have screwed up everything specially on `` Songbird '' . The DVD stoped playing on this song , then it jumped , skipped , music stopped , Kenny G 's face turned into different colors like a chameleon . Returned it for a replacement & the same exact thing happened . Is the maker of this DVD sleeping ? Have n't they viewed & tested their own product before selling ? Such a pity ... excellent DVD ruined by carelessness .
 You really do have to give us something of what songs are on this DVD , maybe some samples . Yes , we like Kenny G. but can easily pass to something else w/o knowing a thing except that it is 144 minutes ... . sorry Kenny G. ... This review is the only way I could say something and they want more info than your DVD gave ...
 A little bit of a sad attempt at making clever short films . I had a chance to watch the trailer
 This is one of those movies where the previews show every single good part . Watch the preview and you 've seen the best parts of the movie and can spare yourself the agony of watching all the filler stuff . I watched this in the evenings for a bit here and there , but it took me a full week to finish it because there was little motivation . I persisted because I figured the end must be amazing . Meh.This is a &#34; focus &#34; feature which I expected to be clean , but there are a couple of crude parts . Mostly language . My favorite part was listening to the Scottish accents . I can never get enough of hearing them !
 I agree the transfer is awful , no excuses for this . However , to watch this great classic try the Blu-Ray copy . Like so many of you ; love the movie , hate this DVD .
 I remeber the original and it was black and white , the color waspoor and the sound track , especially the dialog was very spotty.Ididn ' t realize this was colored over .
 I was hoping against hope that this BR release would show the 16x9 widescreen with black bars in true BR format . Alas , it turns out to be a German vendor rip of a French dvd copy . The quality is poor , certainly does not display BR standard imagery . Again Amazon has failed to screen the product for an accurate assessment of what the customer is buying . This happened to Amazon 's offer of `` The Warlord '' with Charlton Heston and now this . The rush by some vendors to put a BR label on an old DVD copy is dishonest , and Amazon should take better care to protect its customers from faulty products or dishonest claims from vendors .
 The movie you sent me was in German . So I had to throw it away , and lost my purchase money . Someone screwed up right ?
 I 've been waithing a long time for this movie to be released in a better form . I got my copy today and I was totally disapointed . It 's not any better than all the other junk out there . And NO subtitles . If I had known that I would have never purchased it .
 My first DVD ripoff . I would n't think Amazon would even carry ... like this . And one of the great American classics , too !
 Just popped this Blu Ray into my player and the movie is in German . It looks like the titles are in French ! The quality is very poor . This film was directed by Marlon Brando and I 'm pretty sure he did n't make it in German with French titles ! I have returned the Blu-Ray for refund . Glad that Amazon had pulled this product !
 This Blu ray edition is just plain criminal.Someone should go to jail for issuing this.It 's worse than an old VHS tape that was left in the back window of a car for nine months and then unraveled by a three year old . `` forget about it . ''
 Such a great movie but such a poor Blu-ray image . No closed captions , only stereo sound and with poor vocals . Pastel colors . Picture about like a standard DVD . Apparently a foreign transfer .
 I only have myself to blame , as there have been several negative reviews on other sites that I should have read before ordering . This could be the shoddiest transfer to Blu-ray that exists ! Color is washed out and just plain ugly . It 's an improvement over the DVD I bought years ago for $ 4.00 , but that 's like comparing dog crap to a road apple . Avoid avoid , avoid !!! -LRB- At least wait for a BIG price drop . -RRB-
 When I purchased this `` restored '' print on Blu-Ray , I took it for granted that Paramount had finally deigned to present this knockout Western in its anamorphic splendor . Well , surprise , surprise , when the DVD Copywright Warnings come on , they 're in German ! . Then the Main Menu comes on and you have to go to Set-UP and select English , or the default track you 'll hear is in the German Language ! Then the movie comes on and there 's a scratch running down screen right during the Paramount Studio Logo and the VistaVision logo is completely missing ! Then for the clincher
 Was looking forward to this for some time and hoped there would be SOMEthing to enjoy , but my worst fears have been realized . A washed-out print with what looks like video credits - in French ; just hit play and you 'll get a German soundtrack - has a hard-to-navigate menu which makes it difficult to find the English soundtrack . Trying to watch this on a 110 '' screen was impossible , in all respects . What . A. Disappointment . Where does the line form for refunds ?
 Unfortunately I did not have a chance to check out other customer comments concerning this DVD . So , for those who do check first ... be WARNED . This is the worst DVD I have experienced to date . The quality is similar to an EP recorded video tape . The sound is terrible , and to be honest I had to shut my unit off after enduring only the first 5 minutes of the movie . Too bad , for the original VistaVision , Technicolor print was a gem when I ran it in the theatre . I 'm disappointed in Amazon , for allowing such a slimy Company to sell their obvious duped product , on their web site . I have learned my lesson , and will not buy another -LRB- BARGAIN DVD -RRB- from an unknown company .
 This movie itself is an good movie however I ordered this movie in DEC. and it 's now APR and it still was not sent , I do n't know what the hell is up with amazon but I would never order another old film from them ever since they seem to never get them in stock anyways.Peeved off
 The print on this dvd could n't be any worse than it is.From the beginning the whole thing is so blurry and made worse by not showing it in the wide screen format as it was filmed but on a bad full screen version.Even the print on the dvd case is hard to read I tried using a magnifying glass to no avail.I would n't buy any other dvd from `` Synergy '' as I do n't want to waste my money as I could n't even continue watching the movie and threw it in the garbage can where it belongs.G . Gonzalez
 My review is of the St.Clair Vision DVD . My copy is a turkey ; better yet a jackass . Keys segments of the film are missing . I know cause I 've seen it a few times before on a bargain basement DVD version that I lost . Based on my experience you 'd be a lune to buy the St Clair version . I trust Amazon will do the right thing so I do n't have to make a Federale case of this . The film is great , this purchase a no eyed Jack .
 The master source for the Blu-RAy is the same old crappy picture quality that 's been put on the DVD for years . . Maybe One Eyed Jacks will be honestly re-mastered properly someday . Amazon was nice enough to send a return label .
 The qualility of this `` Blu-ray '' is not acceptable . It is awful . This is n't a review about the movie which is what Amazon wants . Amazon does n't want a review that says the qualility is unacceptable . Do n't buy . `` Remastered '' is a misrepresentation and Amazon should return all buyers funds .
 First i have to say , i like this movie very much and i was so glad to hear it comes in the blu ray format.saying shortly , its horrible , catastrophal , just terrible.Picture its like an old vhs tape twenty years old and whats totaly wrong isthey wrote the sound is dts hd master 2.0 . Forget it its a simple stereo no nothing Hd Master Audio.the movie itself earns a 4 star but this blu ray just a half star .
 The movie had it all and then some . Very interesting . My one big complaint is the very poor video quality . Do n't know why but I would not recomend this version of the movie .
 Ca n't say enough about this movie . It is a favorite of mine . Brando 's portrayal of the old western gunfighter is classic . This transfer on DVD is the worst I have ever seen . You dont buy a DVD player to watch movies like this . Better transfers are out there . Cable has aired crystal clear versions of this film in letterbox format , another weakness of this rendition . The video store was kind enough to refund my money . Buyers beware , if you have n't already you will soon discover not all DVDs are created equal . You may think 10 bucks is a steal for a DVD movie only to find when you get home the video tape is much better . I am still waiting for the definative DVD rendition of this film from Paramount .
 The picture quality on the Entertainment One `` Blu Ray '' disc is awful . Do n't waste your money on it . To date , the best image quality for ONE EYED JACKS remains the Tgg Direct DVD released in 2003 .
 OEJ is my favorite western.I think it is one of the best ever made ... so when I heard it was coming in Blu Ray , I preordered a copy from Amazon , and could hardly wait to get it.I got it , and played Blue Ray OEJ that night.The transfer is a little better than TV , which makes for a transfer from hell.It looks to have some kind of 1080 seive over a previously bad transfer , the only digital remastering I saw was no remastering at all , the closer you get to the screen the blurrier the images get.This transfer is almost without color.The sound is OK.I do n't really know how to describe the horrid opening titles -LRB- german i think -RRB- . OEJ should be a Criterion project if ever there was a Criterion project or what about Coppola , Speilberg , and Scorsese , who loved and were affected by OEJ.I 'm surprised one of them has not took on OEJ as a restoration project.Last but not least what happened to the director 's cut which IS out there , I watched it while I was stationed in Vietnam at our outdoor theater -LRB- circa 1969 -RRB- .
 Do n't get me wrong , One Eyed Jacks is a great film , but do n't even consider buying this DVD . The transfer looks washed out , as if it had been done from a 15 year old betamax copy . The sound echoes badly from beginning to end and worst of all the picture breaks up completely about two thirds of the way through the film . Even though it 's not a lot of $ 's I beg of you do n't buy this DVD .
 This is an awful product . The quality of the movie/image is very bad , like an illegal copy of a DVD copied million times and almost destroyed . The image is n't sharp at all and the colors are very bad quality , very watery . The cover of the box does n't contain any traditional information about the movie aside from a very short synopsis ; it lack absolutely any information about the director , names of the actors , year of production , etc. . This is an awful , bootleg-quality like product , and I would never buy it had i known it earlier.Regards , Sylvia Stachnik
 Nothing equals the dereliction of those who transferred this masterpiece into a monstrosity . Audio cacophony is coupled with video distortion . Even my dog raised his leg over this DVD to show his disdain . Caveat emptor ! This DVD deserves a ZERO !
 The picture quality is much worse than my copy of this movie on regular DVD . Also , I ca n't get it out of the German language on audio . BIG disapointment !
 I watched this movie 20 years later after the original release -LRB- 1961 -RRB- at a small town . I 'm lucky that I had a chance to watch it in the cinema then . Now I got three DVD versions , i.e. from Vina , Digiview and the last one from D3k . I bought the D3k release from Amazon Marketplace -LRB- used item with very good condition -LRB- as claimed by the seller -RRB- from gohastings -LRB- Hastings Entertainment -RRB- thru third party -LRB- I ca n't buy it directly -RRB- and contrarily I got the very bad DVD condition
 Dear Fellow Viewers : I intend to buy the Alpha offering of DVD One Eyed Jacks but do n't know if the quality is good . I have read the DVD reviews with conflicting comments from good to bad . Since there are three versions being sold out there , I just want to know if the Alpha product is the good one being emulated or the bad one being lambasted .
 This is one of those movies put out by a company that bought the rights but did not restore it . Honestly , it looks worse than a version that you could record off of the television . I would not recommend buying this movie until it is released in a remastered version by Paramount . It is not worth the money . `` One Eyed Jacks '' was and still is one of my favorite all time movies , but after seeing this copy I returned it to the store because of the poor quality .
 Shame on the makers of this blue ray DVD . Why would they dare release a lousy copy of this excellent Western
 This supposed Blu-Ray disc of One-Eyed Jacks is nowhere near as good as my VHS version in EP . It is a joke . Amazon should remove this junk from its normal excellent selection . I 'd prefer watching a full screen version on tv with commercials to this travesty .
 I did n't think it would be possible to destroy a movie I so thoroughly enjoy . The soundtrack was so full of unbearable high pitched noise I had to struggle to watch the film . The reason this film is so exceptional is the beautiful panoramic shots of the Monterey area , but all of that was cut out . This DVD was many notches lower quality than any other version I have seen . Do not buy this !! What a shame to destroy such a grand western ...
 This video looks as if they recorded it off of a TV . I have Night of the Living Dead by Madacy and it looks about the same . DVD.Express would be well advised to take the Hollywood Classics collection out of the company inventory . I guess you get what you pay for .
 DVD much worse than VHS version . One great western that should be terrific on DVD . This copy is horrible .
 The reviewer `` B. King '' cites this version as `` letterboxed '' and the reviewer `` Michael C. Glancy '' says that it is widescreen . I ordered just this version , with just this cover picture , and it is NOT widescreen . Right on the back cover it states `` Standard Full Frame . '' I did not punch open the cellophane to verify , in order to be able to return the item , and I suppose it is astronomically possible that the item was mislabeled , but I doubt it . The cover boasts that it is `` Digitally Remastered , '' and it may indeed be a better transfer than the other versions , but I shall have to forage further for the widescreen . Meanwhile , dear browser , be advised that your humble servant went to the trouble of ordering this item based on the testimony of the two gentlemen cited , and it arrived with `` Full Frame '' blazoned on the back cover .
 I CA N'T REMEMBER THE LAST TIME I SAW A MOVIE WITH SO MANY GLOWING REVIEWS THAT TURNED OUT TO BE SO DREADFULLY DULL . BRANDO DESERVES PROPS FOR HIS AMBITION . CLEARLY , HE WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A FILM OF EPIC PROPORTIONS . UNFORTUNATELY THE FILM IS SLOW AND THE SCRIPT FORGETTABLE.AND IT 'S HARD TO FEEL ANY SYMPATHY OR HATRED TOWARDS BRANDO 'S QUIET `` RIO '' . ONLY CLINT EASTWOOD & CHARLES BRONSON IN SERGIO LEONES `` SPAGHETTI WESTERNS '' COULD GET AWAY WITH SAYING SO LITTLE IN SUCH A LONG FILM . ALSO , CONTRARY TO WHAT MOST OF THE REVIEWS SAID , THE MOVIE ITSELF BREAKS ONLY A FEW MOLDS THAT WERE TYPICAL OF WESTERN MOVIES . IF YOU WANT TO SEE AN EPIC MOVIE THAT TURNS WESTERN CLICHES ON THEIR HEAD THEN YOU 'VE GOT TO SEE `` THE GOOD , THE BAD , AND THE UGLY '' AND `` ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST '' . PREFERABLY IN LETTER-BOX EDITION WHICH TAKES ADVANTAGE OF THE 70mm PANORAMIC CAMERA EMPLOYED TO FULL EFFECT . SOMETHING BRANDO AT THAT TIME CLEARLY COULD N'T DO OR APPRECIATE AS AN ACTOR/DIRECTOR . I 'LL TAKE ACTOR/DIRECTOR KEVIN COSTNER 'S BEAUTIFULLY FILMED `` DANCES WITH WOLVES '' OVER THIS ANY DAY .
 THE WORST video transfer I have ever bought ! It is NOT in widescreen as some other reviewers have suggested and it is NOT in Dolby Stereo . This DVD also wins the award for the worst packaging and extras features
 Love this movie , truly the transition Western between stagey Hollywood productions and the more realistic 60 's Westerns be they American or Spaghetti . ONE-EYED JACKS is as stylish as it is exciting and Brando 's performance and direction is top-notch despite some critics ' claims of egotistic self-indulgence and an inflated budget and shooting schedule . Karl Malden should have won an Oscar and Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens shine in supporting roles . A very rewarding viewing experience . And I just finished watching it now.Bad Blue-Ray ? Full Frame ? Sick and tired of this film looking like crap . Feel like Ben Johnson complaining , '' Get that stinkin ' fish outta here . '' ? The dvd I just watched was the DIGIVIEW slim case version , the one with Brando 's face in the top corner , with below him Malden and Pellicer and then a group of 5 ruales . It was wide-screened with exceptional color and sound . You 'd really have to be nit-picking to hate this version . I enjoyed it very much and can recommend it to all . At least give it a try . You 've got little to lose as it 's readily available from many Amazon sellers for almost next to nothing.Until a major studio release gives this film the CRITERION treatment it deserves , I 'm very pleased with this DIGIVIEW version . It 's the best I 've seen , and believe me , I 've seen a lot of rotten copies of this Western classic .
 the picture quality is the worst i ever seen !!! and the sound is even worser !!!
 I already own a DVD of this movie but ordered a Blu-Ray copy thinking that it will be a lot better product since it is remastered . It is not any better . It seems like it was produced out of the U.S. , possibly Germany . The credits are in German , except for the names of course . The problem is in trying to navigate the menu to go to the English language version . The cursor just will not go where it needs to go . Unless my DVD player or remote is defective -LRB- I do n't think so -RRB- , the movie will start in German captioned in English . The set-up process left me frustrated I consider the item a rip-off .
 W A F J . Grab a VHS copy and smear Vaseline on your screen to replicate the effect of this Blu Ray
 One of the great westerns of all time has been butchered in this DVD form which looks and sounds like a 3rd generation knock-off . Apparently , Paramount no longer has the rights or the interest in saving this gem . Warn your customers and have them find the wide-screen laser-disk .
 I implore you not to buy this DVD . This is a classic western brilliantly acted and directed by Marlon Brando . However , this is the worst transfer to DVD I have ever seen . There is a constant high-pitched hiss and horrible video quality throughout the film . I have seen a beautiful letterbox print of this film on the Amercian Movie Classics channel . Save your money until a better transfer is released .
 Absolutely the WORST display of 1080p/DTS-HD Master Audio I 've ever experienced ! Truly a wonderful movie that was haphazardly transferred to HD , & from Germany no less !!! Such a crime ... I hope this one will have a better restoration in the future ... for all those who appreciate this fine motion picture !
 I have purchased more than one DVD of this fine movie ; however , each DVD has had terrible picture quality , as confirmed by a couple of other people . I wish other reviewers would also write something about the quality of the disk .
 I 'm afraid I have to second the comments made by the previous reviewer . This is a classic film ruined by a disasterous transfer to DVD.For the version I saw , the picture broke up about 5 minutes into the film .
 As many reviewers have noted , the video quality is terrible in many editions . I have only experienced the Madacy edition -- that 's the one where the cover has the original poster , surrounded by a white outline and the actors ' names below -- and it 's terrible . I will be sticking with my laser disk until -LRB- or if -RRB- Paramount releases a studio version . My two star rating is therefore an average of a `` zero '' for the technical quality of the Madacy DVD and a `` four '' for the movie itself -LRB- which features some of the most memorable dialog ever in a western , which I understand was in no small part due to Ben Johnson -- Brando would ask him , `` Ben , what 's a better way to say that ? '' and Johnson would come up with some wonderfully colorful expression like `` I hear there 's dirt between ya '' or `` Do n't be doin ' her like that '' -RRB- . So pray for a studio edition , as this movie certainly deserves first class treatement .
 I agree with all the reviews and want to add that the audio is also distorted . I bought OEJ on laser disc which was a Paramount production . Even though LD video is analogue 480i it has better audio and video than the other DVD productions I have seen . The main advantage this Blu-ray disc has over the LD is the video formatting to accommodate wide screen TVs.Considering the price , perhaps this release will serve as a stop-gap measure until some outfit with more money and tech . capabilities releases a properly restored version of this last VistaVision film . This film begs for extra features considering all the difficulties incurred with the production.The titles and other info . scripts on this release are in French and there are no sub-titles on the disc . The audio track includes a German dubbed version . On the menu I had a problem with switching between the English original and German dubbing . I had to use the audio button on my remote to do the switching . I use an Oppo BDP 93 and doubt if it is the fault of the player .
 I want the last 80 minutes of my life back ... failed more than gm
 I had the misfortune of seeing this film last night . I really loved Old Joy , but after seeing this movie with my girlfriend I had to apologize to her for taking us to see it . It is truly awful . Oldham 's in it for about 60 seconds , and his part is just silly . The rest of the movie has the simplest of storylines , and a main character about whom we know nothing and care even less.While Old Joy was a fantastic , easy going exploration into middle class American friendship during the Bush era , Wendy and Lucy is worse than watching an unemployment queue for an hour and twenty minutes . At least the unemployment queue is full of people trying to get work , rather than endlessly wallowing in self-pity . Great films this year like Frozen River or The Wrestler maturely handle American poverty issues with much greater respect , sympathy and realism , while this film seems content letting its main character beat her head against a wall for 80 minutes doing nothing to improve her situation.Everything I liked about Old Joy was completely absent .
 SPOILER ALERT
 If you do n't feel like slitting your wrists before watching this film , afterward you certainly will . And I do n't say that in the sense that WENDY AND LUCY was purely a bad film , because some areas were okay . It 's just that the story is so downright depressing that I felt I needed a Prozac the size of a football after viewing it.I 'm a fairly big Indie film fan , so I felt obligated to watch this `` American Film Institute Best Picture Winner of 2009 . '' Multiple film critics hailed it as `` a stunning achievement . `` Really?Stunning?Maybe I 'm losing my grip on film as a medium , but I found nothing in the film `` stunning . '' In fact , it is so ordinary , the story so plain , the events so ... uneventful , that I was hard-pressed to keep my eyelids from forcing themselves shut.But all was not lost . Michelle Williams -LRB- Land of Plenty -RRB- plays the part of a homeless vagabond quite well . Her situation is pitiful , if not acutely accurate in today 's struggling times . Williams is the only ray of success in what is otherwise a purely nowhere script . The only exception to this would be her experience of having to sleep in the woods and being presented with the possibility of rape or injury at the hands of a delusional man ; the only tension in this otherwise relentlessly boring story.Even the dog seemed to just be going through the motions , being told what to do , when to hit her cue , when to bark.Most people go to the movies as a form of escapism . They want to be transported to another realm , another time , or , at the very least , into someone 's interesting life . I know . I know . Some film makers want to show us `` the real world . '' But we LIVE in the real world . Why would we want to experience something that we see or live everyday ? The simple answer is , `` We do n't . '' And this is where Wendy and Lucy let me down . There was so much of ordinary life in here that it made the entire film unremarkable.I 'm not saying lives ca n't be made interesting . Take a look atInto the Wildand you 'll see what I mean . And that 's just one example . But watching a car break down , a girl make phone calls , and befriend an old security guard just are n't things that appeal to me . Yes , there 's more to Wendy and Lucy than that -LRB- the dog , Wendy 's struggle to get her back only to realize she ca n't get her back , etc. -RRB- , but the progression of how all this happens is , again , exceptionally boring.I 'm still an Indie film fan , and probably will be until the day I die , but I wo n't be a fan of this flick .
 I had to watch this movie for class ... what an awful film . While Michelle Williams is amazing in her role - the movie had no point .
 This was a sad movie . For anyone who loves the companionship of animals and to have to be separated from something you love so dearly and sometimes that animal is all you have in life can be heartwrenching . But this film is supposedly about struggling through life with not much money or a home . In today 's economy , I 'm sure many can relate to that.But it was hard to feel sympathetic towards Wendy or her life . I can not understand why she would steal a can of dog food for $ 1.99 when she had $ 500 in her possession . She went to jail , got convicted of a crime and had to fork out $ 50 to get out of jail . Was it worth all the trouble ? Then she takes a cab to see Lucy which looked like it cost more than $ 10 . If Wendy really wanted to get to Alaska to start earning money , she could have taken the Greyhound to Seattle and got on the Ferry from there for less money than she spent dealing with her car , jail , and searching for Lucy . And I know how expensive car repairs can be and to lose your car and your travelling home is pretty tough to imagine.This film would be a nice college student film . It really had nothing to say about a very serious , socially debilitating subject . I 'm sure that was n't the aim of why the film makers wanted to do the film to somehow expose the rawness of how terrible being homeless with no job and not much money can be . Otherwise , it would have been longer than 80 minutes and there would be some insight as to why Wendy is in this situation but maybe that was n't the point either . It just fell flat . I would not want to be in Wendy 's position because her life in the film is just poor choices . I would like to think that there are people out there who put up a better fight to make it through the hardships life throws at them . You can not be naive and not forsee consequences in your behavior when you 're living on the streets in this day and age.I did like the starkness of the film and the cinematography , but it just did n't hit all the right notes in the places it needed to . Michelle Williams did a good job in portraying Wendy , but the lack of emotion in her character left me empty , just like Wendy 's sad life .
 As a teacher of homeless youth I find it amusing that so many reviewers read historic-rendering drama into the lives portrayed in this movie . Homelessness is crude , factual , nonromantic and filled with mundane issues of surviving a life of where to sleep , getting food & money and socializing with like situated compadres . On the whole the movie and acting portrayed Wendy 's journey and encounters fairly accurately although most homeless youth would have dumpster dived before risking such an obvious shop lifting . Where I have issue with this movie is this cutesy-fashionable `` leave-it-up-to-the-audience '' to finish the story . That , supposedly suspenseful yet incomplete , writing style works only rarely in literature and has no resemblance to reality - everything has a naturally occurring beginning and an end . The audience should n't be creating endings for someone else 's beginnings . If we did then we might as well write the whole story .
 Slow moving `` slice-of-life '' film which revolves around the loss of Lucy , Wendy 's dog , and her subsequent search.Wendy and her dog , Lucy , are on their way to Alaska where Wendy hopes to find work when Wendy 's car breaks down . The next morning , after a night sleeping in the car , they are hungry . Time to go shopping at a nearby store . Lucy is tied up outside to a bicycle rack . That , in itself , raised my stress level , which increased as Wendy slowly meandered the grocery aisles and I imagined Wendy finding Lucy stolen when she finished her `` shopping . '' But no , Wendy is arrested for shoplifting and driven off to jail looking back through the rear window of the police car at Lucy , still tied to the bicycle rack . That is where I lost sympathy for Wendy . She had money for the dog food she shoplifted . Why risk arrest , jail and the separation and ultimate loss of her dependent and loving companion?Wendy , the main character , was well acted , but seemed basically depressed , which I guess , would explain her poor decision . Would have loved some background to explain her emotional state.Since the premise of the film '' ... addresses issues of sympathy and generosity at the edges of American life , revealing the limits and depths of people 's duty to each other in our modern times , '' the film maker could have used some other calamity , other than the loss of the dog , to illustrate the theme which would have made Wendy and her plight more sympathetic .
 I suppose this is probably a good film but it is very dark , visually and matephorically , and not entertaining at all . I would have had more fun watching animals getting euthanized probably - do not get this for entertainment value .
 A kind of draggy but sympathetic story of a young attractive woman and her dog as they meet hard times and encounter very disheartening down-on-your luck experiences . Since this film is very slow moving , one must rely on the fast forward button to get through time consuming scenes of inactivity .
 YAWN ! This makes Gummo look like an academy award movie . I 've never cared less about a character . I saw it for free and still wanted my money back . Do n't even bother .
 As Barney shows go this is n't a bad one but it gets a low rating because this is an old show being sold with a new name . If you want to save some money just buy a used copy of `` Barneys Beach Party '' which is the exact same show .
 This DVD is infuriating . Ca n't the menu come up right after the disc loads ? I often let my child watch a video while I 'm doing chores elsewhere in the house . That means I need to put the thing in the player and walk away - - not stand there waiting for Barney to talk for five minutes before the darn menu pops up . My DVD player does n't allow me to fast forward it , either . Some other Barney videos similarly hold the parent hostage . Why is this necessary ?
 As the title suggests
 It is cute , but it 's nothing exciteing . I like the fact that they have his parents purr like cats . -LRB- Carnivores rock ! -RRB-
 Although this was the DVD that we were looking for , it is not possible to play it because it comes up as ` wrong region ' . It would have been helpful if I had been made aware which region it was
 What is the pure trash ? I was just starting to get back into LBT but when my cousins brought me this corny DVD , I just watched with my mouth hung open . Curse you Charles Grossverner or whatever your retarted name is !!!!
 An innocent man is executed for the murder he did not commit . The crucial evidence for his innocence arrives five minutes after he is put to death . And everybody suffers
 Watched this mostly bad movie last night . Kevin Spacey is interesting playing a drunk , but he does n't play effectively seductive , particularly villainous or necessarily vague ever . He 's shown more depth and more believability in other roles . The always-bankable Laura Linney was decent in it , but , on the whole , the film absolutely blew . Kate Winslet was completely annoying , doing wildly implausible and ridiculous things.I 'd figured out their big , special twist five minutes into the first flashback . Since the film is so clearly anti-death penalty , it does n't even bother to notice that the State of Texas and the Death Penalty itself are not villains at the end because of the odd twist.Before the key flashbacks , as well , there were quick cuts to words on paper , in chalkboards . Then , the camera would spin . That was the most annoying bit of editing I 'd ever seen.RAPE , REPUTATION , ACCUSATION , MURDER - the signs would flash.In my seat , I wanted a notebook to hold up to the screen . BORED , SILLY , PREDICTABLE , TEDIOUS , IRRITATING , PREACHY.There have been good , interesting movies made about the death penalty . Rent THE WIDOW OF ST. PIERRE or DEAD MAN WALKING . Do n't bother with this .
 Death penalty opponent David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- , himself imprisoned on Death Row for the murder of a fellow activist -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , tells his story to a newspaper reporter -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- supposedly so that she can clear his name . This well-made film with its excellent cast starts out well but soon becomes implausible and silly . It may appear to be anti-death penalty propaganda , but the illogical surprise resolution of the story reveals it to be completely ambivalent . While masquerading as a serious film , it is actually an overwritten mystery with a dunderhead plot that portrays those on both sides of the issues as fools or worse -- gun-toting good ol' boys on one side and dishonest crazies on the other . If it does n't offend you regarding your position on the death penalty , it should offend you as a lover of good movies .
 There is a serious , thoughtful film that revolves around the death penalty issue ... but it 's not this one . It 's called DEAD MAN WALKING . And even though it stars liberal actors Susan Sarandon and Sean Penn under the direction of uber-liberal Tim Robbins , that film considers all sides to the issue and does n't come up with any easy answers . Definitely check that one out.But THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE , despite some powerhouse actors , is a train wreck of a movie.The plot itself does n't just concede that the anti-death penalty activists can not win the debate on their own arguments , it would also have a tough time winning its argument using every lie and manipulation in their bag of tricks ... kind of like the Democratic Party right now.With each revelation , usually always in the form of a videocassette hanging in a motel room , you get the idea that the activists would do anything -- in fact , the very crime that would call for a death penalty -- to get their point across and to impose their beliefs on everyone . I believe that 's called fanaticism . Ultimately , there are no innocent victims in this story and in some weird way , you end up disliking them for their fraudulent behavior at manipulating a serious issue.Is something worth winning if you have to lie to everyone to get it?This could 've been a completely different movie if that had been considered . And that movie would 've had characters you cared about.But not this one . -LRB- Still love Laura Linney though . -RRB-
 I did n't see this movie when it came out , largely because I knew it was a strident anti-death penalty movie -LRB- with this being said
 I was told to watch this movie by people claiming it was , `` The best ever '' , `` keeps you on the edge of your seat '' , `` The ending was amazing '' . I disagreed with all three of those people , especially that last one!What starts off as being a highly interesting and thought provoking suspenseful drama , soon turns into predictable and preachy dreck . The `` surprise '' ending can be figured out by anyone with a couple of brain cells 45 minutes into the movie.The actors were great , but really , if you want a GOOD Alan Parker movie , skip this and rent `` Angel Heart '' .
 The Life of David Gale revolves around hot-to-trot reporter Bitzy Bloom -LRB- why the screenwritter chose that name out of every other name in the world I will never know . -RRB- Bitzy -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- is to interview former college professer and well known death row abolitionist David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- . Ironically enough he is on death row for the rape and murder of one of his colleges/friends played by Laura Linney.Now , Bisty has three days to figure out if Davids story of being framed is true , and who the real culprit is.SOUNDS ORIGINAL AND INTRUIGING EH ? NOT REALLY.This was a big suprise especially from director Alan Parker who has brought us classics like Angel Heart and Midnight Express.Where the movie failed is where 2/3 of thrillers these days do , comming up with an original plotline without the overuse of cliches and wannabe twists . This movie is full of both.While Kevin Spacey underplays the role and delivers a rock solid performance , Titanic chick Kate Winselt overacts to the point of no return . This makes the film even more unbeliveable.Laura Linney delivers a belivable and moving performance as the over-zelick death row abolitionist who will stop at nothing to prove a cause . Unfortunatly neither Spacey or Linney 's performances can save a screenplay that uses the `` out of service '' cell phone cliche and is expected to be taken seriously.I understand what The Life of David Gale was trying to deliver in terms of its message on death row and capital punishment , but it did not need to be delivered to us in a package marked cliche .
 Another liberal tear-jerking flick . The `` surprise '' ending is supposed to make us feel bad and finally see the light about how evil the dp is . Instead my wife and I got the feeling that maybe justice was served after all . Typically all the pro-dp characters in the movie are one-dimensional cartoons . They 're all idiot bible-thumpers , including the governor who is of course a direct ripoff of George Bush . The plot is unbelievable , and when the final plot `` twist '' is revealed , I not only was glad for what happened in the movie to Spacey , I wanted to see the same justice done to the people who made this turkey . Another two plus hours of my life that I ca n't get back .
 The DVD is a good transfer with decent sound . The `` extras '' are worth watching.That said , I generally agree with most of the other comments posted here . The story-line does n't work . There is a plot `` device '' right in the beginning
 As a film student I have read many theories on film by many different theorists . One of the common ideas that come up in several of the major theories is the idea that a film manipulates an audience to feel , emote and think what the film maker intends . Hitchock was the master of such a technique . In `` The Life of David Gale '' this idea is used in a way that humiliates the audience . It 's almost as if director Alan Parker is watching over your shoulder the entire film and is laughing at you in the end . This is a very gripping film . I found myself really wrapped up in the story , trying to figure out the puzzle and also eagerly awaiting the story to unfold and the answers to be revealed . However , this could n't be more of a let down . After all the excitement , the ending leaves me -LRB- and apparently many viewers , including Roger Ebert -RRB- disgusted and angry . The entire story was all rubbish . The ending makes no sense , because it is not explained in anyway . I usually do n't like it when a film ends with a little ribbon on top and there are no questions left unanswered but this one really needs one . It 's probably worth seeing , but beware !
 This would have been a boring propaganda film except for some frenzied camera work and many clues and events designed SOLELY to keep you from turning off the propaganda . In fact , the whole plot line with the `` journalist racing against time to find out the truth '' is nothing more than a red herring to keep you watching . Surprisingly , the putative `` real '' theme -LRB- propaganda against the death penalty -RRB- , is ALSO a red herring . Therefore , most people will feel cheated after being deceived by this movie.The real theme that permeates every minute of this movie is that there are two types of people in this world , and the death penalty is merely a litmus test to distinguish them . People who oppose the death penalty are intelligent , educated , and caring people who know how to have fun , and those who disagree -LRB- Republicans -RRB- are stupid mean racists . Examples of the people the movie targets are Texans , George Bush , people with southern accents , and even people who wear cowboy hats and drive pickup trucks . Therefore , many people will be insulted by this movie.If you want to see this film because it opposes the death penalty , you may still feel cheated and insulted because it contains nothing you will find new , thought provoking , or an example of how to be persuasive . However , the movie IS persuasive . It is masterful in its consistent but subtle demonization of Republicans , Southerners , etc. .
 I ca n't believe that there are so many good reviews of this movie on Amazon . This movie absolutely stunk . You knew exactly what was going on 20 minutes into it . I kept watching , hoping that there would be some twist that would save it ... but there was n't . Believe me folks , this movie is pretty darn close to being as bad as The Postman or The Patriot . I ordinarily do n't write reviews , but the reviewers so far must be related to the filmmakers or paid to say nice things or something . This movie is an insult to intelligent movie-goers . Fair warning .
 This film really is n't as clever as it would like to be . Most of the performances are disappointing and the dialogue has no subtlety which makes it almost insulting to its audience 's intelligence . Plus , the multiple plot twists at the end seem unoriginal now that the trend is so overused.This film could have had some real surprises and raised some real questions . It should have been much better .
 You all know the story by now . Jesus , just read the other reviews . I 'm not here to retell the story . The plot progressed rather nicely , and each plot peak -LRB- or twist -RRB- became larger throughout the film . True , I guessed the ending as well , so it was kind of anti-climactic . But eh ... what can ya do ? It still pleased me . There were rather disturbing moments that slap you in the face , but it was a good effect . I enjoyed the fact that I could recognize where some scenes were shot , since I 've been on UTAustin 's campus numerous times and it brought in some reality that I personally enjoyed -LRB- thus the slight bias -RRB- . The acting was well done -LRB- I did n't expect anything less from Spacey -RRB- , but I found Winslet 's character to be slightly stale and rather morbid . She seemed to wear only black , never smiled through the whole movie -LRB- smirks do n't count -RRB- , and her emotions ranged between being scared or sobbing to sarcastic bitterness . I forgot journalists never use the rest of the emotion scheme -LRB- note the sarcasm -RRB- . Everyone else was decently believable but did n't leave a grand impression pertaining to character depth . Including Laura Linney , which had me rather disappointed.In any case , the story is what drives this film , and thus far , I 'd have no problem with giving this film 4 stars . But sadly enough , it 's bumped down to 2 stars thanks to Alan Parker the director . The disturbing `` flashback '' transitions between past and present not only made me chuckle , but they reminded me of a mix between the campy 1966 Batman movies with Fincher 's Seven . The transitions were completely unnecessary and actually rather annoying with the twirling scenes juxtaposed with written words . As for a suspense/thriller , the scenes were filmed in a traditional style with bland angles that actually took away from the story . Loosen up , Alan!As for mistakes , editing or otherwise , I did n't see too many . I recall one , when the cowboy guy was being his usual stalker self , listening to opera music in his truck . As he started the car , radios or CD players usually reset themselves due to the surge of electricity from the engine starting , but when he started his old clunker , the music kept on playing . Minor mistake , but there we go . A good plot , but tainted with flat characters & even flatter directing .
 This movie looked bad from the theatrical previews , but I saw it anyway because a friend of mine wanted to check it out . Unfortunately , I was not pleasantly surprised.The main problem with The Life of David Gale is that the `` surprise '' ending was painfully obvious after about 45 minutes , so much so that I whispered to my friend that , since I knew what was going to happen anyway , I was tempted to leave and she could tell me later that I was right . I eneded up staying , and much to my chagrin , not only was I right , but they tried to split the surprise ending into two separate twists rather than consolidating them and saving me some time.The purpose of a suspense film is to be suspenseful . That 's why most suspense films do n't lend themselves to repeat viewings unless they 're exceptionally well made . However , if a suspense film fails to deliver a surprise when you watch it the first time , then it can only be described as a collosal failure.On an unrelated and admittedly minor note
 So many reviews already . Let 's keep this short . Has anyone mentioned the absurdity of making a ! Texas ! ! Death ! ! Penalty ! ! Movie ! AND COMPLETELY LEAVE OUT RACE ?!? Yikes . Yes , the red herrings are annoying , but this is even worse for being Mississippi Burning all over again.Why do writers and directors think that they can preach the hard-line about a serious topic ... while making a 2nd rate thriller of the month ? For that matter , why do otherwise smart actors think that they can act there way out of a hot-house mess of a script ? Spacey , Winslet and Linney are always fun to watch , but what a waste of talent .
 ... Despite its pretensions , The Life Of David Gale is little more than a R rated version of the sort of schlock that frequently appears on the Lifetime network . Instead of Aidan Quinn , Mary Stewart Masterson and Holly Hunter we get `` bigger '' names in the form of Spacey , Kate Winslet and Laura Linney.Unfortunately Winslet -LRB- whose had difficulty finding anything worthwhile to appear in since Titanic -RRB- spends much of the films duration struggling with an unflattering American accent . Spacey does that `` unhinged '' thing he 's now spent a decade doing and Linney appears to be doing an impersonation of Holly Hunter.Not a terrible film , just a film that appears to be a little too taken with how important it thinks it is.Oh , and the ending -LRB- like Pay It Forward -RRB- has to be seen to be believed .
 I was an extra in this film . I live in Huntsville , Texas , and I played an anti death penalty protester . Now , I 'm a liberal in real life and also against the death penalty -LRB- probably the only person IN Huntsville who is , it seems sometimes -RRB- , and even though the message of the film seems very anti death penalty itself , the film 's moralistic , preachy message made me uncomfortable . If I wanted a sermon , I 'd go to church . This is typical , liberal Hollywood propaganda . If I want to see a film addressing a controversial issue , I prefer for the film to use valid points from BOTH sides of said issue , in order to gain more understanding of what is being presented . This movie not only preached , it was mind-numbingly BORING , and the `` twist '' was easy to figure out way , way before it was revealed . It 's the kind of manipulative Hollywood tearjerker that tries to make the audience sob and howl at the `` poor plight '' of this wrongly accused man , and it 's shallow , pointless , EXCEEDINGLY cliche -LRB- ripe with horrible dialogue -RRB- , and did I forget to mention BORING ? I had fun as an extra , and I was looking forward to seeing it , but ultimately I am disappointed . Not to mention , Kate Winslet was a complete and absolute spoiled primadonna , VERY hard to work with , and totally self-centered . But that 's another story .
 This movie was perhaps the biggest disappointment of last year . It could have been the riveting , shocking drama that was promised . Instead , it quickly beomes hokey , second-rate , easily predicatble tripe that is so obsessed with its own attempts at being clever that a decent script was forgotten somewhere.It wants desperately to be smart and shocking , but it is anything but . Anyone paying any bit of attention can guess the ending within the first half an hour . -LRB- Every one of the five people I watched it with did . -RRB- The only areas where this movie succeeds is in making all death penalty abolitionists look like a bunch of nutbags , and all women look like either devious and conniving jezebels or helpless and clueless morons who need a man to guide them every step of the way . Anyone against the death penalty or with feminist leanings will be offended , as will anyone who knows a good movie when they see it .
 Why either of these actors -LRB- Spacey and Winslett -RRB- got involved in this silly and insincere film is beyond me . Sure , if you put aside the subject matter , it could be deemed an entertaining , over the top , predictable , plodding , badly scripted thriller . However , to disregard the seriousness and worthiness of the subject matter here in such a crass way made me retch.Yes , there 's a twist at the end -LRB- as is the norm nowadays for films striving to be ` clever ' -RRB- but you will have sussed it out well before it happens .
 This film disappoints me . You take Kate Winslet -LRB- MY FAVORITE WORKING ACTRESS , PERIOD -RRB- , the phenomenal Kevin Spacey , the brilliant Laura Linney and the sultry Rhona Mitra , team them up with 2-Time Oscar nominated director Alan Parker and hand them the controversial subject of the death penalty and yet , when all is said and done , there is just something so off here.How does something like this happen?I admit , when I first saw this movie I really liked it , and I think that a lot of it had to do with the preconceived notions I would n't allow myself to see past . I wanted this to be all sorts of brilliant , and when it fell short I convinced myself that I was n't seeing what I was in fact seeing.I have to face the truth.The film follows a reporter , Bitsey Bloom -LRB- the name is the first of many missteps -RRB- , as she attempts to prove the innocence of former teacher David Gale who is accused of brutally murdering his friend Constance Harraway . He maintains his innocence despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary . His story sends Bitsey on a journey into the darkness that surrounded Constance 's death.A journey that is rather pointless.The film cuts back and forth between the present and past to develop the character 's and establish David 's innocence and keep the viewer on constant edge as they race against the clock with Bitsey to uncover the truth . There are the obvious creeps -LRB- Matt Craven is a ridiculously overworked clich&eacute; here -RRB- who have to be involved somehow , but the most ambiguous character is David himself , who just seems to be a lost soul . My issue here is that , when all is said and done and the twist upon a twist is finally revealed , it becomes apparent that the journey David sends Bitsey on is POINTLESS.It was all something that could have been revealed in a much easier way.The acting is a little all over the place , which is said when you consider the cast . To be honest , despite the absurdity of the film itself , Spacey is actually very , very good . He really captures the destitution of this man , which is given multiple layers when the end is revealed and you see that his depressive nature is not really a result of his ` impending death ' but more or less because of his conscience weighing heavy on his shoulders . The script did n't deserve his dedication to the role . Laura Linney is effective , but her character comes off less human and more clich&eacute; . Like I said , Winslet = the greatest actress working today , BUT , her performance here is weak . She just does n't do anything . I disagree with some friends who say she is Razzie worthy here -LRB- that is just plain dumb -RRB- , but she does n't deserve any accolades for this one . It 's is a barely there , somewhat uneven -LRB- thanks to the thankless script -RRB- and desperate performance.In the end it is the horribly constructed script that does this film in . It has an important message -LRB- the controversy surrounding the death penalty being legal murder is a strong one -RRB- but it is a message that has been perfectly developed in much better films -LRB- ` Dead Man Walking ' is one of the best films EVER MADE -RRB- . This is a pointless , messy and aggravating film that had all the elements to be perfection but wound up being a BIG mistake .
 Some idiot sets himself up so that he has to get executed in order to convince society that it 's wrong to execute him . This would make a pretty good Three Stooges plot ; Larry and Curley set up Moe so he has to slap them so he can see how unjust it is to slap them.The statistical fact is that capital punishment is 100 % successful as a deterrent to murder ; every murderer who 's ever received capital punishment has never murdered again .
 In the 1800s , this story would have clearly been called `` a humbug '' , which today means a fraud . This movie is one long fraud , and a really preachy one at that . A complete waste of my time . The makers of this movie probably do n't realize that they just come across as preachy , liberal Hollywood types telling everybody else to become enlightened.As with other reviewers , I agree that if you want to see a thoughtful film that examines the death penalty , buy `` Dead Man Walking '' with Sean Penn and Susan Sarandon - now that 's a film worth watching .
 The film is directed by Alan Parker -LRB- British -RRB- , who picked up this script written by Charles Randolph , formerly professor of philosophy teaching in Vienna . And titular ` David Gale ' is a man waiting for execution in Death Row in , you know , the State of Texas , which sooner or later reminds us of one US President.Yes , using the form of thriller , the film is trying to be provocative , and that is about death penalty . David Gale , played by Kevin Spacey , is sentenced to death , and now waiting for the time . He is arrested for raping and murdering Constance -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , but the great irony is that he was once known as first-rate professor of philosophy in the academic world , and more importantly , as activist for abolishing capital punishment.Just three days before the execution , David Gale appoints one journalist Elizabeth Bloom -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- , and asks to come to meet him , and write a memoir of his life . David recounts his story , and during the short period the journalist begins to suspect that he is wrongly accused for the murder.The setting is not new ; a man -LRB- or woman -RRB- in Death Row , and someone outside the wall has to prove his/her innocence . But the originality -LRB- if I may call that way -RRB- lies in the last chapter of the film , which of course I can not reveal . All I can say is that , there is a big surprise -LRB- but not exactly a difficult one to guess -RRB- -- and the surprise is not a clever one as the film believes it to be . And moreover , it has a strong social message about the ethics surrounding capital punishment , but this argument looks , to me , a real suspect . In short , it 's off-putting , even pompous.And again I say , the message is about death penality , which needs more careful treatment . ` Dead Man Walking ' was tilted to one side , to be sure , but it showed the other side 's view , if not quite adequately . I do not endorse any opinion here , and do not want to . But ` The Life of David Gale ' handles this very hot social issue so carelessly that I could not help thinking that this film is actually damaging the cause it attempts to support.As a thriller , it is not bad ; but the incredible ending , and too showy acting -LRB- from you know who -RRB- just do not help , and if they really think that they -LRB- including co-producer Nicholas Cage -RRB- can raise a hot debate about this important issue , they are utterly mistaken .
 This movie was disturbing for all the wrong reasons . First , the acting ranged from superb -LRB- Spacey -RRB- to very good -LRB- Linney -RRB- to chew the scenery big-time -LRB- Kate -RRB- . The direction was great , and so was the screenplay . The movie , however , was n't enjoyable at all . It was simply cheap exploitation . Worth watching -LRB- rent it -RRB- , but only with a hand firmly on the FF button
 I would like to start off by saying that if you have yet to see this movie you may not want to read my review . In order to discuss a movie , in which the biggest flaw is the plot , requires that I discuss the plot.The biggest problem with this film is that it tries way to hard to impress and ultimately falls completely flat . The movie 's attempts to convince us that Kevin Spacey is completely innocent are ruined as soon as you wonder why the hell it took him so long to get someone to help clear his name . Spacey claims that he just wants his son to know that he was innocent , but is willing to die . A logical person would realize that it might be better to actually be released for you crime and then go see your son , but Winslett 's character lacks any and all logic so she buys the story . Perhaps I 'm too cynical but if the Usual Suspects has taught me anything , it 's that Kevin Spacey is EVIL.My next big complaint is the fact that Winslett 's attempt to save Spacey is thwarted by her car over-heating . Her car had over-heated earlier in the film and the cruel hand of fate saw to it that it over-heat at the exact moment she was trying to save a life ; what irony ! Worse yet is how melodramatic this scene is ; I actually broke out laughing at this part of the film.The last swerve in the film is so incredibly inane that it 's almost impossible to find the right wording to insult , but I 'll try . So , Spacey 's dead and Winslett feels bad because she was n't able to save him . A package arrives for her containing another videotape , which reveals that Spacey was all a part of the suicide to make a political statement about the death penalty . Let me get this straight ; Spacey is fine with everyone knowing that he died to make a point so long as they do n't know that he was in on it ? So he then sends a tape to a reporter proving that he was ? Huh ? Well , maybe that 's not the case ; maybe he sent it just for her benefit . But then that raises this important question
 and certainly one of the most offensive . The very definition of ill-conceived , the Life of David Gale puts across a miserable view of humanity , managing to paint those on both sides of the death penalty issue as either redneck ingrates or morally bankrupt zealots . It 's impossible for me to comprehend how Kevin Spacey , Kate Winslet and the other actors involved could have waded through this peurile script and deemed it worthy of their talents . Alan Parker horribly overdirects this obnoxious mess , practically every scene has some glaring detail that annoys . Characters butter rolls endlessly or stab at the air with oversize cigars , every once and awhile a quick montage of `` significant '' words will flash by onscreen . It 's amazing that this is the same man who directed the fabulous neo-noir Angel Heart and several other worthy films . The Life of David Gale is an abomination , a shameful cinematic stinkpile that hangs a tacky thriller on the hook of an incredibly complex , quintessentially human issue . The last shot will make you want to throw your beverage of choice at the screen . Finally , something both sides of the death penalty debate can agree on .
 I have never seen such a waste of talent before in a film before . We see Kevin Spacey playing the same role he 's played a million times , then we have sell out Kate Winslet with a bad American accent and the same facial expression throughout the entire film . The only good thing about this movie is Laura Linney 's performance . Avoid this Hollywood tripe at all costs !
 In the tradition of such rip-offs of Dead Man Walking , like the Sharon Stone downer Last Dance or the Clint Eastwood race against the clock True Crime , Hollywood yet again rehashes the man on death row plot formula . This time washed up , just-looking-for-a-paycheck director Alan Parker-who once made decent films like Midnight Express and Angel Heart , and one great creative experience known as Pink Floyd The Wall-takes two time Oscar winner turned Hollywood sell-out-or is he just being used and thrown out by the big city-Kevin Spacey and makes about the most bland uninteresting clich&eacute; filled ruckus of a film against the death penalty , The Life of David Gale.David Gale -LRB- Spacey -RRB- is the head of Death Watch , an advocacy group against capital punishment . He 's also a college professor who we learn has some dark tendencies , like sleeping with one of his students in a drunken stupor . After being accused of raping this damsel in distress , David basically loses his life-his wife leaves him , he loses his job at the college and as head of Death Watch , and he becomes even more of an alcoholic than he was before.The problem with The Life of David Gale is that his life is not all that interesting . The film is obviously trying to make him human with his sexual desires and failures . But really it just makes him seem pathetic . There 's this laughable scene where Spacey is stumbling through the streets , trying to act drunk , and I just could n't keep a straight face . What happened to the Kevin Spacey that gave such a darkly humorous performance in American Beauty , to the Spacey of the cripple Verbal Kent or the detective of the stars in L. A. Confidential?What we needed here was to see David in his heyday , fighting against capital punishment , displaying his passion and his reasoning , and his fall from this . The filmmakers try to achieve all this in one scene where he faces off with the Governor of Texas on TV , clearly a jab at President Bush -LRB- and rightly so -RRB- , where he wins the battle with his wits , but loses the war because of his elitist need of being all high and mighty instead of trying to win the debate.Bitsey Bloom , Kate Winslet 's overly melodramatic reporter , is just as shallow a character as David . Are we supposed to sympathize with her just because she cries numerous times ? If this role is n't a staged ploy for an Oscar for Winslet , I do n't know what is . To top it off , Laura Linney 's disease ridden victim when David goes forth with his pity lay just brings to mind a certain image with a certain quote , `` Chloe looked how Meryl Streep 's skeleton would look if you made it smile and walk around the party being extra nice to everyone . '' -LRB- Ed Norton as narrator in Fight Club -RRB- . If you watch the film in question that indemnifies 90 's pop culture , you 'll know what I mean.The biggest problem with The Life of David Gale is its obvious attempt to focus solely on the theme of being against capital punishment . The reason Dead Man Walking worked so well is because we got to know the two main characters so well , there was humanity in Penn 's murderer , and this is what screamed that the state 's function is not to kill people . Here , these are just caricatures and we do n't really care for them.Aside from Dead Man Walking , another good example of a film against the death penalty that does n't force its cause on you is Von Trier 's Dancer in the Dark . It 's about many things , from fantasy to sacrifice , and has a message , but in the end it does n't force it on you , it makes you think , it raises questions.With The Life of David Gale , Kevin Spacey follows a dud with a dud-following up last year 's K-Pax that was Hollywood alien clich&eacute; nonsense . After taking home the Best Actor Academy Award for American Beauty , Spacey 's either sold out to Hollywood , or he 's being used . All I can say is
 Professor Dr. David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- is a fictional character . A Harvard grad , philosophical genius and teacher at the fictional Austin University in Texas -LRB- filmed at the U. of Texas , Austin -RRB- , Gale is for some reason named after the late , eminent Professor Dr. David Gale of Berkeley , one of our time 's finest mathematicians.In this story , Gale , a loudmouthed anti-death-penalty liberal idiot , has his life destroyed by a false rape charge -LRB- he 's later exonerated -RRB- . After this , he is charged with the murder of his friend and semi-companion -LRB- played by Laura Linney -RRB- . On death row , he requests a certain news reporter to come and interview him -- his first-ever interview . In it , he tells her mostly the truth , though he emphasizes certain impossible-to-make innuendo . Well , it is Follywood , people.What results is , sadly , a descent into madness and stupidity -LRB- directors/storywriters are good at that -RRB- . The reporter , handily performed by Kate Winslet , finds that David Gale was not all he pretended to be . In fact , no one in this film except the reporters is what they seem.Roger Ebert , having a luxury I have not , gave this film zero stars . His comment was that he had the desire to throw something at the screen , preferably Kevin Spacey . I can not take such a harsh view of it ; after all , it makes some kind of twisted point that is lost in padding -LRB- this thing is a good 2 hours and 15 minutes -RRB- . It did n't sell me one way or t ` other on the idea of having a death penalty . It did mention a moratorium that took place here where I live.I guess I 'd say at the time , this was a bit of tailwind Spacey picked up after the excellent MIDNIGHT IN THE GARDEN OF GOOD AND EVIL . Laura Linney had been stuffed into bit parts for a long time , and so she had her moments here too . Later she would go on to dazzle us as Abigail Adams in HBO 's JOHN ADAMS.The ever-beautiful Gabriel Mann played his role as the news intern very well , and I weep at the fact that Mann does n't get to do lots of film . He 's just gorgeous.Will this move you to march on your state capitol ? I think not . It may change your liberal ideals if you have any
 I really wanted to like this movie . I like everybody in it . But in the end -LRB- without blowing the story -RRB- , it was a farcical tale about a bunch of fanatics who are so obsessed with their singular ideal that when we learn the truth about what is going on , they become so completely unsympathetic to the point of being moronic.If the filmmakers were trying to make a film showing the pointlessness of being such an individual , then I would have to say , `` Job well done . ''
 SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW.I saw this one in the movie theaters . I left the theater angry and frustrated . Not because of the U.S. death penalty . But because of this movie ! David Gale , who loves to give the middle finger to `` the system '' , pulls the ultimate flip-off in this film . The screenplay tries very hard to justify it , but I could not stomach the actions he takes . In order to prove his point , Gale participates in a fake suicide -- morally reprehensible ! The writer tries to justify this -LRB- she was dying of cancer anyway , who cares if she decides to kill herself/sacrifice herself for a `` just '' cause ?? -RRB- but it does n't float in my book.The actions that our `` hero '' takes in this film undermine the argument against the death penalty ! It makes `` liberals '' appear desperate and a little nuts . I wanted DAVID GALE to present an honest , good argument against the death penalty . Instead , a mediocre `` who done it '' story is `` hung '' on the death penalty scenario . The writer throws in some poorly placed arguments -LRB- usually as background dialogue ; usually statistics -RRB- against the death penalty , but fails to win anyone over -- especially with the ENDING !! So , I have BIG PROBLEMS with this movie . Heroes do n't `` win '' by pulling tricks like David Gale does . Heroes win because they are right , stick to their guns -- and are supported by THE TRUTH.I 'd skip this film . The ending will outrage you -- it did me .
 `` The Life of David Gale '' fashions a staged rape as a warm-up and an the reenactment of a brutal crime as an encore . The center ring is a real treat -- the crime itself , a woman handcuffed and stripped naked , left to suffocate with a plastic bag taped around her throat.What a cruel , despicable movie . It pretends to be about anti-death penalty activists and the lengths to which they will go to prove their point that the death penalty is wrong , but it is not a point that should be made by the activists , nor the movie . The death penalty is too important an issue to be tied up in such a crude , mean-spirited thriller.Kevin Spacey barely registers as David Gale , a former University of Texas professor and leader of Deathwatch , who is now slated to get the death penalty for the murder of Deathwatch colleague Constance Holloway -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- . Gale , a brilliant , often drunk hothead , got put on the world 's disavowed list after being falsely accused of rape by a expelled grad student . The fake rape itself is a real treat , shown in all its brutal glory . Gale 's wife , a philanderer herself , nonetheless takes the opportunity to stick it to him , taking Gale 's son to Spain -- Gale will never see him again -- and e-mailing him to ask for a divorce . `` P.S. '' the note says , `` I 'm selling the house . `` About that point I 'm thinking , oh boy . But then Gale , who was a tenured professor and must have saved up some money along the way , moves into a tenement apartment building , complete with a pool filled with mud , where he spends his days calling Spain again and again and again . Uh-huh . How Constance dies , and why , you can discover , if you wish . There is little doubt as Gale 's fate on the row , nor his role in Constance 's death , if you 're paying much attention . What 's so offensive is that the movie makes all of this seem honorable , which it is most certainly not , and does so by playing up the miseries of Gale 's life beyond any reasonable standard , and squeezing a little harder for effect.Spacey plays Gale like a fool . No subtlety here ; it 's like he means to act as he 's being informed by the tag team K-Pax and Verbal on how to do it . Once the whole truth is `` revealed , '' you understand the performance , but you do n't admire it . The reverse is true for Laura Linney , who bravely plays a sad , sweet , caring , forgiving school marm who makes a decision we can not possibly comprehend . Was she crazy ? Influenced ? We do n't know . The movie , because it is not about her choice but about throwing smoke into the moviegoers eyes , will not discuss it.I have not mentioned Kate Winslet . She plays the reporter to whom Gale tells his story ; she is essentially used in a sickening , cruel way . I am not sure what she is doing in this movie , a slave to the idiocy of her role , going to and fro like a plot puppet.I love Kate Winslet.She is a master at divining the center of a role -- much like Meryl Streep -- and seeing that core through ; she creates three dimensions where there have only been one to begin with . She can play lead , she can support , she can sidekick ; there are few actors better at filling in the blanks.But she is powerless here . Absolutely powerless . In terms of intelligence and ferocity , she is Spacey 's equal , and yet she is under a virtual spell in his presence . Why?My guess is Winslet followed the lead of the director , Alan Parker , and Spacey , for she thought she was in league with kings . And , at times , both Parker and Spacey have done great work . But both are given to shameless grandstanding and intellectual subversion , and it serves them both very poorly here.I 'm sure they 're proud of the statement they have made , and the brutality with which they made it , but `` The Life of David Gale '' could n't have been any worse if George W. Bush himself sat onscreen and preached for two hours .
 `` The Life of David Gale '' is an equal opportunity offender in that it makes both those who support and those who oppose the death penalty look equally venal , conniving and foolish . I do n't think that was the INTENTION of writer Charles Randolph and director Alan Parker - since the theme of the film is based on the premise that an innocent man can indeed be falsely executed - but that is the unfortunate impression we are left with once the bizarre plot twists and convolutions have played themselves out.It is four days before David Gale -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- , an ex-college professor convicted of raping and killing a female colleague -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , is scheduled for execution . The twist is that Gale used to be one of the most vocal opponents against capital punishment in all of Texas , and now he is on Death Row . Catch the irony ? Gale has decided to open up to a single reporter , `` Bitsey '' Bloom -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- , in an attempt to have her go out and prove his innocence , if not for his own sake , at least for the sake of his young son . The film becomes a typical race-against-time melodrama with Bitsey and her cohort , intern reporter Zack -LRB- Gabriel Mann -RRB- , piecing together the clues as to what actually happened on that fateful day years earlier , in an effort to stave off the inevitable while the clock ticks down and the wheels of Texas justice grind inexorably on . `` The Life of David Gale '' is a reasonably entertaining thriller provided you do n't apply too much common sense or logic to the matters at hand . In fact , the film 's admittedly absurd plot contrivances do manage to keep us guessing most of the way through . Spacey , Winslet and Linney give it their all , even if that means occasionally going over the top to match the overheated nature of the material they have to work with . My biggest complaint with the film is that the overly clever denouement , though it serves its purpose as an acceptable `` shocker , '' really undercuts the entire film we have just sat through since it turns Gale into a complete and utter liar in terms of everything he has said up to that point . What purpose is served by having him pour out this tale of innocence to Bitsey if he knows she is going to find out the truth later on anyway ? It 's really a case of a convicted man inflicting cruel and unusual punishment on an innocent party who just wants to help him . -LRB- Protecting the son 's memory of him seems a tenuous reason at best -RRB- . Besides , the duplicity underlying the abolitionists ' actions would more likely turn the general public AGAINST their cause than win it many new converts . Even though the filmmakers ' sympathies obviously lie with those upholding the anti-capital punishment position , the `` sincere '' protestors depicted in the film do n't always seem like the sharpest tools in the shed . `` The Life of David Gale '' has its moments as social drama fantasy , but for a real , serious study of the death penalty issue , check out the great `` Dead Man Walking '' instead .
 I like complex films but this was too much , too implausible , too ridiculous to be beleived . Worst of all this film was , at times , just plain sickening to watch . It took an especially twisted Hollyweird mind to come up with this garbage . Hey , no surprise .
 This movie was far too contrived and unoriginal to make it even a midly interesting viewing . Kevin Spacey was not in his top form in this movie , and combined with the horrible plotting and pacing the movie is a near-catastrophe . Unless you are a hardcore Spacey or Winslet fan , I would avoid viewing this film .
 I do n't understand pure liberal thinking and I probably never will . I also do n't understand why and how academics get away with sounding so silly sometimes . But most importantly I do n't understand why a film like THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE could get made . A film so patronizing it was designed to do one thing . What is that do you ask
 I still ca n't see what `` the point '' was that the movie supposedly makes in `` a compelling and interesting way '' . Was its point supposed to be that innocent people can be and sometimes are put to death under US law ? If so , then its point is silly , because most of us already acknowledge this fact -LRB- however we stand on the issue of the death penalty -RRB- . There is nothing profound or enlightening , or even interesting , about the point at all , if that is what it is supposed to be.Or is the movie 's point supposed to be that extremists sometimes go to great lengths to prove things that everyone already acknowledges ? Maybe that 's true . But the Life of David Gale not only has a `` slim '' possibility of transpiring in `` real life '' , but actually is impossible to take seriously WITHIN THE CONFINES OF THE STORY ITSELF , because David Gale is supposed to be not just an extremist but also a very intelligent person . Why would SUCH A PERSON go to * any * lengths to prove something already so obvious as the fact that innocents can and are sometimes put to death under US law ?
 This Hostel is just plain bad . Does not have to Eli Roth touch , and Mr. Kelly said it very clearly without elaborating . He really got to the point . This movie is simply a waste of time without any good qualities . Not suspenseful and a mish mash of a story does not add up . Finally the end to the franchise . At least it should be .
 Part 1 was about in sync with the Saw movies , then part 2 came out & that movie really was n't that great . Now with part 3 , this one is much worse than the Saw movies , and too disturbing for me . I 'm not really sure about all the violence & gore , yet this movie might be suitable for some people , it was not a hit with me . Beware if you have a sensitive stomach !
 I saw this movie based on the fact that Skyler Stone is in it . Period . I liked Skyler in Comedy Central 's `` CON '' and in movies `` Waiting '' , `` For your Consideration '' , and `` House Broken '' . I did n't see Hostel or Hostel 2 . These are not my kind of movies . In fact , if Skyler was n't in it , I would n't have seen THIS one . However , after the first five minutes , I found myself watching the performances intently to see if Skyler did a good job against the other actors in his scenes . I must say , he deserves to be in much better films . His acting in this film compared to the other actors is great . He is funny when he needs to be and yet his performance turns into complete terror when the moment called for it . His performance is the only thing worth seeing in this film . The film lost a lot when `` Mike '' died . Unfortunately for the Hostel series , I do n't think he will be back . LOL ! That 's too bad because movies in general need better actors like Skyler in them . I wo n't see any more Hostel films , but I will be watching Skyler 's next film .
 I have not seen this movie , and I do not intend to see it . Sorry , but people should know that Sony 's Direct To DVD movies are all crap . I ca n't think of one that was worthwhile . Heck , even the ones that are mainstream are pretty much poo on the bottom of my show . Sony sucks and the Hostel series is nothing without Eli Roth or even Quentin Tarantino , sorry , but Hostel has gone from Graphic Torture Porn to the likes of an episode of The Walking Dead , lame and watered down .
 Hostel 3 had a good idea-have the club from the first few films bet on people 's lives . It was only shown three times while the rest of movie just dragged on with boring characters who drank , gambled , & try to get laid . I would n't even recommend this film to fans of the first two movies or horror in general . This movie just sucks , plain and simple .
 Worst one by far . Does n't even begin to match up to the first two . Is the hidden meaning in this that Americans are tame ? Probably . Starts off with a twist in abduction then fails ... They do n't even kill anyone . The girl gets taken away and bleh , nothing . Nothing ever . Not even a glimpse of what might have happened . As for the rest of the killing , torturing and maiming ... it looked as though it was made for television . The whole thing just stinks . Netflix it and save your money .
 I loved Hostel and Hostel 2 , this does n't hold a candle to either , if it was n't called Hostel you would n't even know it was part of the same series . I do n't think any one involved with the first 2 was involved in the production of this drivel . The whole thing takes place in one room with an audience watching and paying for different kinds of tortures to be performed on the victims , there 's practically no story line or character development , it looks like it was shot with a digital camcorder , some of the gore is ok , but this does n't have any replay value for me , it 's a shame what happens to horror sequels when they hit unlucky # 3 almost every time .
 For all you big fans ofHostel -LRB- Unrated Widescreen Edition -RRB- andHostel
 Bum , Boobs and Breasts added with Blood , Brutality and Bitches is no replacement to a terrible script , horrible acting skills and an absolutely mindless story-line . I wish someone would have told director Scott Speigel -LRB- Evil Dead 2 & The Quick and the Dead -RRB- this truth . Overall , a absolutely brain dead time wasting release . Save yourself some pain - Give this movie to your enemy.Overall rating - 1 out 10 -LRB- out of charity -RRB-
 Honestly , I was n't expecting much from this movie ... direct to DVD , the biggest `` star '' in it was Kip Pardue , not even a production credit from Eli Roth ... but I had no idea it would be so aggressively stupid and just plain insulting to the intelligence of its audience . Hostel was popular not just due to its gore , but because it played on American fears of that dark and alien place that is eastern europe , as well as themes of xeno and homophobia . In short , it was torture porn that was smarter than it had any right to be and that is why it was such a success . Then along comes Hostel II with slightly less provocative gender themes , misogyny and one of the most disturbing and graphic death scenes to grace cinema theaters in a while . Now we have Hostel III , a movie that is so distant from its predecessors that , as I stated before , it 's just plain insulting to viewers.Hostel III follows the Elite Hunting Club 's continued booming business of torture and murder , this time taking us to the U.S. -LRB- mistake number one -RRB- Las Vegas -LRB- what happens there stays there , get it ? -RRB- to be precise , where club members not only get to indulge in acts of carnage , but also have the option of watching and even placing bets on the dismemberment . A group of guys , lead by hasbeen Kip Pardue -LRB- you know how I know he 's a hasbeen ? cause he 's staring in Hostel III ! -RRB- out celebrating their buddy 's impending wedding . While this premise sounds mildly promising , it is n't , not even a little bit . This movie fails for one main reason
 The original Hostel was IMHO a pretty good horror movie ... lots of gore and thrills . Usually sequal 's do n't measure up to the original in most cases . There have been a few that were as good or better then the original ... The Godfather part 2 IMHO was better then part one ... that is a rarity and not the norm.Hostel part 2 came close to being as good but IMHO missed the target , but only slightly . Hostel part 3 lets say missed the target completely and totaly backfired . I wo n't get into the details about every aspect of the movie . the producers were hoping to ride the wave of part 1 and 2 . the only similarity is the title of the movie ... In Parts 1 and 2 the movie unfold in a foreign country and seemed to be realistic , actually in true life this sort of thing does happen in the black market of kidnapping -LRB- we are talking about part 1 here -RRB- . . but to think this is happening in Las Vegas or trying to somewhat think this is realistic was an uphill battle that was a total failure.Who would be pleased with watching this movie ... Only true blue fans of anything that resembles gore ... there is no rhyme or reason to the plot .
 As others have mentioned , this movie is not only bad , but horrifically bad . If you like 1 and 2 , you will hate this . This version seemed like it was trying to cater to the Scream/teen masses . Perhaps because of all the wonderful vampire movies lingering out there ? They need people to watch . . It would seem this version jumped the shark so bad , it can hardly be called the same `` Hostel '' series . The beginning starts off slow with acting that would make an incoherent drunk cringe in boredom . There is endless build up , only to be let down at every turn . It 's as if 1 and 2 were covered SO WELL , that they were struggling to even come up with a plot this time around . Let 's face it , the mystery was gone in part 2 . Which one would expect.This one takes place in Vegas , a true tragedy from the beginning . The original point of this movie , is that it was hidden in Slovakia , away from prying eyes and many times , any sort of authority.If your looking for gore , look elsewhere . The effects were so bad and unrealistic -LRB- deaths -RRB- that I almost turned it off many times due to the cheesiness . The cockroaches ravenously entering the girl 's mouth to CHOKE her was just too ridiculous and unreal that I had to laugh . This could mostly be shown on TV unedited , most of the time the gore and blood was out of focus or not in frame . I 'm guessing because it looks so bad , the director did n't want any more embarrassment.When I saw this , I thought it was a `` SyFy original '' . . yes that bad.If I were a teen , and seeing Hostel for the first time , I could see this being barely watchable . Avoid at all costs !!
 I slightly enjoyed Hostel and Hostel
 In my opinion -LRB- and maybe a few others -RRB- this movie was dumb and waste of time . The biggest upset for me is I ca n't get my time back ... lol
 I was n't expecting something like the first 2 movies , since Eli Roth had nothing to do with it , and it was direct to dvd ... but , wow . . this just was n't even close.It actually has a good opening scene . Kind of giving you the tense feeling the other 2 did . A nice twist to start things out , so I was hopeful . But , way downhill after that . Characters and the actors who play them are awful.But , even good characters probably would n't change it.The beauty of the first 2 movies are lost here , when the locale is changed to Vegas . `` Hostel '' and `` Hostel II '' have our victims in a small country , where the police are in cahoots with the people behind Elite Hunting . I get the feeling that this can actually go on , and go on for a long time . I do n't think it is too much of a stretch to imagine that it would be hard to track down info on missing backpackers . But , I do find it hard to imagine that a it could go on in a city like Vegas . Cameras everywhere , lots of high rollers , and it is n't exactly like they were doing this in a super secret place . I mean . . the first 2 people disappear after a night of partying at this `` club '' . So , to keep the `` club '' secret ... they let 4 of the group go home ? If my friend goes missing in Vegas , and I ca n't get ahold of him . . I will probably be calling the police , and directing them to the last place I remember being at . Boom . . game over.Anyhoo . . I digress . The rest of the movie is filled with nonsense where they try to link gambling to the torture . And then a twist about 3/4 of the way through , that is poorly done . And another twist at the end ... that can be seen coming from a mile away , and as unbelievable as the concept that a club like that , could be be run by a dude that looks like he is probably 22 . I was n't expecting much ... and I got even worse !
 I love the gritty feel of the first two movies . This movie was way too septic and clean . A bunch of wimpy rich people set at a table with a computer terminals and bid on how the torturer victimizes his victim . They do n't even have the nerve to do it them selves . This movie was terrible . Unless Eli Roth comes back please let this be the last one .
 The first two Hostel films are fun and very entertaining . Sadly , this direct to video sequel is a big letdown .
 While I thought the first Hostel was an interesting story , by 4th installment I 'm like what the heck ? This is too much gore and too violent to enjoy .
 this movie was an extreme dissapointment . while hostel 2 could have been better , it still had some good gore and was entertaining . this was very lame and wasnt even entertaining at all . they killed the franchise with this turd .
 AVOID THIS CINEMATIC TRAIN WRECK !!! IT IS NOT WORTH WATCHING AND WILL ONLY MAKE YOU ANGRY !!! save your money and your sanity , i wish i had .
 if there was ever a law in hollywood that should be enforced is labeling movies with a previous title . HOSTEL and HOSTEL part 2 are instant dark cult classics that brings the meaning of fear and asks oneself can this really happen?HOSTEL part 3 -LRB- i have to call it that ... -RRB- starts off like a ripoff of the hangover throws a BHC symbol and there you go !! The movie doesnt develop . The characters are weak , and the ending was so-so but it doesnt hit the point , If you a have a buck to spend at redbox and liked the other two . go ahead and rent it . its worth a buckIf Eli Roth doesnt do anything with the series , LEAVE IT ALONE !!!!
 i had read the reviews before i bought hostel 3 . i did go ahead and buy it.i actually thought it was a waste of film.where is eli roth ? please do another movie !!!
 The stakes turn deadly for four friends when their bachelor party lands them in a seedy nightclub off the Las Vegas Strip that is run by the secretive Elite Hunting organization ! With creator Eli Roth out of the picture for the third film in the popular HOSTEL franchise , Scott Spiegel seemed like an ideal candidate to take over in his place . After all , Spiegel has worked closely with childhood friend Sam Raimi on numerous pictures , and even directed the cult Slasher INTRUDER , a film in which he deployed the same twisted sense of humor that is often found in the HOSTEL series . Despite these facts , Spiegel turns out a painfully stupid and uninviting sequel that is completely devoid of the most entertaining elements of the original . The dark , Eastern European setting has been exchanged for the bright lights of Vegas , only the majority of the film takes place off of the strip , making the location of the events irrelevant . None of the characters are perceived as being heroic or even remotely likeable for that matter , making their prolonged deaths a matter of celebration . And if that were n't enough , the inventive torturing devices for which the series has become notorious are reduced to the same tired methods of dispatch that you could find in any dollar bin DVD . With SAW already on its `` final chapter , '' it seems that the Torture Porn genre has finally run its course , so HOSTEL may be closing its doors for good after this disaster.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 When did horror movies become movies where people just get tortured slowly ? When did seeing people get tortured slowly become entertainment ? Why is it okay for a movie like this to be made?This is a movie made by psychopaths - I mean that literally . The people responsible for making this movie are losers , people who contribute nothing to society except to make this world a worse place to live . I find it disgusting that movies like this exist , and that there are people entertained by movies like this . This is n't meant to be a joke or to be facetious - if you like this movie , do the world a favor and kill yourself . I am absolutely not kidding about that . This is a movie made by psychopaths - for psychopaths , and if you like this movie - there 's no room in the world for loser scum like you .
 I was hoping to be surprised , as I read all the negative reviews . I saw this film on netflix , I figured why not give it a shot ? Now I did n't see the unrated edition , so I do n't know how many changes were made.Story
 What do you call a low-budget movie that rides the coattails of two other terrible movies of the same franchise that came before it ? `` Hostel III '' is the punchline to that joke . More blood and gore signifying much ado about nothing , but this one is more poorly made than the other two , and it shows . Some guys throw a bachelor party for their friend in Vegas . Neither did they know what awaited them . It seems that the the torture and gore game has come to the States , more specifically to Las Vegas . With a betting theme firmly in place , our quartet of losers find themselves in serious trouble `` Hostel '' style . `` Hostel III '' is predictable with inferior acting , a bad script , an atrocious plot execution and lacking in style in the extreme . The result is one boring snorefest with some blood and gore , but nothing to write home about . Succinctly put , this movie is not scary at all whatsoever . I did not even find this one to be disturbing . It 's one of those movies that you hope everyone dies in it because the characters are so lame . I 'll give 1/4 of one -LRB- 1 -RRB- star , and that 's being generous . In short , this franchise just needs to go away because it 's becoming more and more stupid .
 I bought this thing just to have the complete series . It 's not a bad movie , but is poorly paced and edited . The best scenes are at the beginning and the ending is idiotic . Also , what happened to Anka ? Please , give me stuff that has at least some logic in it.Still , they did n't manage to kill the franchise and I will wait for another sequel hoping for the best .
 All I have to say is they really cheezed this movie out to the max !!!! Maybe go back and take notes on Hostel 11 which I thought was excellent !
 Some Producer didnt get his coke on time and as a result his naggy wanabie filmmaker son was given the chance to make a sequel to any film he wanted to . So he thought and thought `` hmmmm . . horror thats easy a little blood everyone is happy i can do that '' , well no he cant . This dumb boring film if only will end the tourcher porn thing and people will go back to makeing good films , please Saw is done ... i hope Hostle ??? are you done , . Human Centapied 2 was a joke so i hope thats done . If anyting the single thing good that could come out of this mess of a film will be the end to ely roth and Tourcher porn NONE ARE SCARY THERE JUST DUMB , LIKE MR ROTH WHO COULDNT DIRECT HIS WAY OUT OF A BAG .
 This movie was just down right horrible , it has nothing to do with the first two movies ; I do not know how anyone could rate this a B movie . It is not . The story line sucked , there was no nudity and hardly any gore . It was like a bad teen movie , ya know like the ones you see in every other movie . Dont waste your time with this movie . I would give it no stars if possible !
 This movie was so crappy , it did n't make it in theaters or even have a blu-ray version . ! It also did n't make sense how someone was stabbed 20 times by his friend and appear to have no injuries driving a car and speed off from scene like nothing happened .
 I feel like I should apologize sometimes for liking the first Hostel movie so much and the sequel even more . These are movies that are put down as being torture porn , but they are horror movies that scare the s out of you , so I like them.This third movie , though , is horrible . It starts off with a great opening scene that completely twists your initial expectations , so I was hopeful that it would be one of those direct-to-DVD movies that ends up being better than the original theatrical releases . But the opening scene was the only good scene in the movie.The movie makes no sense . The actors -LRB- none of which are that good -RRB- change motivations from minute to minute . The death scenes are minimal enough to be shown on daytime Disney , and the torture is ludicrous . Seriously , choking someone on beetles ? This is supposed to be horrific ? Did the writer have an insect phobia?The first two Hostel movies had flaws , but for the most part they were scary . You could n't help but wonder what you would do in a similar situation , and the horror was overwhelming at times.This lame DVD sequel never works . They keep trying to introduce twists , but beyond the opening scene -LRB- which again I will say was well-written -RRB- it all falls flat . People thought dead roar back to life without any explanation or logic . Customers looking to see people killed appear sedated and bored , so any horror at the inhumanity of some people is lost in their mundane reactions . What a shame that an enjoyable if sometimes flawed series ended up producing a part 3 that sucks .
 I had read a few good reviews of this movie before picking it up , and I guess I had my hopes set pretty high . In the end I found myself fast forwarding through this movie just to get through it.Hostel part 3 never needed to be made . Parts 1 and 2 were created to compliment each other , using male and female view points . They were n't works of art , but Eli Roth packed them full of subtext and psycho-sexual terrors . This movie lacks that . Instead we get a very dull `` torture porn '' film that tries to be creative , but because of limited budget , ends up feeling stale and pointless.The main plot is simple . A group of guys throwing a bachelor party in Vegas get caught up in some Hostel style hijinks . Screaming and bloodletting ensues ... eventually . First we have to spend thirty minutes `` getting to know '' these guys . I 'll break it down for you . We have the honest , groom to be . The handicapped guy with a good sense of humor . The miserable married guy who complains about his wife , and finally the rich best friend who you know is up to no good . Throw in a few well meaning , and always fully clothed prostitutes , and a guy with a non-descript eastern European accent , and you have our cast . The film spends thirty minutes telling the viewer what I was just able to tell you in a couple of sentences . Did I mention that other than the handicapped guy and the groom , almost all the characters are unlikeable , and usually only communicate through dialogue that involves a constant barrage of a certain curse word that starts with an F ? Now , the actors themselves do n't do a bad job . The majority of the cast actually turns in fairly good work . The problem is that the characters that they are stuck playing just are n't people you would want to spend any time with . Even when you know that the majority of them are going to die in horribly violent ways.Once the violence does start things seem promising . The majority of the effects are practical , and look very good ... when they show them . This movie , while still fairly graphic and gory , is probably the driest of all the Hostel films as far as blood flow goes . Do n't get me wrong , this movie is bloody , but there are more than a few moments were the camera just misses the gore pay off , and instead the audience is given a shot of blood splashing on a wall , or a lamp or something . It also does n't help that the set ups for the kills , while most likely intended to be creepy , come off as silly . Mostly this is due to the overly hammy acting of the killers . Although the `` arrow '' scene is fairly effective , due to some creative wardrobe choices . In the end though , even that scene turns out to be a clunker , and feels dragged out.So , why did I give this two stars instead of one ? Well ... The last fifteen minutes of the movie actually turned out to be okay . Not great , mind you , and certainly not good enough to warrant picking up this film , but they were exciting , well staged , and sadly just make the first seventy five minutes look that much worse.Skip Hostel part 3 . There was potential in the idea behind this one , and a few interesting and well done moments , but in the end the movie is just painful to sit through , and those moments are n't worthwhile enough to sit through the rest of this train wreck.Oh , and whoever thought it would be a good idea to have the guys stay at a `` stripper '' hotel -LRB- I use the term loosely since most of the `` strippers '' remain fully clothed -RRB- needs to grow up . -LRB- I 'm not kidding . There are random stripper poles all over the hotel the guys stay at . It 's so random it 's comical . -RRB-
 I am not sure if we were all watching the same movie . The Cinematography is abysmal and the acting is laughable . The kills are insipid and very cost effective . I really saw minimum gore in this film to say the least . And when you find out that the subject mater revolves around a woman it just kills it . Its reguarding a person that is barely in the film . Its quite obvious this was on a smaller budget or lack there of.I just feel like Eli Roth visually is a better director and cinematographer . This movie appears to be divided into two chunks and when you get down to the last chunk it loses momentum . The actions sequences are insipid and the explosions look CGI'ed . Watch this only if you are bored .
 Here it is
 A few weeks ago in my review for `` Wrong Turn 4 '' I mentioned how horror fans are willing to watch just about anything . They live and die in the horror genre . `` Sure `` Wrong Turn 3 '' sucked but 4 has to be at least a little bit better ... right ? '' It does n't matter how many awful sequels we get , we are more than willing to watch another one . The same is true for direct-to-dvd horror . Mostly just franchises the studios realize they can no longer make money at the cinemas with , they cut the budget , release it on dvd , and watch the profits come in.Case in point , today 's entry in the direct-to-dvd horror sequel lottery , `` Hostel
 If you are thinking about watching this because it is the third installment of Hostel . It was worse than the first one and sicker . What is worse that it is set in Las Vegas . As a movie by itself then it is okay . There are parts that are really good but as a whole I found it to be a waste of time .
 All I can say in this idea of a review is that I was extremely disappointed beyond all known imagination of the word belief.This film is obviously made , edited and produced by a film-makers study course from some obscure college out on the fringes of the Twilight Zone.I can not believe at all that I spent my money on this film.If cheesy is your type of film , watch this and be completely satiated . Else spend your human intelligence on some real professionally produced movie .
 This is a bootleg copy of a darn good old movie -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , but you can order a real one with better quality from The Casey Tibbs South Dakota Rodeo Center , Mailing AddressPO Box 37Fort Pierre , SD 57532The actual action filled film footage of Casey Tibbs , the incomparable example of a `` World Champion Cowboy , with his friends on the last great roundup & trail drive of over 400 horses from the Lower Brule Indian Reservation to Ft. Pierre , South Dakota . These wild broncos that Casey had raised were to be used in one of the muddiest rodeos ever held . This movie is the true story with a little cowboy humor thrown in that makes this movie one that you will want to see if you are into real cowboys & rodeos.It was Caseys lifelong effort to improve rodeo bucking bronco stock . Like the 8 championships he still holds in the PRCA , -LRB- hard to beat a 100 point score , especially on the very famous buckin bronco named `` Old Necktie '' -RRB- , Casey succeeded as you will see in the rodeo in this film of a part of the life of Casey Tibbs , one absolutely great American cowboy , rodeo performer , and actor.CptMick
 Good Thing I do n't live In The woods or by the bayou.A Sad Hollywood stereotype and boring slow moving film , scary when your a kid , It does seem he looks Like E.T. during one the transformation scene , And I wonder is he a Hybrid Wolf ? There was no mention of wolf in the story just cannibalism from a affair exposed and a dirty town 's secret , fun to see once in a blue moon .
 Great cast wasted . Ron Cox , LQ Jones , R. G. Armstrong and others.Tedious meandering plot . Dumb setups and forced acting . The director gets the worst performances out of some of the best character actors.This is one of those movies where you are completely distracted in wondering ... `` why is this not working ? `` For a B horror TBWI appears to have been well budgeted as can be seen by quality actors , camera lenses , film stock , lighting , music , audio and special effects . The director sets up the camera and frames scenes well and even tries for some atmospheric lighting and settings . - But - the actor-direction , story , screen play , dynamics are all too questionableThe dynamics problem is due to the director having the actors perform the same over-reaction whether they take a wrong turn during a pleasant Sunday drive or they witness their son turning into a murderous pulsating monster.And - that slimy monster is very unintentionally silly.One big plus is that the talented Lex Baxter wrote another awesome score.Obviously from the comments on my review - most disagree with me - but for me -LRB- a horror movie buff -RRB- I was pretty bored with this film.The DVD has excelent sound and picture quality from very good film stock .
 Nothing new here just rehashed and done so poorly . The movie gets 2 stars only because House of the dead holds the title for worst zombie flick . The birds in this movie apparently do n't do anything but fly around you annoyingly , and you can fall 4 stories and walk away as long as you land on someone else.Don ' t waste your time .
 It is always sad to see name actors reduced to taking icky gross horror films just to pay a mortgage . Ronny Cox and L.Q. Jones are very good here , and Meshach Taylor looks the same here as he does now , almost twenty years later ... hey , that is the creepiest thing about this film.Two newlyweds in 1965 get stuck on a lonely highway in Mississippi , and the guy walks back up the highway for help . A monster happens by , as they often do , kills the dog , and rapes the new bride . Seventeen years later , the offspring son of that rape is having medical problems , and the now older married couple make like Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys Mysteries , going back to the small town near where she was attacked , hoping to find clues as to who the raping father was . The son follows , develops a thirst for blood -LRB- as one is wont to do in the backwater southern U.S. -RRB- , and attacks people related to a murder from years before . At this point , I began to lose track of most of the names of characters and the stereotypical rubes they trot out just because this is how Hollywood thinks people from the south act . You would think Cox would have learned his lesson after `` Deliverance . '' Eventually , we find out the bride was attacked by the local chained up cannibal , who somehow has been reincarnated in its offspring 's body . Gore and mayhem soon follow.There are incredible leaps in logic here that are never explained . How does the son know to follow the parents to the small town ? Why does Cox get to ride with the cops and basically have his run of things ? At one point , a character asks the same question , and he is never answered either . How did the creature get the power to take over the identity of his son , shedding his offspring 's skin like a snake ? Why does the creature resemble a giant brown Pillsbury dough boy , covered in sugary glaze ? We probably will never know.The film has a good , expensive look to it , but we are treated to a rube who slaps his teenage girl around , not one but TWO scenes of the creature raping women he finds passed out in the woods , and one of the longest transformation scenes ever put on film . I am surprised no cast member checked their watch as they watched the teenage son turn into the raping , human flesh eating creature . Everyone just stands , stares , and gasps . An abrupt ending is just the slime on the cake of one icky film . `` The Beast Within '' is without merit . I do not recommend it.This is rated -LRB- R -RRB- for physical violence , gun violence , sexual violence , strong gore , profanity , female nudity , some sexual content , and adult situations .
 The Beast Within -LRB- Phillippe Mora , 1982 -RRB- I have been a huge fan of Edward Levy 's two novels since they originally came out . Thus , when a film version of The Beast Within appeared not long after the novel , I was thrilled . As I was still underage at the time , I had to wait until it popped up on video to actually see it , however . I remember being disappointed that the beginning of Levy 's book did n't make it into the film , but that 's about it.That was twenty years ago , and I just watched The Beast Within again to see if I 'd overlooked anything the first time around . I did . I overlooked how awful the whole movie is.Mora began his career with two very well-received documentaries before turning his attention to fictional subjects . His first big-screen drama , Mad Dog Morgan , has its defenders . The Beast Within was his next movie , and from that point on , I do n't think he 's made a single film defended by anyone but studio execs looking for a quick buck . In this version of the story -LRB- cf. my review of Levy 's novel for what this is really supposed to be about -RRB- , we open with something raping a newlywed . Cut to seventeen years later , when the son of said something and said newlywed is dying of an undisclosed pituitary gland problem . Except that when he gets out of the hospital and drinks blood , he gets temporarily better . -LRB- No , since I know that 's what you 're thinking , this is n't a vampire movie . It 's something far , far stupider . -RRB- All of the plausibility that Levy puts into the first fifty pages of the novel -LRB- which are condensed into a monologue at the beginning of the film , with time changes that make it utterly unbelievable -RRB- is missing . All of the tension of the book 's scenario has been erased by the elimination of one of the book 's main characters and a complete change of relationship for the remaining two . The book 's thoroughly cheesy , thoroughly wonderful ending has been utterly abandoned . The script for this -LRB- which was written by Tom Holland , also responsible for such script classics as Psycho II , Cloak and Dagger , and The Langoliers -RRB- may have remotely resembled the book in the first draft , but by the time it got to the filming stage , it was a completely different beast . -LRB- There is a meditation to be made on the metatheatrical aspects of the script as parallel to the main character , but the movie disgusts me to the point where I 'm not willing to be the one to write it . -RRB- Given that , the film has to be looked at as a completely separate entity from the book . Is it any good if you slice off Edward Levy 's name ? Absolutely not . The highly-touted special effects are so fake as to be funny -LRB- though some of them you 'll recognize from later films , which makes me wonder if there was some sort of influence stemming from this , as scary as the idea is -RRB- . The story is a basic rehash of a number of different movies . It COULD have been done well -LRB- in fact , Harry Bromley Davenport would take a good deal of this material , stick it into a sci-fi framework , add some pieces of its contemporary E.T. , and come up with the brilliant XTRO a year later -RRB- . But it 's impossible to watch this film , even if you 're not a filmmaker yourself , and see hundreds of places where Mora could have done better with camerawork , editing , lighting , or any of another twenty or so aspects of directing a movie . Otherwise good actors like Don Gordon -LRB- Papillon , The Final Conflict -RRB- , L. Q. Jones -LRB- The Virginian -RRB- , and Luke Askew -LRB- South of Heaven , West of Hell -RRB- are wasted in oceans of overacting.If you 're a fan of Edward Levy 's wonderful novel , I suggest you forget this movie exists . In fact , that goes for the rest of you , as well . I tried to find a single redeeming quality about this film , and the only thing that came to mind is `` if someone else tries to do Levy 's novel , they ca n't do any worse . '' -LRB- zero -RRB-
 This is the word for word description from the back of the Blockbuster case : In the Southern swamps a woman is raped by a demented subhuman creature . 17 years later her son goes beserk and begins a transformation into a cicada-like monster that takes revenge on the townspeople involved in a grim secret.I 've been sitting here for like twenty minutes and I ca n't think of anything to say that would be funnier .
 I read the reviews of this movie and ordered it . After watching the movie , I really felt like most of the reviews were misleading . The back jacket of the DVD is a clearer description of the actual content of the film . Its about a cannabalistic swamp creature that rapes a woman on her honeymoon night . She is totally passed out , so does n't see anything . The movie skips forward about 18 years and we have a young man going through changes in his body and mind . The doctor 's say he is dying . The parents go after the man -LRB- creature -RRB- to try to find out the nature of their son 's rare , genetic illness . Eventually the whole family ends up in the town which is harbouring the secret of this creature . Lots of bloody carnage ensues as the boy changes into his father 's own image . Now , even all of this , bizare as it is , could be deemed interesting . I liked the idea of the ending , and the way they tied the story of the injustice to the man -LRB- creature -RRB- to the events in the town . But the truth is , the movie was n't what I expected . I have a wide range of interest in horror films . I enjoy 1980 's made for TV movies , I loved Carrie , The Exorsist , Poltergeist , Fright Night and the more recent films , Sixth sense , What Lies Beneath , and The Others . If you want to really enjoy yourself , order one of those films , or all of them . They will not dissapoint you . This one will .
 OK , let 's all be honest here ... for a change . What this movie has is a mythic beast having sex with defenseless women -LRB- knocked unconscious by banging their heads into trees -RRB- , lying alone in the wildnerness.Anyone who watches it and enjoys it , is a freak . Anyone that purchases it online -LRB- or on any other `` line '' -RRB- is likewise a freak.If this is what you want from entertainment then rent two hookers and an ape costume.S . Daily Warren
 This movie is just really dull . You just ca n't take the movie seriously , and this movie tries hard to be some kind of serious revenge story . By the time it gets to the monster scene , you ended up not caring and just want the movie to be over . I have to say , this movie does have one of the funniest monster transformations I have ever seen ! At one point , I thought he was about to turn into ET !
 No movie description , but we get two lists lists of the two main actors . 15 min . running time ... Really ? Apparently no one 's minding the store . I guess paying customers are unwanted .
 This is incredibly dumb . Do n't waste your money . Watch the preview . That should convince you . Children are sponges , and this is not something I want my children to soak up . I would rather they use these years where they can learn ANYTHING , to learn really wonderful , valuable , and maturing lessons . Not `` boople '' stuff . Whoever created this just wanted to make some money and `` entertain '' children -- not teach them anything worth learning .
 The cartoon is a poor quality!very disappointed Thought the songs would be more common ones to help preschooler learn
 If you purchase this movie , this is the feeling/question you 'll be left with . While Elba is convincing as a man who 's mind devolves into delusion , the storyline is nearly non-existent , patchwork . Mental disorder is hard enough to capture as entertainment . It 's even more difficult to present a story from only the perspective of a warped mind 's concoctions . The film needed at least one other character 's viewpoint to give the audience validation -LRB- or not -RRB- of the main character 's perceptions . Unfortunately , this did n't happen , leaving the audience hostage to the constant question of reality or fantasy . All characters introduced , with the exception of two , were products of the main character 's mind . While one was a peripheral character that was on screen for about 5 mins , the other was served as the story 's villain . He is only glimpsed through the eyes of the sick character . The end is designed to make you think , but it does n't go far enough -LRB- especially without at least one additional vantage -RRB- .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen and the ending was absolutely horrible . What a waste of time .
 I ca n't believe how awful this movie is ... and what high ratings it got . These two kids are young , yes ... and ill informed , and naive , and so on ... but for crying out loud , grow up and make a freaking decision ! They are together , then they are n't , then they are , then they get married , then split up , then get with other people again , then it ends . You do n't even care about these characters at all ! I want my $ 4 back .
 I felt jipped . I paid full price for this movie because it had jennifer lawrence in it . Her name was on the cover . Her picture is on the back . Shes barely in it and generally speaking the whole movie blows . It looks like it was shot with a home video camera and is unbelievably slow . The lead female character is a flake and when i wasnt irritated by male lead , i pittied him.Its a movie where a girl is told to go home for the summer because it doesnt coincide with her school visa for 2 months . She decides if she stays in bed for 2 months she can pull a quick one on the u.s. government and stay . She winds up getting deported and they cant let go of their relationship which would be one thing but you begin to see them stomp on other peoples lives and hearts in the process . After like an hour i couldnt stand either one of them . The only thing i can say for my little 20 dollar purchase is that it had a raw feel about it . I like anton yelchin but this is the worst movie hes ever done .
 Like Crazy is a slow moving , boring , and pathetic excuse for a movie . The story line , what little there was of it , meandered all over the place . Do n't waste your money .
 It is hard to sum up 20 words about a movie that goes nowhere and then just ends . A total waste of time .
 This was the worst movie ever . Both characters cheat on each other , with no regard to anyone elses feelings . This is not a love story .
 Congratulations you just reached my top-ten-worst-movies-of-all-time list!I lust you like crazy and cheat on you like crazy becasause it is not real love you crazies ! Plus Jacob was n't even cute , her other beau was cuter and nicer and they held better conversations . Ugh . I want my money back . I hate this movie like crazy !!!
 AVOID this movie !! It is about 2 horny college students pretending sex equals Love !! She is so selfish she overstays her visa by 2 months just to have sex all summer !! Then she pretends it 's NOT her fault when she is banned from USA on her next trip !! Totally predictable & dull from the word go !! Her Father offers to help by arranging for them to get married in England but they do n't even take him up on the offer !! Two rather pathetic losers !!
 First rule of impro -LRB- in movies -RRB-
 This is not a love story . It is a story of two selfish people who do n't know what real love is . They put their own interest above the others . Most romantic movies ignore the fact that the feeling that comes with `` falling in love '' , is not real love and is always temporary . In this movie it is clear from the tortured existence the characters choose to live , real love is something they have not yet been willing to give , and probably do n't even understand . Even in the end it seems the only thing that brought them together was their selfish desires to regain that fleeting feeling that comes with falling in love , never learning how to truly love .
 * There are some spoilers in this review , beware * I feel as if the writer -LRB- s -RRB- and director -LRB- s -RRB- got at least one thing right in this movie , and that was getting the actors to successfully convey what could be construed as realistic emotions for the situation at hand . I 'll agree that this is one of the most difficult things to pull off in a movie . However , the rest of the story falls so far from the target that the acting can not save it.I 'll start with the positives here
 I spent a lot of time trying to figure out what was happening in this movie ... You get the story in snippets , mostly without words . I was disconnected to the characters because I was left guessing a lot as to what they were thinking and feeling . I got the cheating part quite clearly , though . They were both unfaithful multiple times , even after they get married . They drag each other and two other people through the dirt , so it 's no wonder they both struggle with trust issues the entire movie . The ending leaves you hanging . They get back together legally and supposedly permanently , so the distance issue is resolved , but they really do n't appear happy . Perhaps because they realized the distance was n't really the problem in their relationship ... That being said , there was some good cinematography , so I give it some credit for that .
 I was really excited when i read the premise of this movie - i thought it would be a cute love story . While it had good parts i felt the movie as a whole was rather meh . The most frustrating part was the ending - it just ends without any resolution . Overall - not a bad movie to watch once but i wo n't go out of my way to watch it a second time .
 This movie was incredibly boring . Never finished it . Anyway , the characters are flat and uninteresting . Yes , they may be in love , but who cares .
 They should have featured more Jennifer Lawrence ! Her poor character get 's tossed back and forth like last week 's left overs .
 The first 25 minutes are lovely , and you think you chose a great movie to watch with your girlfriend . WRONG ! -LRB- Should 've chosen the zombie movie , most definitely -RRB- . For the next two hours you watch two very average young people deal with the most unpleasant aspects of a relationship -LRB- jealousy , distance , etc -RRB- and attempt to execute the most pitiful coping mechanisms.All the hallmarks of emotional immaturity and unrealistic romantic expectations are here
 I did n't finish this movie . I just found it to be a bit slow paced . You win some ... you lose some .
 Characters I could n't care less about , weird filming , large bits of time missing , wtf moments and an incredibly strange ending equal one bad movie . So disappointed .
 This movie is terrible . It does n't even have a good ending . It 's just absurd . Do n't bother . - I should have known . The premise is idiotic ; however , I thought that surely the movie would get better , but it did n't . Seriously , just awful .
 To sum it up ... this movie starts out slow , then speeds up -LRB- almost too much -RRB- , and then gets confusing and you can not read what is going on with the actors because their expressions do n't tell you ! And the end of the movie ... so bad that it actually kind of got me mad . It literally just STOPS . With no explination of what will come of the two.I was so excited to see this movie because all the reviews hyped it up to be this epic love story . NOT !! So so bad . The way the characters acted in it kept me confused . It was like having Kristin Stewart play every role because of all the stone faces and clueless looks and expressions . Do n't waste your money on buying this . Im sure you will know some poor sucker who bought it and is willing to give it away !!!
 Young people getting involved sexually . me Morals of the movie at an all time low . I 'm a romantic at heart butimmorality of the whole thing . I would encourage others to NOT watch it .
 Bummer , do n't waste the time . Really slow , constantly waiting for it to take off , then it ends ... : -LRB-
 I usually like movies that are different from the usual , text book love story , but this one was n't my favorite . It was slow paced at times , the dialogue could have been a lot stronger especially between the two main characters . Their acting was fine , but there was definitely an element missing in this movie . If you 're looking for a classic love story , then keep looking .
 This movie is supposed to be a look at young love that is fraught with the difficulty of extreme distance . Unfortunately , the director seems proud of the fact that there was n't a screenplay , claiming that should be obvious to the viewer . Unfortunately , it IS obvious to the viewer . The idea for this movie is an excellent one , but in practice , without the crafting of a clever writer , the acting falls short . We see Anna , early on , decide to ignore the ending of her student visa . Without context -LRB- and not enough is given -RRB- , she just seems to be a stupid , foolish girl making a rash decision , even though she seemed to be quite aware beforehand that she needed to return to England once her visa expired . When the couple is ripped apart , I lacked sympathy for either of them . Later one , when married , they each find someone new and nearby . Jacob finds Sam , a girl who works for him and obviously adores him . Anna finds her neighbor Simon , a dashing but controlling man who loves the woman Anna has turned into while they are dating.The only redeeming quality I found in this movie was Anna 's parents . Both veteran actors , they played their parts brilliantly . They were clever , fun , and always watching their daughter attempting to discern where her true happiness could be found . Unfortunately , Jacob and Anna ruined the movie , and the fault here lies with the director , not directing enough , and not hiring a screenwriter to give these young actors the voices they so desperately needed . I was excited to see this movie , but now I would tell everyone to skip it .
 I really wanted this movie to be good . I was holding off watching it because I thought it was going to be a cute , inde chick flick and could n't bear torturing my husband to watch it with me . Well , I finally watched it . In the beginning , I thought I had made a good choice , that it was a cute love story about a British girl and an American guy . But man this movie went down the toilet real quick . It 's one of those movies I wish I could unwatch because it gave me one of those crappy , no good , need to take a shower kind of feelings . I agree with the reviewer that said that `` Love and Selfishness Can Not Coexist '' and that `` Most romantic movies ignore the fact that the feeling that comes with `` falling in love '' , is not real love and is always temporary . '' I only continued to watch it -LRB- when it made a turn for the worse -RRB- because I was just hoping the movie would turn itself around and the characters would stop cheating on each other and actually end up at least liking each other again ... I was hoping that the rolling credits were just a joke and the real ending would happen eventually ... Not to mention , it provides a terrible message for people who want to be in a `` happy relationship , '' married or not . Awful movie ... this is an hour and 30 minutes of a waste of time .
 I was under the impression that the movie was going to go somewhere . Sigh . Then the end came and I noticed that I was wrong .
 I would give this movie zero stars if that were an option ! Poorly developed characters in a boring story that goes nowhere and then just ends with NO resolution or redemption ! Pointless unless you just need a depressing reminder that long distance relationships are very difficult and frequently fail .
 I 'm not going to recap on the movie since it 's been done in most of the reviews . The movie had a great soundtrack and really great actors . However , I did n't really care for this movie as much as I hoped I would care . I 'm in a long distance relationship with someone in England and was really looking forward to this movie . I felt like I did n't understand or connect with the couple . I actually connected more with her and Simon 's relationship due to the fact that he reminded me of my ex . Simon was not as great as people have said . He overdominated the conversation and it was always about him . It was obvious in the parents ' reaction that they did n't like him at all whereas they seemed to love Jacob.I hated how we as viewers missed important conversations . One scene she 's being deported , then they are missing phone calls in the next scene , and then he 's telling his partner that he 's not going to England , because they are just friends . Another missed scene ... they get married , they fight about obvious jealously and being insecure and angry , and then they are shacked up with another person in the next scene -LRB- with no concept of time , except that she had dated Simon for 6 months -RRB- . WAIT ... WHAT ? What they hell just happened ? And are they still married?Also , they did n't seem to like eachother as much when they got together after a long parting . I mean , when my man leaves , I 'm not sitting on the otherside of a train smiling at him . I 'm holding on to him as much as I can before I have to leave his side . And then , it just ends with them remembering how it used to be that summer -LRB- with the exception of Jacob remembering the wedding ... I assume -RRB- . They did n't even seem overly happy to FINALLY be together after all that time.All in all , I was very disconnected from this movie whereas I should n't have been . I just felt like it could have been and wanted to be so much more .
 I was really excited for this movie when I first saw the trailer , but when i finally watched the movie I was really disapointed . I loved everything about it except for the fact that nothing happened ... I kept on waiting for something to happen , but really nothing happens at all . Also the ending is quote annoying , you never find out what happens to them .
 i was truly looking forward to watching this movie especially with all the buzz but found myself almost immediately frustrated that by one character 's decision , they are torn apart throughout the movie and a lot of people get hurt in the process . I do n't buy the ending nor find it very satisfying and it 's all done with a gloss over -- you have to piece together why one minute they are broken up and the next minute they are together . the deleted and alternate scenes do help . but still not enough . It lives up its title . Bonus -- jennifer lawrence has a small part in this movie .
 This movie has horrible and unbelievable dialogue , bad music , and is not captivating in any way . I 'm sorry I wasted my money .
 So disappointed ! I was really looking forward to watching this movie and could n't wait for it to be over . Boring !
 Was n't exactly what I 'd call a &#34; so bad it 's good &#34; type of film ; just bad all around . Awful production values , worse acting , and lazy writing . The ending is n't as shocking as the synopsis and reviews would have you think . Ever see &#34; The Vanishing &#34; ? Remember how bogus the ending of that was after all the hype ? That 's about the size of it .
 This is a dream come true for me.I have been looking for this horrible movie for years.I can not remember when or where I saw it -LRB- MST3k , perhaps ? -RRB- , but I do remember laughing uproariously through the entire movie.The sets are cheap ; the actors barely actors -LRB- for the most part -RRB- and the overall impression you may get is that this is the exact antithesis of `` Reefer Madness . `` So actually , because I am a lover of baaaaad movies -LRB- but I love Ed Wood -RRB- and this one qualifies , I am going to sit myself down to Sunday dinner , and watch this beloved and horrid movie , hoping to not choke on my food while laughing .
 No movie description , but we get two lists lists of the two main actors . 15 min . running time ... Really ? Apparently no one 's minding the store . I guess paying customers are unwanted .
 If you ever saw the classic 1974 film `` Vampyres '' by Jos&eacute; Ram&oacute;n Larraz you 'll pretty well have covered this poor modern low budget film.This has many of the same elements of the 70s film but Valeria Dombrovschi ca n't compare to a Marianne Morris or an Anulka Dziubinska.The same elements ; fangless female vampire lovers lure men to their domain and ply them with a special wine , then feed . There 's even the shower scene of the two of them lamenting wether to get rid of one man they 've hung onto for a while.There 's also a couple near-by doing a survey , and like the classic film there 's a similar run-in between the wife and the vampire ladies.One of the few new elements is that the vampires become encased in a skin/cocoon . I thought another might be their black eyes , as per the box cover but this has no relation to their appearence in the film .
 What is with the BBC and the blue background ? Wire in the Blood , Dr. Who , etc all have this blue tint to their shows . I guess they ca n't afford but one set . Jekyll is not bad and worth a look while flipping channels . But the entire story is so cliched as to be painful . The worst part is the mysterious ` organization ' and the mysterious secret . And `` Benjamin ' is such a stupid over the top villain he 's painful to watch . Though it was rather fun to watch him get his in the basement . Nothing new or interesting on the whole.There are some fun bits scattered throughout so , worth a watch on the Telly for free if there 's nothing else on.Go watch Quatermass or Benny Hill . Or maybe Joe 90 . Now that was a good show .
 A friend recommended this Moffat show because I love Sherlock and Doctor Who , but I watched half of the first show and turned it off . i did n't like it at all .
 I really liked this series , especially the acting of James Nesbitt , and would have rated it much much higher . Why one star ? Two words
 It was a great idea and it had an encouraging start . By the 4th episode it becomes very clear that the writer had lost his focus and it quickly declined into dramatics for the sake of dramatics . A major contribution to the weaknesses here is the unfortunate miscasting of the actress who plays Tom 's wife . I have no idea who she is but her over-the-top emoting simply made her annoying and distracted from any entertainment value the show might offer . Plenty of unnecessary dialogue , assigned almost exclusively to the lesbian couple and a few loose ends make this a disappointment . Too bad . If you must see it , rent it .
 Steven Moffat is Britain 's foremost purveyor of adolescent cr * p and wastes more potentially good material than any director on the face of the planet . I find it hard to believe that so many people liked this - it ' s pointless , the plot `` twists '' are arbitrary and there 's absolutely no attempt to explain any of the `` science '' behind any of it , just a bunch of adolescent notions about the eternal nature of true love . Like all of Moffat 's stuff , a total waste of time ... think `` Torchwood '' but even sillier . Nesbitt it totally wasted on the lousy script , for which he attempts to overcompensate with the hammiest acting imaginable . Awful .
 I was pretty intrigued by the movie . well , at least by the actors who were in it and the fact that it seemed quirky and offbeat . I watched it and do n't know how they ended up with the description redneck comedy . neither one is accurate . A small town heroine addict ca n't leave his home for agoraphobia and is being evicted for not paying his rent . This all makes no sense to me , and I love weird movies with little plot . The performances by Rip Torn and Bruce Dern were great , but all the other amazing actors were under-utilized . How can you have Cloris Leachman , Val Kilmer , Diane Ladd and Peter Faulk in a film and it fizzles ? Oh , yeah , they need a script . I can understand how people may like this movie . If you are into very detailed well acted scenes ; it has them . Unfortunately they are strung together oddly and the plot plods along and eventually goes no where . I really wanted to like this .
 *** high points **** interesting chartersdecent actinggood cinematography *** why you should pass on it *** flimsy plot that drags and drags then goes nowheregratuitous drug use that is long , painful and adds nothing to the storyI do n't know how this movie was made . I think nepotism or someone own someone a favor.who ever edited is was far to attached to the material . If they would 've had the sense to edit it down to 20 min this would have been with out a doubt a big winner at sundance as a short film . 2 hrs of my life that I will never get back .
 It 's amazing that this series has last as long as it has . Kids seems to adore it and look forward to each video . My newphews , who are 6 and 7 , grew very tired of it after the third movie -LRB- My sister was very relieved -RRB- They love the first one and watch it frequently and often play act it out . Its true that is much more scary and dark next to the cute and tame sequels . The first movie not only has a bit of violence and it deals with the loss of a parent -LRB- which my newphews had to deal with in real life -RRB- and the ever present bully everyone had to deal with in school . In the end the characters put aside their differences as they fight against the odds to find true happiness . Even though some parents think the first movie is too intense , it will grow on kids as they get older and stays with them . That 's why I actually rented on the first sequel when it came out when I was twelve because I loved the first one so much since I since I was in third grade . I 'm twenty-one now and they 're still coming out , man ! The sequels are great for kids under seven . If you do n't want to give them repetitive , low luster stories to demand over and over when they are at such an influential age , give them something that might stick and interest their minds a bit .
 If you notice almost all the movies are about that annoying pacifist littlefoot or the longnecks -LSB- these names are dumb -RSB- and now we are on the 10th fricking movie and I hear there are 13 I hope they stopped there because these are getting worse
 Very good lessons on friendship and diversity . However , none of the dinosaur children has a mother . Only father figures and grandparents are depicted in the parenting role . The main theme of this episode is the accidental finding of Littlefoot 's father . However , no mention of the little dinosaur 's mother is ever made . A very disappointing DVD from a family values perspective . Would not recommend for people who value motherhood , since it is completely ignored .
 How could you , Don ; Stephen ? HOW could you slaughter something so beautiful as the first Land Before Time ? I , alike many , own the original on DVD . It was honestly the only one I would buy regardless of the many chapters that surrounded me from all sides , all because they are painful to watch . Why are they painful ? SONGS.EVERY.THREE.SECONDS . I honestly can not stand it and as far as the chapters go , I watched up until The Mysterious Island before I finally lost my faith - but not my love . Fully aware that the rest are meant for children to aide them to grow and to share and to cherish life with every waking morning but why did they slaughter each and every individual character ? Sharp-tooth was my ultimate favorite until suddenly one day
 I may sound awful saying this , but I liked it better when I thought Little Foot 's father had died -LRB- like Cera 's mother did in the first movie , but it was never spoken of -RRB- . For one thing even after finding Little Foot he cared more about looking after his herd than his son , that just did n't seem right to me.Rather than move his herd to the Great Valley the writers just had him go off into the sunset , only to ` visit ' later :P . I know Little Foot is happier with his grandparents but one thing they never say is that they are so old they may die before Little Foot is grown up which would make it all the sadder that his father is n't there ... I guess all and all ` real world issues ' do not go well with the LBT world , since male animals leave their mates to raise the young all the time in real life.But I am a fan of the first movie more than anything.Even though this is one of the better spin offs it does not come near what the first one was and cheapens Little Foot 's mothers death by going so far as to mimic lines from the first movie : P
 My kids love the Land Before Time series and so I was excited for the new movie . What a dissappointment!My problem - the child dinosaur makes his own decision regarding who he lives with and the adult dinos are wishy-washy in their guidance and have no authority . Kids need love and encouragment , but also need adults to provide structure and directions and set appropriate boundaries.Last time I checked my kids are my responsibility as their parent . I need to act like a parent and make tough decisions for them . Input from children is good , but they are children and should not make life-changing decisions on their own.I do not like that this movie teaches that children should make their own major decisions . That is not fair to them - they are not ready or able .
 I watched this today with 3 five-year old girls . The girls seemed to like it although one said it was too scary and she never wants to see it again . I hated it.Cute cuddly talking dinosaurs with eye-lashes , child dinosaurs who giggle when they talk -LRB- I find this particularly obnoxious -RRB- , poor animation , and just plain stupidity all around . Like ` baby ' dinosaurs riding on the heads of grown-up ones.The characters were all unbelievable and the child dinosaurs spoke with very poor grammar , just what real children old enough to watch this do n't need.Just so you do n't get the wrong idea , I love a lot of children 's animated films . Finding Nemo , Beauty and the Beast , Little Mermaid , Toy Story , Ice Age , Spirit - Stallion of the Cimarron , just to name some . These are all wonderful . They are honest , not condescending , good to great animation , and genuinely moving for both grown-ups and children.When there 's so much good stuff for children , it 's a shame to waste money on garbage.One star from me , 3 from the girls - final result of two stars .
 this dvd is not worth buying needs to be remastered very difficult to see DO NOT BUY its a great movie just the dvd disc itself needs attention
 I had to force myself to watch the first 20 minutes which was quite boring . The movie quality was poor and the 20 minutes I watched dragged on so I did not wish to persecute myself any longer . Even though I had 48 hours in which to complete my viewing of it , I did not take advantage of it . To me , what little I saw made me rate it a dud . Maybe someone who has seen it through its entirety can give it a fairer rating .
 Synopsis : With terrorists holding a recently decommissioned Russian nuclear reactor hostage and the possibility of it being reactivated as a bomb , it 's up to the elite US Army Rangers to go in and stop the Terrorists and save their hostages before the worst can happen . The Rangers are joined by the Marksman -LRB- Snipes -RRB- a consummate professional loner as they go in . But not everything is as it seems . When things go awry , only the Marksman can save the day.About the Movie : If my synopsis sounds silly , it 's because this entire movie is . I 'm a fan of Wesley Snipes , so I picked this up when it came out , sight unseen . Bad idea.Unfortunately , this is by far the worst movie I 've seen Wesley Snipes in . He 's been in some mediocre films , indeed , but this one takes the cake . Filled with hammy actors and crippled by a ridiculous screenplay and ridiculously sloppy film editing , this movie screams `` B-movie . `` First off , The whole plot of this movie was just plain silly . Russians allowing the US Military to do an anti-terrorist operation at one of their own nuclear facilities , simply because US citizens were on location ? Russia would never allow such a thing any more than the US would if the situation were reversed . Worse is the suggestion that they 'd allow a military airstike on their soil . And what was up with the air combat ? There was no reason for it but to see stock footage of airplanes flying about.Secondly , the acting by many of the main characters was terrible . Undoubtedly editing and direction had some blame in this as well , but the acting overall was just atrocious . Snipe 's female opposite -LRB- Emma Sams -RRB- was the worst offender of all , her lines delivered with all the conviction of a high school stage performer . It does n't help that her dialog is just poorly written . Most of the movie 's dialog is . And do n't get me started on the attempted `` romance '' between her and Snipes.Thirdly , I hate when movies get things so ridiculously wrong . Since when have any Special Forces run around with heavy , thudding footsteps , clearly visible flashlight beams waving around and talked in full voices while behind enemy lines ? REAL special forces use night-vision , barely audible throat mikes and hand signals , and they also learn how to walk without sounding like the Spanish Inquisition . This movie had those guys running around like they were a bunch of amateurs playing paintball . Worse , their behavior towards one another was just as ridiculous . The Rangers in this movie did n't even pretend to act like a tight knit military unit.Honestly , just a little more attention to these details and the quality of this movie would have jumped up by 3 notches.Fourthly , in a number of spots in this film , the camera direction and film editing was terrible . The most notable occurrence of this was near the end during a firefight . The camera switched from an inside view to an outside view of a window , and in each case , the actor was in different positions and worse , moving completely differently . It was distracting and glaringly bad . This happened in a number of other places . Editing film is an art , and in this case , someone was using a preschooler 's fingerpaints.Yeah , this movie was just bad . It 's the sort of movie you get a bunch of friends together to watch and make fun of the entire time . The sad part is that this movie takes itself so seriously . Wesley Snipes must be desperate for a job to take on this garbage . Frankly , his performance in this movie is so unmemorable , that you could have slotted in just about anyone and it would have come out the same.About the DVD : The Marksman comes in a standard plastic snap case . Overall picture and sound were decent and really I did n't notice any major issues with either.Other features included a single aternate language track and a complete lack of subtitles , something I found a little odd . Likewise , the special features on this disk are not special at all , consisting only of theatrical trailers.Clearly there was minimum effort put into this DVD release.Bottom Line : The DVD is bare bones and the movie , well , do n't bother unless you LIKE watching turkeys . This movie is pretty bad . Do n't say I did n't warn you . A 1 star movie and DVD release .
 This movie is simply a cookie-cutter , straight-to-video , low budget , poorly acted stinker . I like Snipes , especially in the Blade trilogy . To see him in this film -LRB- though you do n't see as much of him as you might think - he may have 20 lines of dialogue throughout -RRB- is really embarrassing after seeing his better work . I guess all actors take some jobs for the money , and all I can say is that I hope he got a boatload for this one . Emma Sams , the lead female actress , does such a poor American accent , that she almost seems as though her dialog was dubbed in . The rest of the actors are directly out of the B-list and placed in sterotypical roles that are boring and predictable . And the military scenes ? Ugh . This film was written/directed/produced / advised by folks with just enough knowledge of the military and operations to be dangerous . For example , the captain of the US aircraft carrier USS Eriske -LRB- or something like that -RRB- wears a hat that says `` SSN Eriske '' - for those in the know -LRB- and many who are n't -RRB- , an SSN is a nuclear powered SUBMARINE . Not a carrier . Screw ups like that are prevalent throughout the movie - to include the almost total lack of hand signals during tactical movement on target by the `` Ranger '' team sent in with Snipes - everyone seems to prefer to operate by the ultra-covert `` talk in your normal tone of voice when the enemy is nearby '' tactic -LRB- haha -RRB- . And the individual Rangers seem to get to follow their own orders if they do n't feel like following the orders of their senior officers -LRB- `` I 'm outta here ! '' is one memorable line -RRB- Oh well . It may be worth a rental if you are a big Snipes fan , or if you have 90 minutes of your life you do n't need or want back.On the one positive note - the movie location scout did a great job - the `` set '' which actually appears to be in Russia or one of the Russian republics , is actually pretty cool , and may even be the saving grace of this film .
 Got the movie and was very excited at the prospect of a Wesley Snipes action spectacular . The editing is horrible , the props -LRB- fake MP-5 's , fake UZI 's , helicopters that are obviously been cheaped out - could not even afford a huey . -RRB- - the action sequences are few and far between.If you are looking for an action movie - skip this one . If you are drunk and looking to lose 2 hours of your life that you will never get back - or suffer from insomnia - watch this POS .
 You know a film is bad when you ca n't even finish watching it .1 . Russians do n't fly F-16s or Northrop Tigersharks2 . Used airial combat scenes from Top Gun , Navy Seals and Iron Eagle .3 . Used ground explosions from Iron Eagle4 . SpecOp Forces do n't manuever around like they are playing on a paintball range .5 . Editing was horrid -LRB- Airial cut scenes from films that take place in the middle eastern desert then jumps to what look like Pennsylvania woods -RRB- 6 . Acting was so bad I started to chuckle at the cheesey lines and delivery .7 . Plot would be better suited for a computer game .8 . Captain of the ` USS Oakla ' -LRB- no such ships exists -RRB- has a hat with SSN depicting his CARRIER 's Class ; well SSN means the hull classification symbol used by the United States Navy for an attack submarine that is propelled by nuclear energy , such as the Los Angeles-class of attack SUBMARINES.This was as far as I got , about 50 minutes into the film . I 'm no critic and can enjoy a film for what it is but this was the most slapped together garbage I have ever seen .
 Sad to see films like this mess get the backing of the studios when little films of far greater significance and value lie in languor . This story -LRB- bad guys in a foreign country get close to atomic capabilities that would threaten the world until one turnaround soldier man saves the day and the globe -RRB- has been told so many times that the audience can sing along . The use of a lot of night shooting is obviously well considered as there is n't much to see anyway.What happened to the Wesley Snipes who used to make really interesting films ? Obviously the producers felt his star power could drive this dud as the remainder of the cast is unknown -LRB- though many seem to be really fine actors without the benefit of a script -RRB- . Thought about not wasting time reviewing this film , but then on the other hand , if enough people speak out about the bad movies that just keep coming down the pike , perhaps the studios and theaters will begin to pay attention . Grady Harp , October 05
 ` Marksman ' is not as bad as you might believe after reading so many negative reviews ... well , at least , what the film is struggling to be is not that bad . The problem is , you need much more money than is spent here , to make a decent action film based on this script , which encompasses a wide variety of action film elements that have been seen in such films as ` Behind Enemy Lines . ` Wesley Snipes plays `` Painter , '' a laconic , sullen , and deadly special agent who is sent to a nuke plant in Russia with other elite soldiers . He must set a homing beacon for the missile attack AND save the life of the seven American scientists held as hostage there . ` Marksman ' is surely a slick action film , but `` slick '' here merely means it does not spend too much time on Painter 's past activities in Bosnia , or the relation with his ex-lover and senior officer played by Emma Samms . Fortunately the film has no lengthy flashbacks or anything that might delay the actions , and I personally find no problem with their acting or casting . The idea of US military officers speaking with British accent is not very effective even in the direct-to-video actions , but you can just stop paying attention to it.The real problem is the film 's unimpressive actions . They include several explosions , air battle , shoot-outs , and a tank running wild after a poor Russian , but none of them really works . I hate to say this , but the action sequences are mostly thrill-free , with terribly edited shots borrowed from action scenes of other better films . See for example the dogfight that tries to be as exciting as summer season blockbusters , but you know it only disappoints us when the film repeats the same footage , replaying the same cheesy explosion.Many other reviewers have already pointed out the numerous plot holes and factual inaccuracies of the film . No film can be totally from goofs , I know , but the countless goofs in ` Marksman ' and its badly edited sequences suggest that the film company either experienced a troubled production , or they just did not know what to do with its results . Either way , it remains true that ` Marksman ' marks the career decline of Wesley Snipes who needs another ` Blade ' very quickly .
 I have n't seen nearly every Wesley Snipes movie ever made , so I ca n't speak for his entire filmography , but in my experience , this is definitely the worst starring vehicle of his that I 've watched . Apparently , a lot of this one 's lackluster quality can be blamed on problems in production that hindered writing and shooting the flick , but I do n't think it had a lot of potential to begin with . Snipes has gone the direct-to-video , shot-in-eastern-Europe track before , butother timeshe had the luck of ending up with a halfway-decent flick . As luck would have it , this time it 's just a slow , dreary military-based outing that could have been made with just about anybody in the lead role.The story
 I dont use all caps much , but this one is well deserving of that title . What a waste of time . Let me break it down : Screenplay
 This is a low budget with a script that had great promise . This action-packed military movie stars Wesley Snipes and Emma Samms . Both of these actors do an ok job with what they are given to work with . Like another reviewer said , let us be thankful they did not try for any flashbacks to tell back-story in this film.The story line has the U.S.A. being tricked into targeting a fully functional nuclear reactor that was captured by Chechen rebels . And as we watch the missile being launched that will cause massive chaos for the region , if not the world , the Special Ops team led by Snipes figures out a way to stop the disaster from happening in an all to convenient and simple way . Still worth grabbing a bag of popcorn and checking it out from your local library .
 I wrote the draft for this after seeing the film , and before I read any of these reviews , so everything is genuine and from the heart , no intended copying of phrases . I was so miffed by the awfulness of it that I felt I had to commit to `` paper '' . I was looking forward to this after previewing the only wham-bam tankfire action in the film in a local AV store . How disappointing it is to buy the DVD and see the rest of the grunge that surrounds this thin sliver of central action . Stilted and wooden performances from po-faced and chisel-chinned actors and actress , who genuinely seem to be enjoying their roles - NOT ! Not surprising really , as the script and screenplay seem like they were written in a school project exercise -LRB- into plagiarism -RRB- . The same old cliches you 've seen a thousand times before in hero/military machine/incoming missile made-for-video B-flicks are just whizzed round in a blender . Why on earth there 's the -LRB- literally -RRB- running theme of `` Here 's Wesley darting through shrubbery again '' , I 'll never know . Must have fallen asleep at some point . Will the DVD player ever forgive me ? Must redeem myself and put on Black Hawk Down or even Behind Enemy Lines once more . Sorry player .
 This movie is ABSOLUTE NONSENSE ! Comes complete with bad acting , unbelievable plot , bad music , low budget effects , etc. . There is nothing entertaining about this film ... nothing ! The writer and director should suffer a slow , painful death for this . If it came on TV you would change channels within 5 minutes ... Enough said .
 Perhaps Mr. Snipes talent has diminished . This is the second movie that is totally garbage . The other movie -LRB- 7 Seconds -RRB- . Save your money and time . This movie is not worth it !!!!
 I saw his preview and liked what I saw and got it via Netflix . . popped it in my dvd . . within FIRST min . . I stopped it and took it out . . Only reason . . this movie . . TOO CHEAP to add the feature for close caption or subtitles for deafies like me . . Forget it . . if thats the way they want . . No more renting any movies from this movie production company .
 One of the worst movies made in the last 100 years .
 Simply put , this is a bad movie . Low budget . A script with as much substance as smoke . I was given this movie . I am going to give it back .
 Like other reviewers , I pulled this one off the shelf because I enjoy watching Wesley Snipes.Mistake.Usually if a movie is bad , I 'll shut it off immediately . This one was SO bad that I could n't turn it off ... it was like watching a train wreck . The editing was horrible . I 've seen better stuff on YouTube . Actors would be in one position , then a moment later , they 'd be in a completely different position.The story-line had HUGE gaps in it , and spent time introducing events that had little/no relevance to the overall plot . And then there was some allusion to some romance between Snipes ' and Emma Sams ' characters that made absolutely no sense.Worst of all , if I was an Army Ranger , I would sue this production company . This movie made the Rangers look little better than Keystone cops . I actually laughed out loud at two lines which I 'm quite sure were not intended to be funny . -LRB- `` What 's your name ? '' and `` I 'm outta here ! '' -RRB- Absolutely ridiculous movie.Skip it .
 The Marksman misses on all points . This movie was so bad that I had to prop toothpicks under my eyes to keep myself awake . Snipes has apparently signed a multimovie contact with Castel Films -- the same outfit that fatso Steven Seagal now works for -LRB- keep in mind too , that Seagal now denies he makes films with Castel , he knows they suck so bad -RRB- . The story was ridiculous , the combat was silly -LRB- I love the fact that military stock footage was spliced into the film -- if anyone looks closely you will see scenes that originally appeared in TOP GUN and US NAVY SEALS !! -RRB- , the acting was so stupid it seemed that Wesley was falling asleep himself through scenes , and where -- just where did they get Emma Sams for this ? What pile of washed up actors did they scrape her up from ? She delievers her lines like she was still learning acting in high school . Not that the script helped either!Snipes ho-hommed his way through this film and obviously did it for the cash , possibly to bail himself out of the multi-million dollars he owes the government in back taxes . He really would be better off giving up acting and taking the nightjob at the 711 near my house . I 'd love to speak to him and find out -- just how did he fall from grace !?? Shame on you Wes ! Give it up already !
 BAD , BAD , BAD ... . Does not deserve the one star i gave it . poor acting , cheesy lines and a dismal plot . Infact I found this film so intresting that half way through I reallised that I had missed 10mins while thinking about a good film !
 I resent the comment of the reviewer who said this is the worst film in 100 years . I make it 200 . The other reviewers have noted the idiotic factual mistakes that makes this such a howler . I just loved the U.S Air Force personnel with Scottish and English accents . They must have overrun the $ 500 budget at that point .
 This is my fault im writing this !! I read the reviews for this film before i watched it , and i had seen the tralier but being such a huge fan of Blade 1,2,3 and all his other movies i thought they cant be true !!!!!! ... how wronge i was :-LRB- Theres no need to go all into it , its been done before . Its just bad , so so so bad !!
 Maybe he needed the dough ? Whatever it is , this movie along with the other one he made -LRB- 7 Seconds -RRB- are pretty bad , 90 minute standard-action crapola .7 Seconds was better than this one , but whoa the stench rotted my entertainment center for days.Sorry Wesley . For what it 's worth ; your not a bad actor . But your agent is selling you off to the lowest bidder -LRB- Incase you did n't know already -RRB- . Good luck
 I fell asleep twice when watching this . There is very little dialog but a lot of background music . Which makes it very boring . I was surprised to see Wesley Snipes in this kind of roll . Save your money go buy some pop tarts and milk .
 The movies lacks a wide screen aspect . The transfer is the worst I 've seen on a DVD , with scratchy and gritty sound . Not recommended .
 I like Don Johnson most of the time . This is not one of those times . . Just not a very good movie . Just not very engaging . A fair amount of action but after I watched it , I had to look at the back to remember it . Enough said .
 I first saw this film in a theater on a double bill with Alan Parker 's `` Mississippi Burning . '' John Frankenheimer 's `` Dead Bang '' is simply another forgettable action movie.Cop Don Johnson goes after a group of neo-Nazis . `` Dead Bang '' is one of Frankenheimer 's more inferior movies . As a Frankenheimer film , `` Dead Bang '' is n't as poor as `` 99 and 44/100 % Dead '' and `` The Holcroft Covenant '' but that is n't saying a whole lot ; Frankenheimer has n't made one great movie since `` Black Sunday . '' This film came out during the last season of Don Johnson 's TV show `` Miami Vice '' and Johnson basically just plays Sonny Crockett on the big screen . `` Dead Bang '' has a few good action sequences but this one element ca n't save the film . The film is n't particularly exciting or interesting . In one particularly crude and unnecessary sequence , a cop is shown vomiting on a suspect.Like William Friedkin and Brian DePalma , Frankenheimer is a once great director who lost his edge . I am sad that the director of such brilliant movies as `` The Manchurian Candidate '' and `` The Birdman of Alcatraz '' has fallen to making crass movies like `` Dead Bang . '' `` Dead Bang '' is nothing more than a foul-mouthed and forgettable action movie . The film is only for big Don Johnson fans and those who merely want to see violent action .
 The film opens with a man looking at a pile of past due debts . Jerry Beck is a divorced policeman who has a restraining order . Then we see an armed robber shoot a store owner , then a policeman , when he escapes . Beck is sent to search for suspects in these killings . One name is on the top of the list , so Beck tracks him down , but Bobby Burns gets away.Another scene show more bad guys robbing a canti & ntilde ; a and shooting the customers . The sheriff calls Jerry Beck to report this because of the wanted notice . When they go to investigate the robbers attack them with machine guns ! -LSB- Too exaggerated ? -RSB- These robbers are part of a white supremacy group . Beck traced them to Oklahoma -LRB- a long way from California and Arizona -RRB- . More action occurs , but not much happens.Beck 's actions cause him to be treated by a psychiatrist to determine his fitness for duty . -LSB- This is the comic part . -RSB- Reinstated , Beck goes to Boulder Colorado to investigate the `` Selby Ranch '' . This a military operation does n't find Bobby Burns there . But the search continues , they find a secret tunnel . There is a shoot-out , a surprising finish , and the good guys win in the end.The basic idea for this film is good , but this plot could have been better . It was n't serious enough .
 I do n't know what provoked Don Johnson to use his spare time from `` Miami Vice '' to take part in this fairly repellant film . He should have fired his agent . His Detective Jerry Beck character is one of the more unsavory protagonists to ever grace the silver screen . When Beck vomits on a perp you get the feeling that the only place `` Dead Bang '' has to go is up . The only thing that redeems Beck is that he is allegedly better than the cartoonish white-supremacists that he is tailing . The film also wastes the talents of Tim Reid as a sherriff , William Forsythe as an uptight FBI agent , Michael Jeter as a police psychiatrist who Beck intimidates , and Penelope Ann Miller whose sole purpose in the film is to share a perfunctory bedroom scene with Johnson . About the only thing that redeems this film is that director John Frankenheimer stages a fairly decent showdown scene with the supremacists in the catacombs of an Aryan church .
 I bought this DVD at a sale at my local video store last week because a -RRB- It was cheap . b -RRB- I had n't seen it before . c -RRB- Being a Frankenheimer movie I had moderate expectations that this movie would be halfway decent & d -RRB- The plot actually sounded quite interesting . John Frankenheimer has made some very good movies throughout his long career as a Hollywood director among them THE TRAIN -LRB- 1964 -RRB- SECONDS -LRB- 1966 -RRB- BLACK SUNDAY -LRB- 1977 -RRB- & RONIN -LRB- 1998 -RRB- . He 's also made movies where `` awful '' seems too nice a word to describe them . Among these of course we have PROPHECY -LRB- 1979 -RRB- ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU -LRB- 1996 -RRB- & in between those two there is Frankenheimer 's 1989 movie DEAD BANG.Don Johnson plays Detective Jerry Beck , a down and out cop who refuses to play by the rules and is disliked by his peers , whose latest case involves him running up against a gang of white supremacists . The movies script by Robert Foster is basically a blueprint of cop movie clich&eacute;s . There 's one minor problem
 `` City By The Sea '' commits what is , in my opinion , the worst cinematic sin of all
 I missed the cinematic release of this movie , and really rushed to view it on DVD when released , after seeing the trailers . Sadly for me the concept of the film and script seemed to part company after about a third of the way in , and began to point toward an all too predictable ending . DeNiro plays a street wise , tough respected cop of many years , who reflects with melancholy on the demise of his childhood vacations , and home life in the title location , now turned into a run down haven for drug addicts , bums and criminals . A long standing divorce and estranged son , add to his already overburdened lack of inner peace along with the revelations of his fathers criminal past , played in flashback sequences . The movie revolves around these attempted sub plots , and his lack of knowledge about his sons fall from high school football hero to petty thief and drug addict . The two inevitably cross paths when the son is accused of a murder , and the investigation falls under the auspices of DeNiro and his long time partner . DeNiro must then juggle his loyalties whilst upholding his beliefs , and attempt to seek the truth at all costs . Sound 's great , does n't it ? - well I thought so too , until about half way into the picture , when I found myself really not caring about it all , and just watching for the sake of it . Like so many great actors , DeNiro really should find solid material these days , instead of just churning out `` formula '' like this , Not an awful movie by any means , but rent before you buy !
 I was really looking forward to this . De Niro usually does good pictures and refuses the stinkers . But I was really let down by film 's ending . It needed to wrap up 4-5 of the storylines that it started . The viewer is left to make up his/her own ending and guess what happened to all of the rest of the characters . An episode of Law and Order tells as good of a story and does a better job of dealing with the details .
 I struggled to watch this film because it had pretty good actors , but a very bad , dull and boring plot . The excitement level was at zero , and so was the suspense . The director and producer of this film did a very bad job , and made this film difficult to watch . The trailer was so good for this movie , but the movie was nothing like the trailer . I can describe this movie with one word ... BORING !
 This film is disappointing , considering the acting talent used in it . The story is about a cop whose son gets into some trouble , and is supposedley framed . His father , the cop -LRB- DeNiro -RRB- must try to stay within the boundaries of his job while at the same time clear his troubled sons name of the crime . It is not very suspenseful and the end result , regardless what avenue they take , is dull . There is no wonder for who really committed the crime , who framed who , or who will come out the victor in the end of the movie . It just falls flat and it 's to bad that DeNiro wasted his time and talents being in this film . If you want some great crime drama films that push this to shame , try recent movies like Along came a spider , Man on Fire , or Collateral . Deeper plots without the predictable outcomes .
 I thought this movie would never end . It just kept dragging on . This was not a good roll for Robert DeNiro . I was expecting action and adventure but all I got was drooping eyelids .
 Okay what would be the nicest thing to do here is keep to the positives -LRB- oh if only I could do that -RRB- . The actor who plays Kareena Kapoors father does very well and is the only truly good performance in this movie . Kareena Kapoor must of just been bored out of her mind . She probably thought this movie would go differently than it did . Frankly was n't that impressed with her performance in this . The crocodile -LRB- alligator ? -RRB- scene is beyond stupid . Hrithik did what he could with the material given to him . I 'm not picky , I read so many novels and watch so many chick flicks it 's absurd and even I could n't get real enjoyment out of this movie . The cinematography in London was 1980 's pure MTV grainy disco but in India not bad . The houses were pretty and the countryside nice . The songs were pretty good , some real good . Those are the only positives . This movie feels forced and contrived with no real flow to it . The hero 's oppressive parents are wooden and have either over the top or PATHETIC DIALOGUE that feels like it 's read off a prompter with less emotion than you would use in a hemorrhoid commercial -LRB- another pain in your butt -RRB- . I get the feeling Hrithik wanted to walk over to the writer and punch him in the face and then walk back to his mark on the floor and wait for the word action to be screamed . He was probably using that as his motivation for the enraged scenes . If you want to see Hrithik in a heartbreaking romance movie with better acting try GUZZARISH . Then there is Dhoom 2 for his dancing and stunts . For romantic melodrama piece try him out in MUJSE DOSTI KAROGE , tear jerker with better script . I have only been watching bollywood for about 3 months now and seen about 50 films from the 1990s and forward . I bought 9 Hindi films from Amazon last night . Yes I love bollywood drama 's , comedy romance , costumes dance , music , slapstick , all of it ... as long as it 's well written . It would be an insult to all the really good films out there to give more than two stars because others are much more deserving . I 've never written a negative review before , Sorry ... . Sorry I wasted 3 hours on this film .
 In 1989 , O.J. Simpson pleaded no contest to a charge of beating his wife . In a radio interview the ex-football star would rationalize his violent behavior toward her by saying , `` We were both wrong . `` The political documentary PATRIOCRACY seems to want to excuse away the one percent 's continued assault on the 99 percent with the phony if widespread premise of the far right and far left failing to meet in the middle to solve America 's troubles . As Jim Hightower puts it , policymaking is about up-down , not right-left , the wealthy 's attempt to continue stealing from and dominating the masses being the real problem of America , and the world . Yet PATRIOCRACY pulls an O.J. , redefining reality in order to make the victim as much to blame as the perpetrator . Thus , we see interviews with too many political hacks -LRB- Alan Simpson -RRB- and discredited think tank pundits -LRB- Pat Buchanan -RRB- but too few with citizen activism leaders . PATRIOCRACY feeds us false equivalent after false equivalent , likening M.S.N.B.C. host Ed Schultz to FOX NEWS CHANNEL 's Bill O'Reilly as if their opposite political views mean they both lie as often . By this logic , the extreme takes on the environment of 350 . org and the gas & oil industry means neither is to be trusted . Or because Wall Street and the Americans who lost their homes to the mortgage scandals see things so differently , both sides are wrong.Then there 's the purported polarization in Congress , PATRIOCRACY making it sound as if Republicans and Democrats both refuse to budge . Look up how many Democrats voted with George W. Bush and the Republicans , then look up and how many Republicans voted with Barack Obama and the Democrats.Notice that the tragedy of the Gabriella Giffords shooting PATRIOCRACY reports is the result of divisive scare talk by one pro-one percent talk shows . No acts of violence have been inspired by people 's radio and television hosts such as Thom Hartmann and Randi Rhodes , not that PATRIOCRACY even mentions them.The film further discredits its premise , recounting Tea Party kooks crashing town hall meetings in the summer of 2010 . There are no such dupes on the 99 percent 's side of the argument.Nonetheless , PATRIOCRACY wraps up with a few good ideas to solve the problems it has so poorly defined , addressing the need for campaign finance reform and even recommending the citizens ' group Common Cause .
 Travelers who find lodging at the remote Motel Hello are treated to the delicious beef jerky of Farmer Vincent -LRB- an aging Rory Calhoun -RRB- , proprietor of both the inn and a popular line of smoked meat products . These transients only take their leave as a supplemental ingredient of the latter concern 's victuals following subjection to the husbandman 's sophisticated processing methods ! As his distant location is seldom advantageous in lure of vacationing victims , the enterprising old rustic 's ingenuity gives rise to numerous booby traps set to ensnare potentially delicious motorists.Motel Hell 's comedy is chiefly droll , occasionally hilarious ; as a horror picture , it 's never terrifying , though frequently disquieting ... some exiguity of suspense hardly mitigates its palpable dread . Even so , the movie 's cleverer elements surmount neither its myriad flaws nor dragging pace . So much hayseed 's humor would seem more apposite to a Dukes of Hazzard episode , and Lance Rubin 's lightweight score might well have been recycled from an installment of Amazing Stories . An ill-conceived romantic sub-plot further slows the story 's rate to a wearisome shamble . However , its gory , farcical , maniacal conclusion is very nearly worth a long wait theretofore . This was co-written and produced by the brothers Jaffe - Steven-Charles and Robert , sons of producer Herb - so one can only wonder which was the more inventive and who the duller of the two ; as Robert adroitly adapted Dean Koontz 's Demon Seed to the cunning screenplay of Donald Cammell 's film version , I 'd lay wager that he 's to be credited with most of Motel Hell 's imaginative atrocities.Calhoun 's standout performance alternately exudes charismatic geniality and furious derangement ; he was aptly cast in a role exploiting his capacities for both charm and malice . Porcine Nancy Parsons seethes unnervingly as his malicious , manic sister , Wolfman Jack plays a lascivious televangelist with tongue firmly planted in cheek , and Gwil Richards and Toni Gillman vigorously gnaw their every scene as a perverted married couple . Unfortunately , the cast 's remainder are best likened to a cord of winter lumber - especially charmless Nina Axelrod as the requisite distressed damsel.Appropriately , Tobe Hooper was to helm Motel Hell and would surely have produced a more exciting , amusing feature had Universal Studios not abandoned the project and reassigned him to direct The Funhouse . A shame , that
 `` Motel Hell '' is quite a difficult film to gauge . It is referred to as a horror-comedy , but that description is n't very accurate , as it is more weird than funny and more macabre than scary.The story revolves around a couple of hoteliers -LRB- played by Rory Calhoun and Nancy Parsons -RRB- , who have a side business selling fine smoked meats . But what makes the meats so good is the terrifying secret ingredient of human flesh.I have to say , going into this film , I was n't quite sure what to expect . With cannibalism being a factor in the film , you might be expecting a lot of gruesome scenes . Yet , surprisingly , there is very little in the way of graphic gore to be found . The story is also a bit odd , in that there are some scenes that seem to drag on , yet give you little in the way of a pay-off . Also , most of the acting is fairly poor . Whether this is due to the lack of skills of the actors , or a case of a script that gives them little to work with , I ca n't really say . The side drama about the love triangle involving Terry -LRB- played by Nina Axelrod -RRB- and the brother of the cannibal farmer , who is also the town 's Sheriff -LRB- played by Paul Linke -RRB- , is little more than a strained -LRB- and sometimes dull -RRB- attempt to set up the final conflict between the brothers . Although , the film can boast of being an early work for actor John Ratzenberger -LRB- who would go onto heights of television fame on the series `` Cheers '' -RRB- . Unfortunately , he gets very little to do in the film -LRB- including not a single piece of dialog -RRB- being nothing more than a victim to be killed . Director Kevin Connor never really seems to bring the story to life , until towards the very end . And if you have n't found yourself engaged long before that point , it probably wo n't much matter to you . The cinematography is fine , but it feels like it would play better on an old drive-in screen , than on your television , which is probably only fitting , as the film was obviously geared for such a venue.The only things that save this film from the scrap pile , are the last 20 minutes of the film and the solid performance of Rory Calhoun as the cannibalistic farmer . He manages to make you believe both his down-home country manners and his twisted psychotic reasoning in killing people for food . His performance stands high above anyone else in the film . And the final battle at the film 's end also brings a spark of life to what , up until this point , has been a very strange and slow-moving tale . When Calhoun 's character comes out wearing a pig 's head and wielding a chainsaw , it is truly a sight to behold.As I said at the start , `` Motel Hell '' is a hard film to figure out . It 's not really good and looks extremely dated today , but neither is it total crap and completely uninteresting . Die-hard horror buffs might want to check this one out , but I highly doubt many others would have much interest in this cult film . It really is an enigma in the world of horror cinema .
 I 've seen this film three times now and every time I see it I ca n't help but fantasize about how wonderful this movie would have been if it 'd been written and directed by John Waters and starring the cast of PINK FLAMINGOS . Can you just imagine how great Divine would have been in the Ida Smith role!As it is the whole thing is just kinda so-so . So boring and so slow moving . Farmer Vincent kills travelers and makes them into meat to sell to other travelers . I understand that this is suppose to be a dry , black comedy but it 's just too dry for me . It 's kinda like a mix between EATING RAOUL , MOTHER 'S DAY and SLAUGHTERHOUSE .
 This film is in the horror section ??? It 's more of a comedy with hardly any shock factor . A waste of time .
 Leonard is lost in space - this is a B-classic of all time . You have to see this one - it has been a cult classic in our family for many years . Rory looks like he is on chemotherapy , and the sister on fatty meat 's therapy - by the way - she is the gym coach in Porky 's . It is so tongue in cheek that even the kids can enjoy the `` Meat 's meat and we got ta eat '' mentality . It ought to be remasterd in DVD - it was printed on the old laser format . Watch the guts fly in the last scene . The garden is a neurosurgeon 's fantacy - only heads to work with.B . Neely , Neurosurgery , Austin , Texas - this a warped flick for warped minds .
 The concept of making a ghost movie presents filmmakers with a quandry . Since you 're dealing with completely unrealistic subject matter -LRB- apologies to any goofball readers who believe in ghosts -RRB- , you 're allowed virtually unlimited latitude in coming up with ways to present the supernatural . So , let those creative juices flow ! Yet if you 're going to assemble a coherent film that holds up to repeated viewings , you need to establish at least a loose set of rules governing the ghosts ' actions . Otherwise , instead of a film you end up with a series of somewhat-related creepy scenes strung together.This is the problem with both Poltergeist II and III . The second installment at least had the advantage of cast continuity and a plot that builds directly on the original 's Big Revelation . It does feel like a sequel -LRB- sometimes too much ; inserting clips directly from its predecessor seemed like a lazy way to frame the story -RRB- . They found the perfect creepy old man to play Kane , the evil deceased preacher looking to nab poor Carol Anne , and gave him a couple of effectively spooky -LRB- and funny -RRB- scenes . Yet , one wonders if he would have had more to do if the actor had been healthy -LRB- Julian Beck was suffering from cancer during filming -RRB- . They also employed some nifty gross-out effects that I remember fondly from my early teens.Unfortunately , that 's about all it 's got going for it . The story just kind of ends , almost sitcom style , once Carol Anne is retrieved . Looking back on the film , the freedom allowed by the nature of the subject matter had the same unfortunate effect it has on so many filmmakers . With their imaginations allowed to run wild , no rules are established and it seems like ghosts can do pretty much whatever they want , except when it would prove too much for our heroes to overcome . The ability to posess and reanimate a living creature -LRB- think tequila worm -RRB- seems wasted if all you do with that is get yourself ingested , incubated , and then barfed up as a slimy , skin-free double-amputee goop-monster . But maybe that 's just me.Poltergeist III suffers from the same lack of discipline , although I give the filmmakers credit for doing as well as they did given the tragic demise of Heather O'Rourke before they could finish up . Even if she had n't passed , I ca n't imagine this mess moving beyond saturday-afternoon cable quality . The few nifty effects involving mirrors seem to be the entire reason the movie was greenlighted , and its relation to the first two Poltergeist films is purely a marketing ploy . Change Carol Anne to Judy Sue and Preacher Kane to Random Disturbed Spirit X and the film really does n't change much.Again , encounters with the spooks follow no rules whatsoever ; they can do whatever they want . . unless they ca n't . They can physically assault you . . unless they ca n't . They are flesh-and-blood with decaying Swamp-Thingish arms . . unless they are n't . They can trick you as perfect imitations of family members . . until they talk in evil voices , at which time their faces go all evilly too.Yes , I know , I know . . this is how ghost movies work ; they throw lots of `` spooky '' stuff at you so your date will grab your forearm in fright . At least , that 's how lazy , by-the-numbers ghost movies work . Hey , my 7 and 9-year olds liked it , so that 's something . And that sums up my review . . not terrible , certainly inoffensive , and strictly for the kiddies .
 Collecting both Poltergeist sequels on one disc , neither Poltergeist 2
 POLTERGEIST 2 SHUT OFF WITHOUT FINISHING THE MOVIE HAVENT WATCHED 3 YET BUT AM DISSATISFIED WITH THE SECOND MOVIE NOT FINISHING THE SHOW .
 Poltergeist II-This relatively harmless sequel lacks the originality of its predecessor , but is overall entertaining -LRB- and gross -RRB- . Supposedly there were several cuts made to the film which might account for one question I have always had
 While both of these movies largely ... this disc is worth owning for JULIAN BECK as KANE . BECK was known as a stage performer and I believe POLTERGEIST II is his only film . Hands down his performance is the most effective thing about POLTERGEIST II . The film is unfortunately covered in a thick veneer of family unity and ridiculous sentimentality . Wading through the cutesiness of POLTERGEIST II is a chore.There is also no reason given for the dissapearance of the DANA , the older sister from POLTERGEIST . Of course the actress was tragically murdered by her boyfriend after POLTERGEIST was released so that is why she is not in it.H.R . GIGER designed a lot of interesting images for POLTERGEIST II that were not used or were abandoned ... or simply executed poorly . The family swimming around on a blue screen on the `` OTHER SIDE '' is also fairly nauseating . Especially when the white robed ethereal grandmother -LRB- GERALDINE FITZGERALD -RRB- brings little CAROL ANNE back from THE LIGHT . UGH.Truly , JULIAN BECK 'S frightening performance as KANE is the highlight of this film.POLTERGEIST III features another actor in the role of KANE and was also HEATHER O'ROURKE 'S last film . She died from complications from an intestinal blockage that she 'd aparantly had since birth . She was on a lot of medication during the shooting of POLTERGEIST III and that is why her face looks so puffy during a lot of it.POLTERGEIST III does feature some truly amazing mirror effects , but it is overall a really bad and confusing film that simply never ties up all of its loose ends . It is also the only film in the series where a character actually ends up dead due to those bad ghosts.POLTERGEIST III was shot without any optical effects and it really shows . Considering the first two films were very FX heavy ... the budget constraints are very apparant in this one.ZELDA RUBINSTEIN is the best thing about this final POLTERGEIST movie . She really camps it up . The ending is one of the more stupid wrap-ups in all of film history . `` KANE ! I CAN LEAD YOU INTO THE LIGHT ! `` Whatever .
 I hate when movie companies put two movies on one cd . I hated the sequel to Poltergeist , but I actually liked the third one . So in order for me to get Poltergeist 3 on dvd , I have to get the movie I did n't like just to see the movie I want . Ugh !
 The Battle of the Alamo was about slavery and territorial expansion . Those that died at the Alamo were racist slave owners .
 Some guy that produced , directed and edited and composed the background music of this video called Stanton on the phone . A 20 minute interview was conducted over the phone . For the video there is some looping content of lights flashing in the sky at night .
 Some guy that produced , directed and edited and composed the background music of this video called Stanton on the phone . A 20 minute interview was conducted over the phone . For the video there is some looping content of lights flashing in the sky at night .
 Sorry guys , but after all the hype that was building up to the initial release of the Blue Lion Collection here , I am extremely disappointed about the final product here.OK , first of all I was a big fan of this show back in '84 and ' 85 ... but that was when I was only like 10 or so . So , weigh that in with what I have to say below.So 20 + years later , even after restoration , the animation in this series just does n't hold up . From the crudely animated environment to the pencil like drawings of the lions and Voltron , to the terribly animated mouth movements , the animation is just horrible compared to the 3D enhanced animation we get today in modern animated shows like Justice League and other mainstream anime series . Oh , one note about the restoration itself . If this is restored , I 'd hate to see what it was like prior to restoration . It still looks pretty bad , IMO.Another thing I find disturbing is the juvenile dialogue . Very childish dialogue on top of very childish voice-overs . I mean it 's not even funny . It 's like the scrounged the bottom of the barrel to get these actors to voice this show . I guess I 'm just spoiled now that modern animated show get some top voice actors to give life to the characters.I bought this collection with the intention of buying the whole set , but after struggling to get through the 15 episodes , I 'm not gon na waste any more of my time or money on this badly aged series . If I may say so myself , the packaging is the only redeeming feature of this set . Shame the series itself is n't any better.Now , if they were to ever release the 3D CGI animated version of Voltron , I 'd buy that set in an instant . That one was for a much mature audience . Hopefully it 'll see the light of day soon . IIRC , it was only 26 episodes or so , so a 4 disc set would catch that one .
 I remember loving Voltron as a kid . So when I saw this I jumped at the chance to watch it . I did n't even finish the first episode as I was so bored . I love the animation style but the story and acting were just flat and uninspiring.For die hard fans only .
 This was a bum deal . I had spent hours finding the DVD 's I would purchase for my summer shopping . Then I was directed to something `` new '' -LRB- Amazon 's online DVD service -RRB- . I happily made my purchases and was all set to show my kids some nostalgic video . The day that I clicked `` play '' I get a `` your out-of-country status disqualifies you from watching the video you have purchased '' . I usually read the Agreement plans carefully . Even when in a hurry , I usually read the BOLD print . So how did this one slip by?I resent Amazon for not adequately notifying me that my purchase would not be delivered .
 I was expecting this TIN DVD case to be 3D like ALL OF THE OTHERS in the series . I have bought 1 through 8 and 2 through 8 are 3D but collection one was NOT . What a gip . I was expecting more.The DVD quality is superb along with the sound . Animation style aside it looks like it was made yesterday.My only complaint was the tin was not 3D .
 This review is mainly aimed at people who , like me , watched Voltron as a kid , thought it was the greatest thing ever , and are interested in watching it again just to see if it holds up . It is * not * aimed at hardcore anime fans , who will probably think I 'm stupid , unenlightened , etc.To those in my `` target '' audience thinking about watching Voltron again , let me just tell you -- do n't . Let your happy memories live on , unspoiled , for all eternity . Because if you watch it , you will be sorely disappointed.I just finished watching the first disc , and I will not be watching the others , because now , with 20 + more years of ... life , I guess , now Voltron just seems to me like one long , extended ad for toys . Every time I hear them say `` we need all five lions to form Voltron ! '' , which they do , over ... and over ... and over again , I see little 10 year old Jimmy -LRB- which is not my name -RRB- running to Mom saying , `` Mom ! I need all * five * lions to form Voltron ! I 'll * die * if I ca n't make Voltron ! '' What makes it especially crazy-driving is that it 's not only the good guys , or `` space explorers '' saying we need * all five * lions blah blah , but the Evil King and his Witch also repeatedly blather on about all five lions -- they REALLY want to hammer this message home to Jimmy.In addition to my little Jimmy scenario , there are so many problems with the actual cartoons , I do n't know whether to laugh or to be sad . First , the plot is just awful , bordering on non-sensical . The action sequences are repetitive , and also make no sense . The characters are ... cartoonish . The dialogue might be the worst aspect of all , if it were n't for the music , which is so bad that it makes me want to drive metal spikes through my ears.Now , before you go thinking I 'm some kind of cynical old hater -LRB- which may be true , but does n't mean I 'm wrong about Voltron 's general suckiness -RRB- , let me just say that this is Act III of my nostalgic tour of 80 's anime , and previous Acts were much better than this drivel.Act I was Robotech , and much to my surprise , Robotech held up astonishingly well . Robotech is so good , on so many levels , that even by my tired old man standards , it 's still awesome . It 's possible that I think better of it now than I did as a kid , that 's how impressed I am.The thing about Robotech is that there are some themes in Robotech that are clearly meant for adults , and that were simply beyond my processing capacity as a snotty kid . For example , the whole Rick-Lisa-MinMei triangle was incredibly annoying all those years ago -- back then I wanted them to get to the battles already ! -- but now it 's ... well , it 's kind of touching and sad . Also , the fact that soft-power -LRB- i.e. culture and the arts -RRB- plays such a central role in the defeat of the overwhelming hard-power -LRB- 5 million ships ! -RRB- in the 1st Zentradi invasion ... Seriously , there are planners at the Defense Department who should be required to watch Robotech for this reason alone.Sure , there are problems with Robotech . Some of the action sequences are repetitive , but not to the extent of Voltron , where there 's just so much filler , I think I 've worn out the fast forward button . Some -LRB- OK , all -RRB- of the music is 80 's cheesy , but there 's more variety in the music , so it 's not quite as bad . But overall , the Good in Robotech greatly outweighs the Bad.Act II was `` Inhumanoids '' . Long story short , it 's meh . M-E-H , meh . I 'm not horrified that I watched it again , but I 'm not dying for more.Anyway , this is long enough already , so let me just reiterate that if you are in my specific target group for this review , my strong advice to you is to let sleeping dogs lie . Do n't go tainting your happy memories of Voltron , like I did . You 'll be sorry if you do !
 I was so excited to see Voltron coming to DVD . It was far and away my favorite show as a kid back in the 80 's and I could n't wait to see them again . Unfortunatly the novelty wore off before the first episode was even over . I know its a kids show but the voice acting is horribly annoying , they re-use the same animation sequences over and over , and the plot , well , its ahh ... really ... really ... stupid . Advise to rent disk one before buying the whole set -LRB- s -RRB- . Make sure you still enjoy it as an adult . Oh yeah , Thundercats is the same story , not as cool as you remember .
 I already had the basic version of the first set . -LRB- blue lionI bought all the rest of the collection in the tins . I decited to upgrade my blue lion to the tin set . The description said bonus features and more . I know what is in the other tins THAT IS NOT WHAT CAME . I got the exact same boring dvds BUT put in a tin . No thank you , I wanted the extras ... interviews and such ! Not very happy .
 I thought it would be better than it turned out to be -- It is hard to believe that it was a popular show for kids in the 1980 cause it is among the worst put together cartoon almost ever . But it is better to buy it via Instant Amazon than to actually pay for dvds that have to be tossed away.Too bad they do n't carry the Battle of the Planets -- much better done , though still tacky . Or better still - Robotech .
 the first edition version ... the metal tin is embossed . . and the inside is a digipak foldout that has the 3 discs and includes a booklet episode guide.the 2nd edition ... which is what they are selling now . . the metal tin is not embossed and the 3dvds come in a regular dvd case and does not include the booklet episode guide ... instead it has a booklet advertising other dvds!i suggest you look for the 1st edition.EDIT : i just recieved the 1st edition . . video looks very nice ... but about the audio . . the 2.0 sounds very meh ... i suggest you watch the episodes in 5.1 makes it so much better!i wish the default audio was 5.1 because its a hassle having to choose 5.1 everytime i watch it : P
 When the Voltron Collection One arrived it was not the same edition as I expected . Even though the Collector tin was part of this purchase the Collectors Edition was not inside . A Second edition release was inside and not the fold out collector 's edition.Even though this was the series I wanted , it is not the edition I was expecting to receive .
 I 'm a die hard Craig Ferguson fan and love and respect his comic gifts . . so it actually pained me to watch this movie ... a total waste of Craig 's lightning wit , genuineness , insightful personality and huge talent.My observation
 I really love Craig Ferguson . I read his book , I watch his show . I think he is funny + cute + charming . But the movie was just SO dumb . Perhaps I am thankful I saw the movie , because it helped me get over my Craig crush and move on with my life : P
 I bought this movie as a Christmas gift for my hubby as we are both Craig Ferguson fans . It was so dumb ! Not sure where all these good reviews are coming from .
 These discs are made on demand and are as cheap as you can get . There is only 1 home page option and that is play epiosdes and that menu looks like a 3rd grader created it . There are no chapters , if you hit the chapter forward button it will skip to next episode . There are no episode titles or summaries anywhere in the package and the episodes are NOT EVEN IN ORDER !!!!!!!!!!!!! Extremely dissapointed in the packaging of this short lived show I enjoyed .
 It was good to see Matthew Perry back on weekly series television . Sadly the show did not even last a full season . Happily it did make it to DVD . This DVD release has every episode even those not aired . And I am truly happy to have this show on DVD . What troubles me is the way it was slapped together . I have purchased MOD in the past but have never seen one so poorly produced . There is just one main menu . There is no way to select a specific episode other than hitting play and skipping ahead to the correct episode . There is also no way to jump to the next scene . In the end the quality is something I could have achieved on my home DVR . Very disappointing . But , if you are a fan of the show or Mr. Perry you will be glad to have these episodes in your collection . I rate this series as 5 star but sadly this release is 2 stars at best .
 They have a nerve charging $ 30 for this very poorly produced DVD - see review by D. Garza . What a pity that this goofy , delightful show is being replicated like a pirated dvd . It is a double pity that Mr. Sunshine was cancelled after 1 season . Each of the lead characters was both cast and written perfectly . This was one funny and unusual comedy that deserved a longer life and a professional DVD version .
 This movie was too gross and violent . The script was weak and the acting poor . It 's definitely not my type of movie .
 This was truly a bad movie . Bad acting . Bad filming . I woulnd waist my time if I were you . Thumbs down
 Yikes , I can not believe the other reviews - this movie was pretty terrible except for James Brolin who hardly appears in the movie . I found myself cringing when certain actors were about to speak . Silly script , consistent overacting by most of the actors , mood-breaking happy-a $ $ music - truly a B grade movie . For those who enjoy lampooning such things - you may enjoy it for that reason but stay away otherwise.On the positive side , the Thai scenery was pretty and the opening credit scene of coffee being made was beautifully done .
 It 's been a long time since I 've seen this film , and I remember it to be an engaging slapstick farce with Dick Van Dyke in top form as the title character , a descendant of the original Robinson Crusoe who , while on training mission , crash-lands on a tropical island . He must fend for himself while awaiting rescue , with only fellow castaway Floyd the astrochimp and a native girl he names Wednesday to keep him company . It 's a funny and fast-paced lark , and very typical of ' 60 's Disney product.Unfortunately , I can not recommend this version of the film for purchase at this time . Here are five reasons why :1 . Like `` Million Dollar Duck '' and `` Barefoot Executive '' , `` Lt. Robin Crusoe , U.S.N. '' is being released to DVD in a lazy , fullscreen version instead of the family-friendly 1:66:1 aspect ratio it was originally filmed in . As a film purist , I simply refuse to buy anything that is n't presented in the format it was originally filmed in . That Disney is dumping old films on DVD in the old fullscreen VHS format shows a total lack of respect for the filmmakers and the consumer alike .2 . I see no indication on the packaging that this film has been digitally restored . Therefore , I must conclude the DVD contains the same tired old print of the film that was originally released on VHS . Even more galling is the fact that the sound has n't been upgraded to stereo , but according to the packaging is presented in `` mono . '' I ask consumers everywhere
 In its entirety , this move is hilarious . The farther into it you go the more prejudice you see . The movie is laced with it . It makestribal people look like dunces and makes fun of their idol worship . It also make the white man look stupid . The theme iswomen 's rights all the way and the woman is the only one who is made to look intelligent . Do n't watch it .
 Except that it was the most racist and sexist version of Robinson crusoe I 've ever seen . So made it challenging to watch
 A friend recommended this . I shared my copy of Thomasina for him and his children , he reciprocated with this for me and my 9 year old grandson . He got the better deal.Where to list all the things wrong with this ? It is a cheaply made , cheesy , limp , insulting , vaguely racist and stupid film , with so many qualities lacking and so few going for it . And though my grandson pronounced it good , he barely laughed . Dick Van Dyke 's bumbling and stumbling got tiring in about 3 minutes . Could this knucklehead have been a Navy pilot ? I sure hope not!Obviously lots of folks like this . I did n't . I wo n't go into more detail , but this had the look and a feel of a quickly tossed together product with virtually no thought , care , or plot-consistency put into it . I would pay to not watch this again !
 This is an absolutely delightful movie for the whole family with the king of physical comedy , Dick Van Dyke , in the starring role . I have purchased this DVD and found the video to be fairly digitally crisp , something unusual for Disney 's typical practice of Live Action `` digital dumping '' . The movie is rich with lush verdant island scenery and brilliant colorful special `` fireworks '' effects towards the end of the movie . Walt 's vision was always to give the movie goer a visual treat . -LSB- ... -RSB- If you have the tape avoid as usual but if not , the DVD is 1 star for P&S but 5 STARS for the movie !
 Disney usually makes good movies . Dick Van Dyke usually makes funny movies . The US Navy usually chooses the films it will work with carefully . None of these is true in the case of this film.VanDyke plays a naval aviator who bails out over the South Pacific after an engine fire . He goes into survival mode on a deserted island . He is aided by an abandoned WWII Japanese sub which serves as his `` Wal Mart '' , a marooned chimpanzee who found the same island after a space shot and an Island girl fleeing her tyrannical , head hunting father . The film is full of Rube Goldberg type gadgets to make life easier and the sub is always handy to provide for every need . The fight against the head hunters is lame and the hero does not get or want the girl but treats her badly . She does n't take it too well either . The chimp is the only decent character.Stay away from this one .
 This movie was requested by my husband to watch it . It was alot of fun but since the movie is too old there is alot of glitching .
 I tried to watch this movie for 2 days and it kept locking up or would stop all together . I have never seen this movie -LRB- and still have n't -RRB- . My family and I like Dick Van Dyke wish we could of seen it.No review at this time .
 Movie Mars advertised the movie as closed captioned so , since I am hearing impaired , I took their word forit and ordered it . It was NOt closed captioned so I feel I wasted the money . I was unable to understand thedialogue but was able to tell the movie wasnt the masterpiece I had heard it was . Not bad though by any means.I probably would give it a higher rating if it had been closed captions as Movie Mars led me to believe it was .
 This title is not the Criterion issue , it is from Reel Enterprises . They put their logo `` RE '' in large letters in the lower right corner of the screen during the film.I paid for this DVD and should not have to watch an ad from some film distributor while I am trying to enjoy the film . `` My Man Godfrey '' gets 5 stars but putting an ad on the DVD or some low rent copy protection gets it one .
 This `` remastered '' edition came WITHOUT shrink wrap and it had a clearly photocopied cover . It looks and feels like a bootleg . The disc was not silver . But the worst part is it wo n't even play ... choosing anything from the menu takes you ... right back to the menu ! That could be a fault with this specific disc , but still highly frustrating.I chose this version based on others reviews and was very dissappointed . Definitely not worth $ 19.95 , or even $ 1 in my opinion . I really ca n't believe Amazon is selling a DVD like this.If you really like this movie bite the bullet and get the Criterion version .
 Do not buy this DVD ! I am very familiar with this movie as I own a VHS copy , so I immediately noticed the missing scene . If you know the movie , it is the scene when Irene goes to Godfrey 's room and he lectures her on certain `` proprieties '' and she becomes hysterical and tells him `` You 'll be sorry ! `` This is a great screwball comedy , a must see for classic movie fans and it is a disgrace that this company released the movie so carelessly .
 Beware ! This version is terrible . It is another Madacy travesty . One review here is for the Criterion version , which I hear is restored and worth the extra money . In this version the audio is not as bad as some Madacy transfers but the video is terrible , whites blooming all over the place , almost unwatchable .
 I thought this was going to be the good one but alas , the restored quality is really lacking . The picture is wobbley and over blown . And the additional bonus of Life With Father is a pure joke . I could n't even watch the picture it was so badly drawn . Here 's my advice - save your money and buy the Criterion Collection edition . This was one sad purchase on my part .
 The film itself is teriffic , but get a different version of this movie than the `` Critic 's Choice '' one . It 's black and smudgy and incredibly difficult to see . `` Digitally remastered '' means absolutely nothing in this case . Spend the extra few bucks and get a better copy of this film .
 The B&W version I bought from Amazon.com was fine - good drama comedy . However , was disappointed in the color I bought from you next as there were glitches in the colorized version and also missing parts in this version . Maybe the next `` color batch run '' version will be better . If so , I 'd like to trade in the last one I bought .
 My Man Godfrey , 1936 filmThe film begins with a view of a dump in midtown Manhattan with the hobos living there . Society people drop by to find `` a forgotten man '' for their scavenger hunt . There is a hitch for Cornelia . The rich play their senseless games . -LSB- Satire ? -RSB- Miss Irene Bullock wins the prize ! Godfrey is hired as butler , we see their big mansion and the owners . -LSB- The film starts to drag here . -RSB- We learn about Madcap Cornelia , her character , and the rest of this family . Spoiled rotten ? -LSB- Are the scenes outdated ? -RSB- What about propriety ? The song `` Ochy Charnya '' was popular then . `` Everybody will be sorry someday . '' We see the people at the tea party . An old friend of Godfrey appears , we learn more about his past in Boston . There is a surprise announcement from Irene . Has the family gone mad?Godfrey Park tells Tommy why he disappeared from his Boston family . `` A Park Avenue brat ? '' Did Godfrey drink a lot ? Will Cornelia play a dirty trick ? The police are called . Mr. Bullock detects a false note , and sends the police away . It was n't insured . Months pass , the daughters were in Europe . -LSB- To avoid their society ? -RSB- The story continues . Godfrey decides to move on . Is it love that makes Godfrey put Irene in the shower ? Alexander takes charge to tell the bad news . Godfrey appears as a savior and explains what he learned . And so he departs . -LSB- Believable ? -RSB- Will there be a happy ending for the forgotten men ? Or a surprise for Godfrey?This would be a good film if it had a better story to match its performers .
 i purchased this film because actor matthew broderick said it is the best comedy ever made . ugh ! i can name dozens of films better than this ! i have no problem with the seller ... the movie just bored me to death ! give me frank capra or preston sturges !!
 God save us from the dysfunctional and unfunny group in this outdated film . Not even the normally watchable William Powell can revive this old wheeze . And the whinging , whimpering and wailing of Carole Lombard is enough to make one homicidally inclined long before the flick is over .
 Godfrey is introduced to us as a homeless man who is given a job as butler to a rich and silly family in Depression America , the 1930s . The younger daughter of this family `` falls in love with him '' , if you can describe her silly infatuation by the word `` love '' . It turns out that Godfrey is in fact an obscenely wealthy scion of an upper class family.The premise is unrealistic . A wealthy young man does n't move to the Bowery or some other refuge for homeless men . It 's a silly bit of fantasy . I prefer some realism in my entertainment.They seem to be taking swipes at upper class Americans , and yet , apparently for Godfrey to be good enough for this rich twit , the script writer has to make him an upper class rich man too . I suppose it does n't do to have a `` mixed marriage '' , meaning a working man , a butler , with the daughter of the wealthy . I guess that would be as inappropriate as a black-white marriage in the 1930s . The comedy is n't funny , the characters are meaningless caricatures , nothing is really said of any importance , there is no real social statement made , and the whole movie is guilty of mediocrity . I do n't remember one good laugh in the entire hour and a half.To emphasize how dumb and unrealistic the movie is , it ends with Godfrey deciding to marry the twit for no reason at all . He clearly does n't love her , and there 's no reason why he should . She is a load.There 's a certain mindset that would strongly applaud this movie . Those who like light `` comedy '' that is n't funny , and who revere the past even when it is mediocre and just plain dumb.The script was written by someone with no talent . There are no real people here and there is nothing funny going on . I fail to see any redeeming social value to this nonsense . We 're just offered obvious lines and a dopy story . No creativity is shown here.Obviously anyone on this site will give my review a thumbs down , but then again , I do n't think your taste is demanding enough . I think you are taking nonsense for quality , and I do n't do that . Go on , cast your vote against my review . You all will .
 Unfortunately Criterion has -LRB- again -RRB- cornered the market on a classic film and no other DVD of reasonable quality exists . This DVD , overpriced as all Criterion entries are , is a disappointment . The restoration is not particularly good , with fuzzy resolution and distortion around the edges in many scenes . The sound quality , too , is well below par for a premium-priced DVD . Compare this disk with the superb DVDs of `` Sunset Boulevard '' -LRB- Paramount -RRB- and `` All About Eve '' -LRB- 20th Century Fox -RRB- . On both of these disks , the picture and sound restoration , as well as the bonus features , far surpass Criterion 's `` Godfrey '' at a far , far lower price .
 We purchased this item for a Christmas present for a family member . We were shocked , dismayed & humiliated for giving a gift that was worthless . How can Amazon sell a product that is so obviously damaged . You ca n't enjoy watching it because it is interrupted with huge black out splices & other poor repairs to the film . The sound seems on hyper speed so hard to make out the dialogue . This is nothing more than a mutilation of the original . Again , DO NOT buy this product .
 I was excited to get a copy of this movie with the deleted scene included , which is critical to appreciating the story . I did not expect such poor picture quality , which came through as very grainy and blurred . Guess I will be shopping more carefully in the future .
 I had hoped for a better transfer , but no such luck . Quality is not markedly better than my old VHS version , and it is * missing a scene * which is in the VHS version -LRB- where Powell kicks Lombard out of his room , telling her that as his `` sponsor '' it will reflect badly on her , and thus on him ... -RRB- . This is particularly annoying bacause the later interchange between Lombard 's character and Molly -LRB- the cook -RRB- makes reference to Powell 's action , which on the DVD version now has no context . Very disappointing , since this is such a wonderful movie .
 `` My Man Godfrey '' is one of my all-time favorite movies . But check your TV listings and record it from the TV . It will be one of the rare times when a late-night TV rerun gives you a more complete movie and better quality than the DVD . This DVD has at least one missing scene . One very important scene is when Irene goes to Godfrey 's room and Godfrey tells Irene that she must never enter the butler 's room again . This is a crucial scene because later when there is jewelry missing everyone rushes into Godfrey 's room , but Irene stands outside at the doorway . Another bad thing about the DVD is the picture is all washed out . This very excellent five-star movie is a 2-star DVD .
 Do n't buy this one ! Nice example of the 30 's screwball comedy genre . But this particular DVD version -LRB- My Man Godfrey -RRB- is badly flawed by the insertion throughout the whole movie of a `` bug '' in the lower right of the picture . The bug is `` RE '' which evidently stands for `` Reel Enterprises , '' the copyright owner for this version . Why would they deface such a good movie by inserting such a distraction ? Surely not for the publicity ; I 'll never buy another product from Reel Enterprises .
 The movie rocks . The DVD does not . The sound is bad and in some parts of the movie the heads are cut off ! Its like one of those movies you down load that have been taped in a cinema!Honestly this movie is so good it deserves a better viewing than the one this cheap DVD offers.I have learned my lesson !!!!
 This is a great movie . However there is an annoying RE logo in the bottom right corner throughout the whole picture . The only reason we do not return it is that it only cost $ 8 ... Some day a more professional version will be available and we will purchase it .
 As a previous customer-reviewer noted , the Madacy Entertainment DVD release of My Man Godfrey is flawed . Overall quality is not much better than the VHS version , and several scenes are so washed out as to be practically unwatchable . What 's worse is an entire missing scene . Did n't anybody * look * at the master ? Does n't anybody give a damn ? Perhaps this is the wave of the future , companies like Madacy Entertainment , engaged in a business about which they know little and care less . A disgrace .
 Yes , this is one of the best screwball comedies ever made and it is a shame that Madacy has released such a bad version on DVD . The Madacy version has an important scene missing and a bad video transfer . I look forward to the Criterion edition , reportedly in the works for 2001 .
 I have had a VHS version of this movie for some time that looks just fine . It appears that the DVD makers found the worst film print available to transfer for this DVD version . It is such a disappointment . Buy the VHS or wait for the DVD makers to do a proper transfer .
 I was so disappointed in the DVD ! A scene is missing , hence some retarded editing . The look itself is pretty bad -- the whites are almost blinding in a couple of scenes . Aside from really bad cropping -LRB- missing heads -RRB- the worst is the horrible sound . The sound is no better and perhaps worse than the VHS copy . Thankfully I got a good price on this DVD -- thanks Amazon for putting it on sale because I would be really irritated had I paid full price for it.Advice to potential buyers
 I really like this movie , so I was very disappointed in the DVD . I do n't know if it is from a poor print or if it 's a technical problem , but it was n't watchable . Every white area was blindingly bright completely washing out all detail . Even turning the contrast on the TV all the way down and the brightness as far down as possible did not completely mitigate this problem . The releasing company should be ashamed for putting this on the market , even at such an attractive price .
 This title does not have JUNE ALLYSON in it!Why is she listed for this version ??? AMAZON you need to fix this !
 A brilliant movie with great perfomances but spoiled by at least one major missing scene and numerous washouts -LRB- almost going to full-screen white -RRB- . I would love to purchase a decent transfer of this movie so I hope someone takes the trouble to find a decent original next time . They are out there because public television shows them occasionally
 This is my second try with this movie . the first being a very cheap one , with predictably bad quality . This issue , though , is not only just as bad -LRB- low resolution , excessive contrast -RRB- but also , 3X the price . Also , it 's a burned disc -LRB- sometimes called a blue disc -RRB- and will not by some reports last as long as a commercially produced CD .
 This must be the VERY WORST film-to-video transfer I have seen in 20 years . The image is murky . Half the time , heads are cut off in mid-forehead . It 's as if the upper and lower 15 percent of the movie were simply chopped off . The sound is clear , but the image ? I would never , ever , ever , ever , ever , EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR buy this product EVER AGAIN.The company which is foisting this horrific transfer off on an unsuspecting public , Big D Entertainment , claims that although the film has been digitally remastered , it has been done so to keep the `` experience of viewing early cinema intact . `` This is an outright lie . This simply means that the viewer has to be satisfied with a rotten film print , transferred poorly to DVD , and then poorly digitized.This DVD is similar in appearance to those pirates who sit in the back row of a theater and videotape a major motion picture . It 's that poor.DO NOT BUY .
 wow . perhaps it is because it is a different era , but the acting is so ... predictable and wooden and narrow.The rich folks are all silly boars , the poor folks all kind hearted and intelligent . The over-acting of the family that hires Godfrey , even in a comedy , appear to be caricature 's of a Marxist fantasy of wealthy life . The shrill , psychotic characters might be funny , I guess , in another era ... I found it grating , boring , and childish . Skip this one .
 This film is one of the best films of all-time and ages very well indeed . This is because the subject matter is timeless and despite being a comedy brings forth its poignant message about what it means to be truly rich very well indeed . Powell and Lombard have such good on-screen chemistry as well and how both actors did n't with the Oscar that year is beyond belief.The content is brilliant but unfortunately this DVD version by Madacy is very , very poor . There are no Special Features to speak of and both the picture and sound quality is very poor too . I note that there is another version out there that includes both the original black and white and a colourised version which is the one I would recommend as I 'd expect both the sound and visual qualities to be a lot better than what they are here . This movie is a true classic and certainly shows that the Best Picture winner of the Oscar is n't always the true best picture of the year and like any true classic , this one stands the test of time and is one that I can see myself viewing many times over the coming years without ever tiring of it .
 THE ONLY COMPLAINT WAS THE BLANK AREA ON THE MOVIE TOWARD THE END . IT WAS REPLACED AND THE SECOND ONE HAS THE SAME PROBLEM . I DECIDED TO KEEP THE SECOND COPY AND LIVE WITH IT.OTHERWISE , I WAS SATISFIED ... HOPEFULLY THIS MOVIE WILL BE CHECKED AND THE PROBLEM IF ONE EXISTS WILL BE CORRECTED .
 There is a slasher killing rappers and amazingly enough the cops are out looking for the guy . Two policemen take on the case . Good cop , Det. Johnson -LRB- James McDaniel -RRB- a black man who knows very little about rap and the white Det. Francelli -LRB- Michael Mosley -RRB- who is curiously a walking rap encyclopedia and also plays the `` bad cop . `` The slashing is mostly at the beginning of the film . At this point it turns into a lengthy who-dun-it with street interviews for filler material and a Spike Lee message . The production attempts to roll but then sputters on dialouge . The film needed to properly space out the killings and a more thrilling way to connect the dots . Like so many 21st century African-American productions , this film was long on dialouge and short on action . Some acting would have helped.Parental Guide
 I thought this was a movie . It 's a crazy man rambling on about this ufo mission he was supposed to make.I think this guy needs help .
 I 'm just going to be very careful while browsing . THis TV show can be seen on many TVs and Netflicks ... my mistake .
 This is nothing more than an advertisement for flu shots directed at children . You get what you pay for on this one !
 I could n't stand the sound of the guys voice . Its raspy and sounds like an older guy with a New York accent .
 I think this is for children which I do n't have so deleted it from my Kindel . Was not age appropriate for me .
 Sid the Science KidIf I could give this less than 1 star I would ! Never completely downloaded to my device . It got 9 minutes into the download then said `` download paused '' . I clicked options and selected `` Make active download '' , but nothing happened . I 've also selected `` cancel download '' and still nothing ! I am able to stream it , but that is useless to me as I wanted to download it so that my son can watch it on long car rides . There is n't even an option to delete it from my library , so now I 'm stuck with it ! SO glad this was free , now I know not to waste money on other titles !
 I bought this based on positive reviews.Pros
 All about getting the flu vaccine ... says its the only way to protect from germs and be healthy . No mention of side effects or ineffectiveness . haha . FAIL !
 My children enjoy Sid the Science Kid , so they were thrilled to find an episode on Amazon . I thought it was strange that there was only one free episode , and the fact that I was able to keep it in my library was stranger , but I did n't give it much thought beyond that . Once we started watching , it all made sense.This episode is nothing but pro-vaccine propaganda , aimed at young children . It 's goal is to indoctrinate our children , making them believe that they are not healthy or safe from disease if they are not fully vaccinated.As a parent who has made an educated decision not to vaccinate my children , this is not a message I appreciate my children receiving from a cartoon . My guess is that the target audience is children who 's parents have merely neglected to keep them up to date on their vaccines , as opposed to those who selectively vaccinate or purposely do not vaccinate at all . Either way , I was not okay with my children watching it , and when I realized what was going on , I promptly turned it off .
 The animation was odd . The movements of the characters was weird . It is public television type material , and you 'll pick that up as soon as the first note plays on the shows intro . But , none of that really matters when it was being played for a kid . So , what did the kid think ? That it was boring . Had to turn it off after only 2 minutes cause my kid kept trying to turn off the TV just to stop the apparent torture I was putting him through by watching this show ! For us , this show stunk . For you , it might work ... if what your looking for is a sleep aid .
 Dad 's an idiot , mom 's the smart one - much the same complaint I 've heard about the Berenstain Bears , but with an attempt at race thrown in
 Not a fan of this , even though there are a lot of people out there who are . I just do n't get it . Pretty much everything JHC has done has been brilliant ... until this.One of the things I dislike about this show is how Sid talks like someone with a developmental disorder . I know there will be overly sensitive people out there who will call me `` rude '' , `` insensitive '' , whatever , but that 's really what it sounds like to me , folks . I really put my foot down when my toddler , who had a very well developed verbal skills , started talking like Sid , with the stutters and inflections , and all - just like Sid . Made me cringe . So , yes , IMO the vocal talent is terrible.The animation is probably the worst part of the show , however -LRB- once again , IMO -RRB- . Remember when JHC pioneered in puppetry ? Long before the days of incessant CGI , we had one lonely crusader in Hollywood who kept the torch lit brightly on how to make live-action characters , instead of falling back on cheap computer graphics . I was floored when I realized this was JHC . Without knowing what 's going on , it seems to me the current owners of JHC are merely cashing in on the companies name while putting out sub-par product that pales in comparison to the creative genius it used to be.Once again , that 's just MY opinion folks . Do n't get all bent out of shape over it ! I know there are many rabid die-hard Sid fans out there who ca n't help picking fights with people who have anything bad to say about this show . But you need to get over it . Maybe you should all watch the episode about respecting other people 's opinions , eh ?
 Death in Venice seems to me to be one of the most pointless films ever made . Moreover , it 's probably the moist -LSB- sic -RSB- pointless
 Viewed
 `` Death in Venice '' is a film so constipated by its excessive self-importance that waching it is like trying to pass a ton of coal . In other words , it is an abysmal failure . Like some sick Frankensteinian experiment , three great artists - Mann , Visconti , and Mahler - are fused together into an impenetrable blob of meaningless pretention . The result ? A cinematic disaster much more disheartening than the average bomb for the mere fact of its potential , for this is truly an unwatchable sum of some very intriguing parts . I am by no means attacking the slow nature of this film . I am , in fact , an avid fan of the long take -LRB- I love Herzog films -RRB- . But in `` Death in Venice '' , the excruciating pace did more to alienate me as an audience member than enhance the story 's drama . Never have I been so acutely aware of my need to urniate as when watching the last half of this film , thinking it over ever five minutes only to be forced back into viewing Hell as this lifeless corpse died its slow , slow death . In the end , the best thing I can say about `` Death in Venice '' is that the amount of tortured squirming it had me doing in my seat probably increased my `` calories-burnt-while-sitting '' rate .
 Luchino Visconti is one of my favorite directors of all time ! I usually love to watch his movies . Films like `` The Innocent '' , `` Ludwig '' , `` Senso '' and `` Conversation Piece '' I think they are all great movies . Each one of them is very enjoyable to watch . So I want everyone to keep this in mind . It 's not that I hate `` Death In Venice '' , it does have it 's good points . There are many things that standout about this movie , that I will never forget , and I mean that in the best way possible . Visconti 's directing is as usual wonderful . I think from everything I 've seen by him , this might be his best movie as a director . We can picture him directing this movie . The acting by Dirk Bogarde is very good too . I also enjoyed him in Visconti 's `` The Damned '' . The locations are wonderful . There are some real beautiful scenes here . I think the music by Mahler is very pleasant to listen to . I especially love the opening credits . I think it 's one of the best I 've ever seen -LRB- no joke ! -RRB- . But even though I can say these positive things about the movie , it does have it 's own faults as well . I 've never read the novel from which this is based on , nor do I intend to ever read it . But , the character played by Bogarde remained , to me at least , such a mystery . There were times I did n't understand his character . And , I could n't quite get his fascination with the young boy . Was this suppose to be a homosexual love story ? He clearly found the boy appealing . That 's in the tagline for the movie . '' A man obsessed by ideal beauty '' . The boy represents `` ideal beauty '' , but why ? I know that may seem like a dumb question to some , but , I never quite got it . Why did HE have to represent it ? And if you read the back of the cover it states `` he abandons himself to a secret passion . '' Besides all of this , I did n't feel we got to know Bogarde 's character very well . It 's been some time since I watched the movie , but I do n't remember hearing him ever talk about his family . I do remember a scene where he kisses a picture either of his wife or child . I did n't warm up to the character enough where I felt I went along with him . I never opened up to him . Now , was it like this in the book as well , or did this happen in the screenplay ? I do n't know . I have some respect for this movie , because of my admiration for Visconti , but this is a movie I usually never watch . ** 1 \ 2 out of *****
 I saw all these glorious FIVE STAR reviews below ... one right after the other ... and so I rented the film . All I can say is ... did I rent the right movie ? Sometimes they have more than one movie with the same title.I thought the film was supposed to be about the intoxication of beauty but Mr. Bogarde spends two hours looking at some skinny pasty-faced kid who seems to have the personality of an amoeba . The best scene was at the train station when Bogarde was leaving this wretched waste of time ... but they lost his luggage and he did n't leave and then he sat down and then he smiled.I know what he was smiling about . That he was getting paid lots of money to be in such a bad film and he could go out and buy lots of things.Mr . Bogarde is married to Marisa Berenson and Miss Berenson is just plain bad luck
 this is the worst movie I have ever seen . it was painful to watch the whole thing . the only reason I did end up watching it was I was a captive audience in a film class . this film has no entertainment value at all . I do n't know what is wrong with the rest of these people here that like this . this film is the biggest piece of trash I have ever seen .
 This is a beautifully shot yet slowing-moving movie based on the much better Thomas Mann novella . The best part of the film is the cinematography and settings in Venice . The actors are fine -- despite occasional overwrought yelling and screaming -- but are n't given much to do . The plot concerns a composer who falls in love with the adolescent Tadzio , who looks like a cross between a Greek god and David Bowie in his Ziggy Stardust years . The film 's major fault is its extreme slow pace . The camera moves about lazily and long stretches pass when no one speaks . From time to time , we are given flashbacks of Aushenbach 's life in Germany , but they are mere flickers of memory and not fleshed out at all . What we see mostly are shots of Aushenbach walking around Venice in a feverish daze . Again and again we see him look longingly at Tadzio , and we can , to some extent , feel his pain
 Warner Bros strike again - ruining yet another cinematic masterpiece for DVD by ineptly encoding the audio as only Dolby Digital `` 1.0 '' - instead of `` 2.0 mono '' or `` 2.1 mono '' as most studios with half a brain -LRB- and an ounce of concern for their customers -RRB- would have done . Very few surround sound systems would have a full range centre speaker , and even if they did , they would find the audio on this DVD lacking in quality and presence . I was so annoyed with the audio that I found the DVD unwatchable in it 's original form . Today I went to the trouble of doing a DVD-R copy , accepting the fact that the video would degrade slightly , but I ran the audio as downmixed 2 channel mono through a graphic equaliser to adequately boost the lower frequencies . I wo n't ever buy a DVD again which has its main audio track limited to Dolby Digital 1.0 and I recommend others do likewise .
 I think the film is too etherial in its approach to the subject . . and avoids the real pathos ... Bogarde is too young for the role ... and his makeup was distracting ... Alec Guiness would have been perfect ... Noble but tragic . .
 Sitting through two hours of this film is sheer torture , because it is terminally boring . It is based on a novella in which not much happens , and perhaps if it were a 90 minute film it might have worked . Despite the length and camera shots lingering over detail if you 're expecting to see much of Venice you will be sorely disappointed . I think Visconti 's interpretation of Mann 's story is off the mark . First of all the character , Gustav von Aschenbach , is a writer , not a musician , leading a markedly solitary life . The story begins in Germany , where he takes a walk and decides to go on a trip . None of that is in the film . What is in the film are element that do n't appear in the story . There are flashbacks of a wife and child who passes away but there is no child in the story . In the story it is only briefly mentioned that he was married , had a brief period of happiness , and that his wife died . The emphasis is on a man leading a solitary life . In the film there are also flashbacks of a pointless , obscure discussion about the meaning of art that do n't appear in the story at all.In the story Aschenbach 's attraction to young Tadzio is much more subtle . In the film it is overwrought . The hotel scenes are visually captivating , but excruciatingly slow for modern viewers . It works more as an evocation of Mahler rather than Mann . There is a short documentary called `` Visconti ` sVenice , '' that treats the director with dubious awe , which is the only basis on which one could possibly approach this film as a masterpiece . It is n't . It is a pretentious bore .
 I enjoyed Mann 's short novel when I first read it , so I was naturally anxious to watch this film version , which was so widely acclaimed . The movie had the curious effect of reducing my appreciation for the novel . Visconti 's film is a respectable work of art , mind you , but if there is a way to film _ Death in Venice _ successfully -LRB- and there might well not be -RRB- , this is not quite it . The protagonist is inexplicably metamorphosized into a Mahler-like composer instead of the Mann-like writer of the original , apparently to help justify the turgid Mahlerian soundtrack . The Reason vs. Emotion conflict that was implicit in Mann 's work is here rather crudely brought to the fore by the repeated scenes of Aschenbach arguing with a colleague about art . I found the cinematography jarring , and the movie of necessity proceeds with glacial speed . The result was that after watching the movie I realized that Mann 's novella was in fact a much more slight piece that I had thought . It depends on its highly elliptical style to create an atmosphere . By making it all explicit , the movie revealed that there was in fact much less to Mann 's little story of pederastic infatuation than I had thought .
 i bought a dvd the sound is not good the dvd was about $ 3.50 . im not happy as to return it i have to pay postage which is more than the dvd
 This is a very mediocre Salsa Dance DVD and the price is too high . For starters , the colors used in filming this DVD are very depressing and this guy -LRB- the instructor -RRB- would not shut up ... you ca n't even hear the music . All you hear is one two three , one two threee ...
 This was , in my opinion , the lamest Marx Bros I 've seen -LRB- have n't seen The Big Store yet -RRB- . The brothers timing was all off and the material was just lacking . You 'd a thought Marx Brothers at the circus HAD to be great but the boys just do n't seem into it as if their minds were elsewhere . Lines were not delivered with passion , especially Groucho . Just for reference , my fav 's are Cocoanuts , Duck Soup and HorseFeathers . I even got a pretty big kick out of Go West -LRB- TIM-BER -RRB- . I did n't really care for Monkey Business , though .
 This film appears to have been done with little or no rehearsals to fine-tune the comedic timing , and it suffers for it.Glimpses of genius surrounded by pap.Put it on the bottom of the Marx Brothers list .
 I have n't seen all the Marx Brother 's movies , but I think I can speak with confidence that this is their worst . `` At the Circus '' is a weak movie about the Marx Brothers trying to save a circus from going bankrupt.It 's such a disappointment to see lame humour and weak jokes coming from the Marx Brothers , but I suppose every star makes a bad movie at some stage . `` At the Circus '' does have a few good scenes but even they are n't up to the usual Marx standard . It 's worth a look , but do n't expect too much .
 I am a huge fan of the Marx brothers . I own all of their movies except `` Love Happy '' and `` At the Circus '' . They both stink . It 's not the acting , it 's the writing . The story is really terrible , and the Marx brothers do n't have the same energy they used to . They are in their late 40 's to early 50 's . It 's really sad to see how MGM ruined them .
 Though it has a few classic moments , notably Groucho 's rendition of `` Lydia the Tattooed Lady , '' the lackluster `` At the Circus '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- ranks among the Marxes ' worst films . A contributing factor to the depressing atmosphere is the annoying presence of romantic lead Kenny Baker , whose terrible songs and insipid `` Oh , boy ! '' cheerfulness have no place in a Marx Brothers film . It 's sad to see Groucho , Harpo and Chico brought down by poor material as well as a lack of creative input . Harpo , in particular , is diminished by the MGM gloss . Not even Margaret Dumont 's presence can salvage this half-hearted attempt at comedy .
 I feel like the director and the actors owe me my time spent watching this trash back . Do NOT waste your time on this garbage .
 At first sight `` The Liquidator '' looks like a throwback to '70s revenge action with a Jason Bourne-like hero . But , with a hero whose own deeds and motives are called into question when the law starts hunting him down , the film -LRB- produced in Kazakhstan -RRB- is obviously trying to be something more than a vigilante thriller . Unfortunately , the unique concept is ruined by the bland and clich&eacute; storytelling , as well as the poorly-executed action sequences.Arsen -LRB- Aitzhanov Berik -RRB- is a bodyguard whose journalist brother gets killed while investigating corruption among the social higher-ups . Arsen soon embarks on a vendetta against the people he thinks are responsible for his brother 's untimely death.The story itself is serviceable , but direction is amateurish . The story goes on and on , just following the events in the least exciting way , with no notion of rhythm or narrative flow . Except the final fifteen minutes the director does not even attempt to build up tension of action or drama . In short , the film is terribly boring.Vinnie Jones -LRB- `` Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels '' -RRB- appears as an unnamed killer , but his screen time is about ten minutes or less , and his role is a just cameo , good but nothing special . The film 's star is Aitzhanov Berik , who delivers a solid performance as the hero determined to avenge the murder of his brother . He deserves a better script and direction . In short , `` The Liquidator '' has decent production values and acting , but it could be much better with more effective storytelling .
 I have always been a big fan of GBV . After seeing them live close to 15 times and loving every show , I was excited to see that they had a DVD coming out . The quality is really bad . Half of the DVD is a jam session on someone 's porch and the other half is a live show . I would recommend the VHS video `` Watch Me Jumpstart '' over this without question . Bob Pollard still rules anyway -LRB- if you are a musician and want to see what the band is playing , the scenes on the porch might be useful to you -RRB- .
 DO NOT BUY THIS DVD ! This is the worst concert/band video I have ever seen ! And I like this band and it 's latest CD , `` Isolation Drills . '' Sound quality and video are amateurish , at best . You can not distinguish the dialogue from the background noise and the video looks like it was copied from copies on a decades-old VHS machine .
 What were GBV thinking when they allowed this garbage to be released ? I mean , I know they are a prolific band and have a tendency to release iffy material , but enough already . This dvd is a travesty , plain and simple . The only time I smiled at all while watching the main program is the moment from which the movie is named . One last question
 First , despite this being promoted as part of the usually excellent Fox Noir collection , this does not qualify as `` noir , '' not stylistically nor in terms of content . You 'll find no guns , no atmospheric lighting , no location shooting , and no seedy locales or characters . It 's a soap opera and a pretty poor one because there are very few moments in it that ring true . The primary problem is that Crawford is utterly miscast
 Few of Joan 's Crawford 's films were good . This film is not an example of a good one . First this is a bland soap opera through and through . It starts off completely dull and does not improve.The `` noirish aspect '' of this film is indeed present but Director Otto Preminger 's handling of the material is incompetent . The screenplay lacks focus and direction and all the characters except for Fonda 's are unlikeable . Fonda himself hated this picture and his role and only agreed to appear in it to complete his contractual obligation for Fox.The problem is one can not understand why Crawford would want Andrews who is as stale as cardboard . I agree with the reviewer who said that Crawford had no sex appeal -LRB- despite her being a nymphomaniac in real life -RRB- and absolutely no chemistry with her leading men . She is also unflatteringly photographed in a lot of scenes -LRB- you can actually see blemishes and her freckled skin -RRB- . Another problem is the question of why Fonda is enamored of her . There is nothing in the screenplay to explain his motivation or his attraction to her . Thus , the entire plot is unbelievable and as such , it does not impress because one feels no empathy or sympathy for the characters . A good movie makes one root for its protaganists . One could care less how this film turns out.The mood is atmospheric and the lighting is dark as film noir should be . That 's about as `` noirish '' as it gets . The film is worth a look if you have n't seen it but I know almost definitely that this is one film I have no desire to watch again .
 This so-so film is absolutely not a film noir and is boring and silly.I give two stars simply because it has Dana Andrew in it.I can not stand Crawford but Her fans will love it ! I thought Andrew and Fonda could save it ... NOPE !
 a mink coat . Angst ridden over Henry Fonda and Dana whats-his-name . Have n't we seen this before with other men ? She 's torn between the two , but of course , she 's some sort of artist and can withstand the agony . Have n't we seen this before with other men ? Until she flips over a car in the snow and walks back through the snow , THROUGH THE SNOW -LRB- this is tough going , and she 's wearing a mink coat and that 's the end of that ; it 's Crawford , no need for police and all -RRB- , and the besotted Fonda and Dana whats-his-name comfort her . She 's torn . I think somewhere in the film she drinks a cup of tea . I 'm not sure.I 'll have a scotch , thank you very much .
 Three new film noirs and a weepy double feature -- what more could you want for a late winter 's evening -LRB- or evenings -RRB- entertainment ? Some of the noirs are weepy , and some of the weepies are noirs , so it gets a little confusing . The one genuine , dyed-in-the-wool noir is 1953 's Dangerous Crossing , coming in at a taught 76 minutes . Jeanne Crain plans to spend her honeymoon on a luxury liner with new hubby Carl Betz ; problem is , hubby disappears within minutes of boarding , and all the signs point to him never existing . Kindly ship 's doctor Michael Rennie straightens it all out , with a goodly number of thrills along the way . Black Widow is less successful a noir , despite the starry cast of Ginger Rogers , Van Heflin , Gene Tierney and George Raft . Set in the celebrity driven world of the New York theatre circa 1954 , an ambitious young author uses her wiles to get ahead to little avail , as someone offs her halfway through the film , it 's a whodunit that degenerates into a who cares . The main characters are n't drawn sharply enough , and the plot seems oddly discombobulated . With the exception of Heflin , the stars are somewhat past their prime and seem , unfortunately , a bit seedy However , Daisy Kenyon is the pick of the litter , despite it being squarely a Joan Crawford weepy rather than a noir . A love triangle with Crawford , Dana Andrews and Henry Fonda deftly directed by Otto Preminger , one in a long line of her female leads making her way with pluck and honor in a man 's world . It 's black and white , it rains a lot , and there are some great atmospheric shots , but a film noir it ai n't . There are also vintage scenes of mid-century Provincetown , and former Cape resident Ruth Warrick plays Andrew 's beleaguered wife ; despite Preminger 's earlier great noirs such as Laura and Whirlpool , this really is a weepy . The weepy double feature from Universal consists of Portrait in Black and Madame X , both starring Lana Turner and produced by that sultan of excess , Ross Hunter . Hunter 's reality had little relationship to anyone else 's ; his was a world of the rich or near rich , beautiful or near beautiful , with lots of jewels and Jean Louis gowns , where there were no small emotions , only large , operatic , over-the-top scenes . Portrait in Black is a noir , albeit a noir in blazing color that his nothing to do with the low , cheap detective thrillers we all know and love . Turner and Anthony Quinn kill off her ailing husband Lloyd Nolan , and somebody knows their dirty little secret . Is it bubbly Sandra Dee , pert John Saxon , crusty Ray Walston or the ever mysterious Anna May Wong ? And , as weepy par excellance , little can be said about Madame X , other than a profound and astonished , `` wow ! '' Turner , as the poor but honest wife of super rich John Forsythe , is blackmailed by her evil mother-in-law , Constance Bennett , into leaving him and their baby , who , as he grows up to be Keir Dullea , might not be such a bad idea on the face of it . Later , Lana 's accused of murder and her lawyer is -- you guessed it -- Dullea , who has no idea that he 's defending his mom . You know , they simply are not making films like this any more . We may all be better off .
 OK - I have to admit that I 've owned City Slickers -LRB- original -RRB- both in VHS and DVD for years ... and really enjoyed it ! I have watched it with my younger daughter MANY times , and as other reviewers have said ... she loves it too -LRB- especially Norman -RRB- ! Yes , we have to sort of `` ignore '' the foul language ... and I do fast-forward through the calf birthing scene -LRB- faked , by the way ... but still gross for a youngster -RRB- . So I thought , `` Hey , we 've never watched the 2nd City Slickers ... '' and my daughter wanted to see it . So for the price , I thought I 'd take a gamble . This is NOTHING as funny , or as APPROPRIATE as the first City Slickers . The raunchy first half of the movie is disgusting ... gay jokes , sexual intercourse jokes , and none are funny at all . TOTALLY inappropriate for the younger set , in my mind ... actually inappropriate for the older set too . : -LRB- The second half of the film is just poor script . The lewd jokes are much less frequent , but so is any shred of a decent story . Come on ... the `` he 's right behind me , is n't he ? '' joke had to be thrown in this movie as nod to the great first one ... but the same joke told over , and over , and over again in this one ? And yes , I would have been able to suspend disbelief to believe that Curly was n't REALLY dead in the first City Slickers ... but making Palance out to be a twin brother , Duke , does n't come off in this story at all . I understand they were trying to connect the two `` brothers '' issues ... but it did n't play out well at all.Overall , I did n't hate this movie totally , but I certainly wo n't watch it again . Even for this price , I 'd tell you to rent it instead . The only reason I give it two stars instead of one is that I actually enjoyed TWO scenes out of the entire movie
 Why do they have to do it ? OK , I admit , `` City Slickers '' was great , but why do they have to try to capitalize on the success of a fist novie and make these sequels . And why do you , yes YOU the people who go and see them and rate them so highly , give them the encouragement . Witht he exception of the `` Star wars '' trilogy and `` Indiana Jones '' trilogy sequels never fail to disappoint ! This is the same old garbage withthe same old gags . `` He 's behind me is n't he ? '' Phil nods `` Yes ! '' with a vacant and stupid grin on his ugly mug . Oh please . We have n't heard THAT one before have we ? That was incedibly annoying ! Even moreso when we are expected to laugh at it ! `` City Slickers '' was a self-contained movie . It did n't need a sequel . So why do it ?
 Ranks right up there with `` Another 48 Hrs '' , `` Analyze That '' and `` Ace Ventura
 This sad sequel forgets the honest and genuine drama that was at the heart of the original film and replaces it with dopey , obvious jokes and contrived sentimentality . Mitch and Phil -LRB- Billy Crystal and Daniel Stern -- Bruno Kirby is nowhere to be seen this time -RRB- team up with Mitch 's brother -LRB- Jon Lovitz -RRB- and Curly 's twin -LRB- Jack Palance -RRB- to locate a fortune in missing gold . Expect jokes about snakebites on the butt and half-witted locals as well as manufactured action sequences and sappy male bonding . Crystal desperately grimaces his way through his middle-aged-cute shtick . Forget this one and watch the original again instead .
 trust a four star rating from the amazon users ever again . i feel violated in the non-lubricated way . i guess i paid for this movie on the satellite movie package , and I want my $ 0.034-ish back ! LOVED the scene in bed when mom called ... very cute . If you chuckled at that ... wow . So , I will be back to describe my `` feelings '' for movies like this or good books or whatever .
 A strained sequel . Too much unnecessary build up to nothing . The only thing I came close to appreciating about this saunter-through-boredom was Jack Palance .
 Spiderhole had the potential of being a memorable horror flick , but is weighed down by recycled story ideas . Four young London artists decide to squat in an abandoned home , where they ultimately find themselves trapped and at the mercy of a mysterious figure.The only redeeming aspect of Spiderhole are the visuals . The house is certainly creepy and foreboding , and the color correction of the movie is spot-on . Beyond that , the film itself just is n't that interesting . Spiderhole cobbles together ideas from horror movies such as Hostel and Shadow , with a musical score that 's noticeably patterned after the closing music from Saw.From the start , the film seems to go in a supernatural route , but eventually shifts to a slasher flick . Gore lovers will be disappointed , as moments of torture occur largely off-camera . It would seem that if you 're trying to appeal to Hostel fans , the last thing that you should do is tone it down . When one of the squatters has his eyeball removed , the scene comes off like a botched Penn & Teller illusion . It 's moments like that which suggest the director skipped out on the gore in Spiderhole simply due to a low budget.The worst thing about Spiderhole is the wasted opportunity for a chilling backstory . Only in the second half of the film are you offered glimpses of what fuels the mind of the movie 's antagonist , but it 's far from enough to satisfy the audience . The conclusion offers about as close to a `` twist '' as it can , but even that is too weak to validate the movie as a quality horror flick.There 's a semi-sex scene -LRB- no nudity -RRB- , an abundance of whimpering , and a tedious plot that will have you occasionally glancing at the time . The only reason I 'm not giving Spiderhole a single star is because director Daniel Simpson put together a visually interesting film . It 's the recycled story , wasted opportunities , and lack of gore -LRB- in a slasher movie -RRB- that make Spiderhole a flop . If you 're a diehard horror aficionado and can stream it online for free , it might be worth a watch . But it 's not worth paying a one-time fee for an online rental , in my opinion .
 Remake of THE RAINS CAME -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , which I have n't seen . I wanted to like this big Cinemascope soaper , and it started off promisingly with some acrid scenes between Lana Turner and her titled hubby Michael Rennie . Eugenie Leontovich -- one of those * Big * * Theater * * Name * - types I 've never heard of , who deigned to make only a tiny smattering of films -- was quite good as the Maharani . Unfortunately , there was no chemistry at all b/w Lana Turner and -LRB- brownfaced -RRB- Richard Burton ; she evidently could n't stand him and it shows . Their scenes were n't bad enough to be campy either , just sort of ... there . The fatal blow was too much screen time devoted to a sidestory of Fred MacMurray as a cynical drunk who 's pursued by a `` college-aged '' -LRB- but looked 30 -RRB- daughter of missionaries . Both original and remake titles emphasize `` the rains '' , but it 's an earthquake and dam burst that causes the 3rd act havoc here ; the model work is good but the blue-screen is muddy w / that annoying shimmery blue border . A yawn . 4/10
 Even the combined star-power of Rock Hudson and John Wayne ca n't save this tired rehash of far better similar westerns . The Yankee-in-Mexico plot has served as the basis for several classic westerns -- VERA CRUZ , THE PROFESSIONALS , THE WILD BUNCH -- but this comes up woefully short . The politics and conflicts are muddled to the point that it is hard to know just which side you 're supposed to be rooting for . The above cited classics made it crystal-clear which side was in the right , even if it seemed the Yankee heros were n't sure themselves . Steer wide of this , even if you 're part of the Duke cult .
 Disappointing team-up by John Wayne and Rock Hudson . Nothing much happens . You do n't need this one !
 Andrew V. McLaglen -LRB- the director of this rubbish -RRB- and Burt Kennedy -LRB- a contemporary who churned out equally worthless films -RRB- managed to kill the western genre during the late 1960s through the mid 1970s . These guys honestly make Kevin Costner westerns seem like masterpieces . THE UNDEFEATED typifies their magic formula of big name stars , no script , gunfights every 27 minutes , a blaring soundtrack , a little bit of slapstick , and a lot of bad acting . Add a touch of young love and NFL players who want to be actors and voila -- you have a memorable cinematic experience like THE UNDEFEATED!The only people who will find this entertaining are John Wayne fans -- who will have their loyalty to the screen legend tested by this film -- and those who still argue for the nobility of the Confederacy . This latter group are probably heartbroken at the film 's ending when Rock Hudson and company are not successful in establishing a Confederate haven in Mexico from which they can continue to fight for the valiant cause of the South . Alas . Rock Hudson as Colonel James Langdon embodies the prototypical Confederate hero who loves his slaves , loves the South even more , is a proper gentleman , and will burn his plantation estate before he lets Yankee carpetbaggers get their hands on his Eden . Bravo ! Perhaps my favorite scene is when Rock gives one of his older slaves his daddy 's gold watch . The poignancy is overwhelming . I guess the message is
 dont waste an hour or two on this clunker . this movie has good actors like Rock Hudson and John Wayne among others but dont be fooled by them it is simply one of their worst films so dont be fooled and dont waste a good hour or two .
 This movie is just pain crappy as a lot of John Wayne 's later films were . That does n't mean I did n't like John Wayne , he was and is one of my favorites , but this film sucks .
 I 've seen this film several times and I always find it disturbing because it strikes me as classic Hollywood in that though the Civil War is central to the film , at no point is slavery ever mentioned . Which is to say that the film turns on the reconciliation of North and South and their mutual interests , which come to the fore as they are fighting Mexicans . Though I must say that the scene with Wayne and Hudson swigging bourbon as they recount the war is entertaining , ultimately , the film 's unwillingness to explore the nature of their difference -- which could be their differing notions of whether people should be property -LRB- albeit John Wayne 's films generally portray his relations with people of color as paternalistic at best -RRB- , is left unexplored , as if the Civil War was some kind of minor family squabble that requires whites rediscovering their mutual interests to overcome . It could be that this is a film about honor , but it feels more to me like the usual Hollywood distortion of history .
 John Wayne plays John Henry Thomas , a Yankee officer . Rock Hudson plays James Langdon , a Confederate officer . Thomas resigns the Army as soon as the war is over , planning to go west with what 's left of the men he commanded and round up some wild horses to sell to the U.S. Army . Langdon loads his family and what 's left of his command into wagons and heads south to Mexico , figuring it 's better to work for Emperor Maximilian than it is to suffer under the carpetbagging Yankees during reconstruction . He sets fire to his house and barn rather than let it fall into the hands of the crooks who came south to get rich off southern misery.These two not only run into each other just the other side of the Rio Grande , they become allies against bandits and various misfortunes . I wo n't spell it out and ruin the story . But there has to be a romance , does n't there . John Thomas has his adopted son with him , a full-blood Cherokee . Langdon has his beautiful blond daughter with him . Three guesses what happens there.When they arrive at their intended destination , they find there has been a revolution , and their intended business with the Emperor will have to be adjusted accordingly . Of course , with brave men like Wayne and Hudson , everything works out eventually , right?A slightly unconventional plot-line , but a frankly rather average Wayne western for all that .
 What an absolute disaster . With a sin-promising title like WEEKEND WITH THE BABYSITTER I was expecting some seductive at first but then hot and sweaty topless/bottomless action . Instead I got something so painfully boring and drawn out that it might be did caused brain my damage permanent.If I was married to an abusive junkie and I miraculously got a weekend alone with the young freelovin ' babysitter I would definitely be doing something besides riding motorcycles and eating cheese omelets , but no not this guy . Jim Carlton is a stuffy wine bag movie producer and when he gets alone with the babysitter she takes him out on the town to see what 's really going down . You dig baby ? First stop they go to a hippie club and talk and talk and talk to some oh so cool hippies then they have a prolonged weed smoking scene with the hippies -LRB- `` Now this here is a joint . J-o-i-n-t . Joint . '' -RRB- then Jim falls asleep . Next day they ride motorcycles all day then * finally * we get to the beast with two backs ... I think , it was so slow moving and poorly shot that I could n't tell what was going on.And it just goes on and on like this until finally in the exciting -LRB- ha ! -RRB- conclusion Jim and his new hippie friends beat up the drug dealers that have kidnapped his junkie wife !!! Skip it .
 What a strange trip its been ... well at least for these actors who obviously never took an acting class ! As `` amateur films '' go it ranks in quality of direction with your daughter 's fourth grade play -LRB- no offense parents -RRB- , but watching the film is a sort of weird , perverse pleasure . We see heroin addiction among the rich , wealthy middle-aged men falling prey to teenage Lolitas , 70 's nudity `` a naturale , '' and a lame Hollywood excuse for promoting the smoking of pot . Nonetheless , I enjoyed the film because the story never seems to flag and moves at a fast clip . The ending is melodramatic and as what you would expect . Supporting cast are more credible the leads in this one . George E. Carey should have stuck behind the camera -- not in front of it . The female lead , Candy -LRB- Susan Romen -RRB- is sweet , but rather dull . Not surprisingly , IMBD lists this film as her one and only film role . My ex-girlfriend liked it ... then again , she has no real sense of artistic taste . But do n't be too disappointed with the film .
 Horrible film Just plain bad . I don/t know what else to say about this film . Ols 60 's or 70 's film .
 Not worth the time and trouble . Wondering how any one could have fallen for that babysitter . Try Angel Blue for something in this same vein that is really a good movie .
 Love this movie , truly the transition Western between stagey Hollywood productions and the more realistic 60 's Westerns be they American or Spaghetti . ONE-EYED JACKS is as stylish as it is exciting and Brando 's performance and direction is top-notch despite some critics ' claims of egotistic self-indulgence and an inflated budget and shooting schedule . Karl Malden should have won an Oscar and Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens shine in supporting roles . A very rewarding viewing experience . And I just finished watching it now.Bad Blue-Ray ? Full Frame ? Sick and tired of this film looking like crap . Feel like Ben Johnson complaining , '' Get that stinkin ' fish outta here . '' ? The dvd I just watched was the DIGIVIEW slim case version , the one with Brando 's face in the top corner , with below him Malden and Pellicer and then a group of 5 ruales . It was wide-screened with exceptional color and sound . You 'd really have to be nit-picking to hate this version . I enjoyed it very much and can recommend it to all . At least give it a try . You 've got little to lose as it 's readily available from many Amazon sellers for almost next to nothing.Until a major studio release gives this film the CRITERION treatment it deserves , I 'm very pleased with this DIGIVIEW version . It 's the best I 've seen , and believe me , I 've seen a lot of rotten copies of this Western classic .
 the picture quality is the worst i ever seen !!! and the sound is even worser !!!
 THE WORST video transfer I have ever bought ! It is NOT in widescreen as some other reviewers have suggested and it is NOT in Dolby Stereo . This DVD also wins the award for the worst packaging and extras features
 The reviewer `` B. King '' cites this version as `` letterboxed '' and the reviewer `` Michael C. Glancy '' says that it is widescreen . I ordered just this version , with just this cover picture , and it is NOT widescreen . Right on the back cover it states `` Standard Full Frame . '' I did not punch open the cellophane to verify , in order to be able to return the item , and I suppose it is astronomically possible that the item was mislabeled , but I doubt it . The cover boasts that it is `` Digitally Remastered , '' and it may indeed be a better transfer than the other versions , but I shall have to forage further for the widescreen . Meanwhile , dear browser , be advised that your humble servant went to the trouble of ordering this item based on the testimony of the two gentlemen cited , and it arrived with `` Full Frame '' blazoned on the back cover .
 I CA N'T REMEMBER THE LAST TIME I SAW A MOVIE WITH SO MANY GLOWING REVIEWS THAT TURNED OUT TO BE SO DREADFULLY DULL . BRANDO DESERVES PROPS FOR HIS AMBITION . CLEARLY , HE WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A FILM OF EPIC PROPORTIONS . UNFORTUNATELY THE FILM IS SLOW AND THE SCRIPT FORGETTABLE.AND IT 'S HARD TO FEEL ANY SYMPATHY OR HATRED TOWARDS BRANDO 'S QUIET `` RIO '' . ONLY CLINT EASTWOOD & CHARLES BRONSON IN SERGIO LEONES `` SPAGHETTI WESTERNS '' COULD GET AWAY WITH SAYING SO LITTLE IN SUCH A LONG FILM . ALSO , CONTRARY TO WHAT MOST OF THE REVIEWS SAID , THE MOVIE ITSELF BREAKS ONLY A FEW MOLDS THAT WERE TYPICAL OF WESTERN MOVIES . IF YOU WANT TO SEE AN EPIC MOVIE THAT TURNS WESTERN CLICHES ON THEIR HEAD THEN YOU 'VE GOT TO SEE `` THE GOOD , THE BAD , AND THE UGLY '' AND `` ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST '' . PREFERABLY IN LETTER-BOX EDITION WHICH TAKES ADVANTAGE OF THE 70mm PANORAMIC CAMERA EMPLOYED TO FULL EFFECT . SOMETHING BRANDO AT THAT TIME CLEARLY COULD N'T DO OR APPRECIATE AS AN ACTOR/DIRECTOR . I 'LL TAKE ACTOR/DIRECTOR KEVIN COSTNER 'S BEAUTIFULLY FILMED `` DANCES WITH WOLVES '' OVER THIS ANY DAY .
 This video looks as if they recorded it off of a TV . I have Night of the Living Dead by Madacy and it looks about the same . DVD.Express would be well advised to take the Hollywood Classics collection out of the company inventory . I guess you get what you pay for .
 DVD much worse than VHS version . One great western that should be terrific on DVD . This copy is horrible .
 I already own a DVD of this movie but ordered a Blu-Ray copy thinking that it will be a lot better product since it is remastered . It is not any better . It seems like it was produced out of the U.S. , possibly Germany . The credits are in German , except for the names of course . The problem is in trying to navigate the menu to go to the English language version . The cursor just will not go where it needs to go . Unless my DVD player or remote is defective -LRB- I do n't think so -RRB- , the movie will start in German captioned in English . The set-up process left me frustrated I consider the item a rip-off .
 W A F J . Grab a VHS copy and smear Vaseline on your screen to replicate the effect of this Blu Ray
 One of the great westerns of all time has been butchered in this DVD form which looks and sounds like a 3rd generation knock-off . Apparently , Paramount no longer has the rights or the interest in saving this gem . Warn your customers and have them find the wide-screen laser-disk .
 I implore you not to buy this DVD . This is a classic western brilliantly acted and directed by Marlon Brando . However , this is the worst transfer to DVD I have ever seen . There is a constant high-pitched hiss and horrible video quality throughout the film . I have seen a beautiful letterbox print of this film on the Amercian Movie Classics channel . Save your money until a better transfer is released .
 Absolutely the WORST display of 1080p/DTS-HD Master Audio I 've ever experienced ! Truly a wonderful movie that was haphazardly transferred to HD , & from Germany no less !!! Such a crime ... I hope this one will have a better restoration in the future ... for all those who appreciate this fine motion picture !
 I have purchased more than one DVD of this fine movie ; however , each DVD has had terrible picture quality , as confirmed by a couple of other people . I wish other reviewers would also write something about the quality of the disk .
 I 'm afraid I have to second the comments made by the previous reviewer . This is a classic film ruined by a disasterous transfer to DVD.For the version I saw , the picture broke up about 5 minutes into the film .
 As many reviewers have noted , the video quality is terrible in many editions . I have only experienced the Madacy edition -- that 's the one where the cover has the original poster , surrounded by a white outline and the actors ' names below -- and it 's terrible . I will be sticking with my laser disk until -LRB- or if -RRB- Paramount releases a studio version . My two star rating is therefore an average of a `` zero '' for the technical quality of the Madacy DVD and a `` four '' for the movie itself -LRB- which features some of the most memorable dialog ever in a western , which I understand was in no small part due to Ben Johnson -- Brando would ask him , `` Ben , what 's a better way to say that ? '' and Johnson would come up with some wonderfully colorful expression like `` I hear there 's dirt between ya '' or `` Do n't be doin ' her like that '' -RRB- . So pray for a studio edition , as this movie certainly deserves first class treatement .
 I agree with all the reviews and want to add that the audio is also distorted . I bought OEJ on laser disc which was a Paramount production . Even though LD video is analogue 480i it has better audio and video than the other DVD productions I have seen . The main advantage this Blu-ray disc has over the LD is the video formatting to accommodate wide screen TVs.Considering the price , perhaps this release will serve as a stop-gap measure until some outfit with more money and tech . capabilities releases a properly restored version of this last VistaVision film . This film begs for extra features considering all the difficulties incurred with the production.The titles and other info . scripts on this release are in French and there are no sub-titles on the disc . The audio track includes a German dubbed version . On the menu I had a problem with switching between the English original and German dubbing . I had to use the audio button on my remote to do the switching . I use an Oppo BDP 93 and doubt if it is the fault of the player .
 Shame on the makers of this blue ray DVD . Why would they dare release a lousy copy of this excellent Western
 This supposed Blu-Ray disc of One-Eyed Jacks is nowhere near as good as my VHS version in EP . It is a joke . Amazon should remove this junk from its normal excellent selection . I 'd prefer watching a full screen version on tv with commercials to this travesty .
 I did n't think it would be possible to destroy a movie I so thoroughly enjoy . The soundtrack was so full of unbearable high pitched noise I had to struggle to watch the film . The reason this film is so exceptional is the beautiful panoramic shots of the Monterey area , but all of that was cut out . This DVD was many notches lower quality than any other version I have seen . Do not buy this !! What a shame to destroy such a grand western ...
 Nothing equals the dereliction of those who transferred this masterpiece into a monstrosity . Audio cacophony is coupled with video distortion . Even my dog raised his leg over this DVD to show his disdain . Caveat emptor ! This DVD deserves a ZERO !
 The picture quality is much worse than my copy of this movie on regular DVD . Also , I ca n't get it out of the German language on audio . BIG disapointment !
 I watched this movie 20 years later after the original release -LRB- 1961 -RRB- at a small town . I 'm lucky that I had a chance to watch it in the cinema then . Now I got three DVD versions , i.e. from Vina , Digiview and the last one from D3k . I bought the D3k release from Amazon Marketplace -LRB- used item with very good condition -LRB- as claimed by the seller -RRB- from gohastings -LRB- Hastings Entertainment -RRB- thru third party -LRB- I ca n't buy it directly -RRB- and contrarily I got the very bad DVD condition
 Dear Fellow Viewers : I intend to buy the Alpha offering of DVD One Eyed Jacks but do n't know if the quality is good . I have read the DVD reviews with conflicting comments from good to bad . Since there are three versions being sold out there , I just want to know if the Alpha product is the good one being emulated or the bad one being lambasted .
 This is one of those movies put out by a company that bought the rights but did not restore it . Honestly , it looks worse than a version that you could record off of the television . I would not recommend buying this movie until it is released in a remastered version by Paramount . It is not worth the money . `` One Eyed Jacks '' was and still is one of my favorite all time movies , but after seeing this copy I returned it to the store because of the poor quality .
 My first DVD ripoff . I would n't think Amazon would even carry ... like this . And one of the great American classics , too !
 Just popped this Blu Ray into my player and the movie is in German . It looks like the titles are in French ! The quality is very poor . This film was directed by Marlon Brando and I 'm pretty sure he did n't make it in German with French titles ! I have returned the Blu-Ray for refund . Glad that Amazon had pulled this product !
 This Blu ray edition is just plain criminal.Someone should go to jail for issuing this.It 's worse than an old VHS tape that was left in the back window of a car for nine months and then unraveled by a three year old . `` forget about it . ''
 Such a great movie but such a poor Blu-ray image . No closed captions , only stereo sound and with poor vocals . Pastel colors . Picture about like a standard DVD . Apparently a foreign transfer .
 I only have myself to blame , as there have been several negative reviews on other sites that I should have read before ordering . This could be the shoddiest transfer to Blu-ray that exists ! Color is washed out and just plain ugly . It 's an improvement over the DVD I bought years ago for $ 4.00 , but that 's like comparing dog crap to a road apple . Avoid avoid , avoid !!! -LRB- At least wait for a BIG price drop . -RRB-
 When I purchased this `` restored '' print on Blu-Ray , I took it for granted that Paramount had finally deigned to present this knockout Western in its anamorphic splendor . Well , surprise , surprise , when the DVD Copywright Warnings come on , they 're in German ! . Then the Main Menu comes on and you have to go to Set-UP and select English , or the default track you 'll hear is in the German Language ! Then the movie comes on and there 's a scratch running down screen right during the Paramount Studio Logo and the VistaVision logo is completely missing ! Then for the clincher
 Was looking forward to this for some time and hoped there would be SOMEthing to enjoy , but my worst fears have been realized . A washed-out print with what looks like video credits - in French ; just hit play and you 'll get a German soundtrack - has a hard-to-navigate menu which makes it difficult to find the English soundtrack . Trying to watch this on a 110 '' screen was impossible , in all respects . What . A. Disappointment . Where does the line form for refunds ?
 Unfortunately I did not have a chance to check out other customer comments concerning this DVD . So , for those who do check first ... be WARNED . This is the worst DVD I have experienced to date . The quality is similar to an EP recorded video tape . The sound is terrible , and to be honest I had to shut my unit off after enduring only the first 5 minutes of the movie . Too bad , for the original VistaVision , Technicolor print was a gem when I ran it in the theatre . I 'm disappointed in Amazon , for allowing such a slimy Company to sell their obvious duped product , on their web site . I have learned my lesson , and will not buy another -LRB- BARGAIN DVD -RRB- from an unknown company .
 The print on this dvd could n't be any worse than it is.From the beginning the whole thing is so blurry and made worse by not showing it in the wide screen format as it was filmed but on a bad full screen version.Even the print on the dvd case is hard to read I tried using a magnifying glass to no avail.I would n't buy any other dvd from `` Synergy '' as I do n't want to waste my money as I could n't even continue watching the movie and threw it in the garbage can where it belongs.G . Gonzalez
 My review is of the St.Clair Vision DVD . My copy is a turkey ; better yet a jackass . Keys segments of the film are missing . I know cause I 've seen it a few times before on a bargain basement DVD version that I lost . Based on my experience you 'd be a lune to buy the St Clair version . I trust Amazon will do the right thing so I do n't have to make a Federale case of this . The film is great , this purchase a no eyed Jack .
 This movie itself is an good movie however I ordered this movie in DEC. and it 's now APR and it still was not sent , I do n't know what the hell is up with amazon but I would never order another old film from them ever since they seem to never get them in stock anyways.Peeved off
 I was hoping against hope that this BR release would show the 16x9 widescreen with black bars in true BR format . Alas , it turns out to be a German vendor rip of a French dvd copy . The quality is poor , certainly does not display BR standard imagery . Again Amazon has failed to screen the product for an accurate assessment of what the customer is buying . This happened to Amazon 's offer of `` The Warlord '' with Charlton Heston and now this . The rush by some vendors to put a BR label on an old DVD copy is dishonest , and Amazon should take better care to protect its customers from faulty products or dishonest claims from vendors .
 The movie you sent me was in German . So I had to throw it away , and lost my purchase money . Someone screwed up right ?
 I 've been waithing a long time for this movie to be released in a better form . I got my copy today and I was totally disapointed . It 's not any better than all the other junk out there . And NO subtitles . If I had known that I would have never purchased it .
 I agree the transfer is awful , no excuses for this . However , to watch this great classic try the Blu-Ray copy . Like so many of you ; love the movie , hate this DVD .
 I remeber the original and it was black and white , the color waspoor and the sound track , especially the dialog was very spotty.Ididn ' t realize this was colored over .
 The master source for the Blu-RAy is the same old crappy picture quality that 's been put on the DVD for years . . Maybe One Eyed Jacks will be honestly re-mastered properly someday . Amazon was nice enough to send a return label .
 The qualility of this `` Blu-ray '' is not acceptable . It is awful . This is n't a review about the movie which is what Amazon wants . Amazon does n't want a review that says the qualility is unacceptable . Do n't buy . `` Remastered '' is a misrepresentation and Amazon should return all buyers funds .
 First i have to say , i like this movie very much and i was so glad to hear it comes in the blu ray format.saying shortly , its horrible , catastrophal , just terrible.Picture its like an old vhs tape twenty years old and whats totaly wrong isthey wrote the sound is dts hd master 2.0 . Forget it its a simple stereo no nothing Hd Master Audio.the movie itself earns a 4 star but this blu ray just a half star .
 The movie had it all and then some . Very interesting . My one big complaint is the very poor video quality . Do n't know why but I would not recomend this version of the movie .
 Ca n't say enough about this movie . It is a favorite of mine . Brando 's portrayal of the old western gunfighter is classic . This transfer on DVD is the worst I have ever seen . You dont buy a DVD player to watch movies like this . Better transfers are out there . Cable has aired crystal clear versions of this film in letterbox format , another weakness of this rendition . The video store was kind enough to refund my money . Buyers beware , if you have n't already you will soon discover not all DVDs are created equal . You may think 10 bucks is a steal for a DVD movie only to find when you get home the video tape is much better . I am still waiting for the definative DVD rendition of this film from Paramount .
 The picture quality on the Entertainment One `` Blu Ray '' disc is awful . Do n't waste your money on it . To date , the best image quality for ONE EYED JACKS remains the Tgg Direct DVD released in 2003 .
 OEJ is my favorite western.I think it is one of the best ever made ... so when I heard it was coming in Blu Ray , I preordered a copy from Amazon , and could hardly wait to get it.I got it , and played Blue Ray OEJ that night.The transfer is a little better than TV , which makes for a transfer from hell.It looks to have some kind of 1080 seive over a previously bad transfer , the only digital remastering I saw was no remastering at all , the closer you get to the screen the blurrier the images get.This transfer is almost without color.The sound is OK.I do n't really know how to describe the horrid opening titles -LRB- german i think -RRB- . OEJ should be a Criterion project if ever there was a Criterion project or what about Coppola , Speilberg , and Scorsese , who loved and were affected by OEJ.I 'm surprised one of them has not took on OEJ as a restoration project.Last but not least what happened to the director 's cut which IS out there , I watched it while I was stationed in Vietnam at our outdoor theater -LRB- circa 1969 -RRB- .
 Do n't get me wrong , One Eyed Jacks is a great film , but do n't even consider buying this DVD . The transfer looks washed out , as if it had been done from a 15 year old betamax copy . The sound echoes badly from beginning to end and worst of all the picture breaks up completely about two thirds of the way through the film . Even though it 's not a lot of $ 's I beg of you do n't buy this DVD .
 This is an awful product . The quality of the movie/image is very bad , like an illegal copy of a DVD copied million times and almost destroyed . The image is n't sharp at all and the colors are very bad quality , very watery . The cover of the box does n't contain any traditional information about the movie aside from a very short synopsis ; it lack absolutely any information about the director , names of the actors , year of production , etc. . This is an awful , bootleg-quality like product , and I would never buy it had i known it earlier.Regards , Sylvia Stachnik
 This film is simply an example of an extremely poor piece of filmmaking There is no point , no resolve , no meaning , no interest ; no nothing ! In short , besides a rather good performance by Helen Mirren -LRB- Mrs. Tingle -RRB- , this film offers a psychotic teacher who would go to extremes as insane as firing crossbow arrows at her own students to keep them at bay . The teenage actors are sexy and witless and have no character depth whatsoever . They portray the youth once more as vacant , resonless vandals and do a poor job portraying even this . The film 's plot is so basic and uninteresting that even the `` dramatic '' portions of this film were void of any substance . The comedy is poor , the acting -LRB- except for Mirren -RRB- is even worse , and plot seems as if it is n't even stable enough to provide a foundation on which to build the entire movie . `` Teaching Mrs. Tingle '' is a worthless , pessimistic , unearthly film that once again shows the media 's failure to portray relationships between today 's teenage society and their mentors as comical , suspenseful , interesting , and even controversial .
 this movie was a big dissapointment . the beginning is good but after that it looses all of its interest.the only reason i even rented it was for katie holmes
 Do n't even think about , do n't even consider buying this movie perhaps the biggest , most predictable flop ever . It is about as amusing as watching toast burn and is about as interesting too . The plot is stupid and degrades teenagers intelligence making people believe that some over the hill teacher can manipulate a bunch of kids into betrayal and deceit . Possibly the worst movie I have seen after The Crow 2 .
 I wrote my review after I rec 'd my unopened DVD movie . I noticed the problem when I opened the DVD . The circle holder the DVD sits on was broken so basically the DVD was bouncing around inside it 's unopened box . It 's a minor defect but I wish it was not broken . I played the movie and that was ok . So I guess that 's all .
 This is n't a dreadful film , merely insipid . The plot is deeply flawed and implausible . It tries to be a number of genres and fails at each . It fails as a comedy , as a suspense thriller and as a horror movie . It almost succeeds as science fiction . The direction is uninspired and Katie Holmes , cute cherub face that she is , should be modeling teen clothing , not acting . The only thing that keeps this movie from being a 1 out of 10 is Helen Mirren . Her performance is fabulously nefarious and is -LRB- almost -RRB- worth suffering through the rest of it . Her ability to transmute from imperious to faux sympathetic to deviously manipulate and control her prey shows masterful range . Other than Marissa Coughlin 's delightful Exorcist rendition , Mirren is the only reason to see this movie . A solid 3/10 .
 Well , it seems the all mighty Kevin has stumbled . I loved the Scream films , and The Faculty , but this time something 's gone wrong . It 's not Helen Mirren 's fault , because she holds this film up on her own - it 's just that what should be a dark and twisted story about pupils ' hate for their teachers is in fact a rather dull farce . The characters are unbelievably one dimensional , especially for such a gifted writer as Williamson . The kids are holding their techer hostage , yet minutes later they 're having sex in her house - forgetting that they 're most likely going to go to jail . I really wanted to like this film , but having got used to the best from Kevin , this just wo n't do . There 's only a trailer on the disc , probably because the people involved were a little embarassed at being in it and so do n't want to be reminded of that fact , but the sound is good - at times it seems like it really is raining outside your own house during a pivotal scene between Mirren and Holmes . It 's not an awful film by a long shot , but it could have been so much better .
 To people who have said that the only reason this movie got trashed by critics is because they are adults and do n't understand teens I have to disagree . First off , I am teen and I thought this movie was incredibly stupid , unfunny , and annoying . It had a ridiculous plot -- give me a break they had to tie up the teacher otherwise Katie Holmes would n't go to college . Not to mention it was ridiculous that the kids were such clay in Tingle 's hands ands would do anything Tingle wanted even though she was tied up . Tingle only had to talk for a few minutes about BS and the kids would get all depressed and do stupid things even if it would totally hurt their friends . I could forgive all this for the movie if it was funny , but it was n't . Also the redhead was a very annoying , stupid , and feeble-willed character . The only upside to the movie
 I ca n't say that I did n't like this movie a little bit . It was interesting enough that I did n't get bored . I doubt that I 'll ever watch it again , but Teaching Mrs. Tingle was okay . This film was technically well made in my opinion , but I felt that the plot was just too unbelievable . I think that the kids should have just gone to the principal , but then there probably would n't have been much of a movie had they done that . I also thought that the movie moved too fast in the beginning , but after a while the pace turned out fine . The ending was a bit confusing also . Teaching Mrs. Tingle had some pretty good acting
 First of all , how in the world can anyone call this a comedy ? It shows some lady that gets pleasure out of making honest students ' lives a living hell.Three kids cheat and she turns them into the office . They do n't know what to do , so they just raid her house , shoot her with a dart , and hold her captive at her own home . Really bad . I do n't want to write anything more about this .
 This teen flick tries to be hip , tries to be suspenseful , and tries to be meaningful but never really attains any of these goals . When three young people kidnap their domineering teacher , the stakes could potentially be huge and traumatic , or just a lot of fun , but the screenwriter pulls back anytime viewers might start to care what happens , or might start to enjoy themselves.In the Scream films , at any rate , the stakes were huge
 Hell , even WITH Mirren there 's precious little of value.I 'm going to cut to the chase -- just how stupid IS our little scholarship hopeful ? She and her friends tie Mrs. Tingle up , and then proceed to believe every single thing she says to them while she 's in their control . Are these kids so emotionally deficient that they 'll believe anything said to them by someone who 's got nothing to lose by trying to manipulate them?Now , Mirren does a masterful job with the little she 's given to work with -- as she handles and reads from Leanne 's history project , she gives a look that hints at deeper emotion , but the film never capitalizes on it . The flat script never gives Tingle any dimension
 Being a Helen Mirren fan from Prime Suspect , etc. etc. . I can not beleive she actually read the script before accepting the lead ? The plot was so ridiculous and riddled with bugs -LRB- she 's held captive for days in her house tied to her bed ... how does she go to the bathroom ? -RRB- I actually thought that maybe a twist was that one of the students might have been her daughter / son but even that plausible diversion was not to be . The ending was absolutely incredibly bad . Compare this graduation ending to the last scene in `` She 's All That '' that left one with a wonderful taste of completion and you realize that you have a worthless 90 minutes to get through .
 `` Teaching Mrs Tingle '' seems to be So Scared of Offending someone that it dares not show a Hint of Violence or Gore . It also looks like it 's been Edited to it 's Bare Bones so we only get the Basic kidnap story , a few jokes , a love triangle , a Wussy ending , and . . Hey Presto , a Box Office Flop . Shame on all involved , -LRB- except Helen Mirren -RRB- Especially Mr Williamson . . You turned down writing `` Scream 3 '' for This . . Deary Me.Katie Holmes looks embarrassed in the lead role , Barry Watson looks out of his depth and Marisa Coughlan try 's her best and pulls off the Best performance of the three . She is still no match for Helen Mirren who has a downright silly role , very much beneath an Actress of her Stature , but her Professionalism takes over and she gives it her all , making the film always Bearable . Every piece of Teeth-Grindingly Bad Dialogue she has to sprout , she does so with an Evil Grin and a Wicked Stare . All the Films Enjoyment comes from her.The Supporting cast is Quite an Oddity . Molly Ringwald , Michael McKean and Vivica A Fox all have tiny little roles that hardly have any screen time , or any point . That 's what leads me to believe the film has been largly edited . Quite a shame as those three performances were far more interesting than the three on the Poster .
 The Bottom Line : A braindead movie that does n't bother making its imbecilic plot even slightly plausible -LRB- how does Mrs. Tingle go to the bathroom ? -RRB- , Teaching Mrs. Tingle should be thanked for virtually ending the career of Kevin Williamson and never mentioned otherwise
 After Lois Duncan was disappointed that her teen suspense novel `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' was turned into a `` teen schlock film '' it was highly doubtful that she 'd give permission for film rights to Kevin Williamson again . So instead he just wrote it in his own words and called it `` Teaching Mrs.Tingle '' . Anyone who read Duncan 's novel can see that Williamson just stole her idea . It 's even more obvious that it happened after she was unhappy of HIS treatment of her other novel . I remember seeing it in the theater so I could do a compare and contrast afterwards . The movie fails and just shoots for teen eye candy and cheap pop references that wre popular at the time that now look like dusty artifacts !
 This movie shows that Amazon should let us put negative stars . This movie does not even deserve one star . The only reason anyone would like this movie is because they want to ogle Katie Holmes or Barry Watson . This movie is supposed to be comedy , only it 's not funny . It 's supposed to be suspense , only you can see everything coming from a mile away . It 's supposed to be scary , but I about fell asleep during it . The acting was deplorable , the plotline ridiculous , and the ending was so stupid and unbelievable . Do not waste your money on this movie .
 Leann is an overachieving writer who is in desperate need of a college scholarship to escape her destiny of becoming just a name tag . But , after a run-in with a cheating burn-out , her evil history teacher decides to pin the act on her . Before you know it , her and her friends have the teacher gagged and bondaged in her own house.Mirren starts up with a cut-throat performance but runs out of steam immediately after she comes to . Holmes plays the egghead with a cutsy strand but stretches too thin . Watson displays no character whatsoever . The only cast member who shines through is Coughlan , who is highly witty and lively.Like most in the genre , it starts off with a bang but ca n't sustain the bitterness that makes the black comedy dark . I mean , if you ca n't tell that this is weak from the video box -LRB- which does n't even have Mrs. Tingle on the cover ! -RRB- , you 're in for a hard time . Plus , this film also needs a music operation . If you were expecting another JAWBREAKER , you 'll be thoroughly disappointed .
 Ah , what better way to relax on a dull , damp Saturday night than to watch a good , mindless teen slasher flick ? Let 's just say that 15 minutes into this disgustingly lazy conundrum of week-old tripe , licking around the base of a toilet seemed like a fun , relaxing diversion . Oi vey . It starts out innocently enough . Katie Holmes is Leighann , a hardworking and wholesome high school senior who needs a scholarship to attend college . The only class that stands in her way is history with Mrs. Tingle , in which she needs an A to be on top of her class . We meet her just as she finishes her history presentation project , a stunning replica of a diary that might 've been kept by an accused witch during the Salem witch hunts . Helen Mirren is Mrs. Tingle , who is just poorly scripted and overwrought from the beginning . We meet her as she stridently plows down the hall and students clear the way in melodramatic fright . She intimidates the principal before marching into her classroom to witness her students ' presentations . Holmes gives a very good , sincere delivery concerning her mock journal , which , unbelievably , is ostracized by Mirren . Also important later on is another student 's project , a crossbow , -LRB- which provides an inane and gape-worthy scene where the presenter idiotically loads the thing and - surprise , surprise - it nearly hits someone -LRB- Holmes ' overdone rival for the scholarship -RRB- and the pretty boy slacker played by Barry Watson . Well , Holmes meets with her saucy aspiring actress pal , played by Marisa Coughlin , after school in the gymnasium to complain about the injustice of it all . Watson , lust object of Coughlin , saunters in with a little present for Holmes - a copy of Mirren 's final exam . Nonplussed , Holmes tries to repudiate Watson 's offering , but he tosses it to her and she is ultimately caught by a smirking , adolescently jubilant Mirren who just ca n't wait to rake this little upstart over the coals . Holmes pleads all the way to the office and gets off easy for the time being as the principal has conveniently retired for the afternoon . Anxious , she commences with Watson and Coughlin , who agree that Mirren must be sated . Plan A
 What category does this movie fit in to , other than a stupid teenage chick flick ? It might be a horror movie but it was anything but scary . It could be a comedy but it was not at all funny . So we can conclude that the only category that this un-realistic film fits into is `` flop '' . The only good part of this movie was Katie Holmes . She was way too good for the movie .
 THIS , ALONG WITH SCREAM 3 , IS THE WORST FILM I HAVE EVER SEEN . I CA N'T EVEN FINISH WATCHING IT , ALL THOUGH I DID , THE ENDING IS JUST STUPID AND DUMB ! HOW CAN SOMEONE WRITE THIS BAD AN CALL IT HORROR OR SUSPENSE ? THEY ARE AFRAID OF DOING SOMETHING GOOD , A TYPICAL , ONLY WORSE , HOLLYWOOD TERROR FILM . WHY CA N'T THE GIRL DIE ? IT SEEM TO ME TINGLE WAS A VERY CHEAP IITATION WAN NA BE LECTAR PEOPLE SKIP THIS VIDEO !
 Everyone , for some reason , loves Katie Homles . Why ? Is it because she has a cute little rack ? stress on the little . wonder bras do really do wonders . I mean , her talent is as vacant as she is . she is plastic . all the characters she has ever portrayed for very boring and very unconvincing . i do n't know who she slept with the get her break , but I would really regret it if i was him.That aside . The movie is loosey based on a novel by Lois Duncan
 this was a terrible movie . everything about it is miserable .
 I rented this film thinking it would be a slick action/suspense . However , the only suspense was guessing how much was left . Having only about 2 `` action '' scenes , ` Teaching Mrs. Tingle ' is a dumb , OK-the-first-time-around movie that leaves the viewer priasing the LORD for the end . The first `` action '' scene runs only about 2 minutes . The second , about 4 minutes . A lot of cheesy scenes and corny lines make ` T.M.T. ' a boring and nonentertaining film . I recommend it 2 no one .
 Like many who were expecting something full of plot and suspence , I rented this video from the store thinking that it would be a good movie . It had to be one of the disapointing movies I 've seen . A very unconvincing , shallow plot . Very unbelievable . I mean would things really get to that extreme in such a situation ? The strict , mean teacher was portrayed well in the movie , but the drastic degree the students took to get what they wanted . They break into her house and nearly kill her with an arrow . Oh yeah they 're really going to college now . I kept waiting and waiting for this movie to end , it seemed that it kept going and going but when it was done , I felt that was the biggest waste of time I ever spent . Do n't make the same mistake .
 Rubbish , total rubbish is what this movie is . At first it reminded me of ` Jawbreaker ' , however Jawbreaker is a much better movie . ` Teaching Mrs Tingle ' has so many flaws it 's embarrassing . Why Helen Mirren would want to do a movie like this when she is well known for only doing quality productions is beyond me . What a way to spoil your career .
 This movie is just a chain of misfires all the way through . It does n't work as a horror or suspense movie , but Helen Mirren 's over the top performance makes it almost work as a black comedy . Katie Holmes has talent , and has made some good movies -LRB- The Ice Storm , Go -RRB- but needs to make better career decisions . Helen Mirren is too good an actress for this role , but she ultimately saves the movie . Other than Mirren 's performance and a good ` Exorcist ' impression by Marisa Coughlan the movie features not much else . From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 4 !
 The MRs. HIngle from the tittle is totally ansurd ; there is n't a teacher like that . But Mirren plays it with conciction , and the result is a good comedy , with dierctor Kevin WIlliamson not dropping one once of blood . It 's good to watch eating popcorn , nothing more . About the teen actors , the one who plays Holmes ` friend is the best !
 I was really looking forward to this movie . I 've loved all the scripts Kevin Williamson has wrote , from Scream to the faculty , and not forgeting Dawson 's Creek which I also enjoy a watch of . This fillm was also Williamson 's directorial debut , and included the very talented Katie Holmes.So , to be honest I was probably looking for a lot from this movie , did it deliver ? Well to be honest its probably unfair to say if it did , or did n't . To me it just could have been a Dawson 's Creek episode -LRB- ok , maybe if it had been toned down a bit -RRB- . Holmes was excellent and stole the show , but te film was slow , and never really peaked.Never mind Kevin , I 'm sure you 're next one will be better . However , its worth a watch .
 The basic plot for `` Teaching Mrs. Tingle '' follows several high school students ; very intelligent Leigh Ann Watson -LRB- Katie holmes -RRB- is caught with the answer 's to the finals , given to her by Luke Churner -LRB- Barry Watson -RRB- and Jo lynn -LRB- Marisa Coughlin -RRB- . With a prize schoolar ship at risk , Katie attempts to prove that she is innocent of the crime . Mrs. Tingle will have none of this , as it is blatantly obvious that she is , above all , pure evil . One event leads to another , and our precious students tie Tingle to her bed and slowly force her to listen to them , while Tingle is slowly pyschologicly tearing the group apart , planning her freedom ... Simply by a glance at the cover of the film and it becomes apparent that `` Teaching Mrs. Tingle '' is targeted toward teens . Add the fact that it is directed by -LRB- ugh -RRB- Kevin willimason and features such popular teen stars ; adults might dislike this film . The various reasons why this movie was passible are ; 1 -RRB- Was it entirely nessessary to shoot Tingle with a cross-bow ? Would it not be smarter to reason with the principal or someone else that has communicated with Mrs. Tingle , as everyone who knows her hates her ? 2 -RRB- Helen Mirren gives off a fantastic preformance as the evil teacher , but her physical strengh is unbeleviable . She punches , crushes , and strangles all the students who get in her way .3 -RRB- Helen Mirren stays tied to the bed post for the entire movie .4 -RRB- The students are so dim that they acually confide their personal secrets to Tingle , and she uses the information to manipulate them .5 -RRB- The use of the word `` Ironic '' .6 -RRB- The plot is somewhat weak , mostly involving the students madely scrambling to keep the kidnapping secret ; just add a little weak humor , sex , and violence .7 -RRB- At one point Tingle is smashing a certain student around , spaltering them is blood . Tingle acually gets pushed down the stairs and all of the blood dissapears . I doubt that one is healed from falling down stairs ... 8 -RRB- The ending . Holmes sleeps with Watson , who is Coughlin 's crush . This breaks the bond of friendship between Holmes and Coughlin , yet the group are seen walking together during ther ending , in a cheery sort of mood . WhAt ? 9 -RRB- Bad lines . `` Why are you doing this to us ? '' `` I want you to learn ! '' `` No , you want me to fail '' . Bravo.There are positive points however ; Marisa Coughlin depiction of the excorist must be seen to believe , Coughlin herself gives of a charming preformance , and the entire film manages is not to boring . If you 're looking for a teen movie with several dusterbingly funny moments , then go for it , but otherwise this is a bad apple .
 I did not like this movie much at all . It was not boring , it was just so stupid . The one good thing about the movie is that Mrs. Tingle represents every teacher that you despised , and on that level I liked this movie . On every other level the film failed miserabley .
 What were they thinking for the end of this movie , One of my best friends said the movie was supposed to be even blacker comedy , but those stupid kids in colorado went and killed a bunch of people and then got the Cinema blamed so they changed it a bit and to me makes no sense at the end .
 This movie is a stinker , one of the worst I 've seen in my life . The characters are completely one-dimensional archetypes , and as another reviewer has noted , just devices to keep the sloppy plot moving forward . Mirren ca n't manage to make Mrs. Tingle believable , because the writing is so poor . This is inspite of being a finer actress , by several orders of magnitude , than the other leads . The conclusion is mind-numbingly and spirit-chrushingly inept
 I had waited so long for this movie to come out , and then when it did , it completely failed to live up to my expectations . I suppose the acting was n't too bad ; I was mostly diasppointed by the boring plot and sophomoric vocabulary used . Did they intend on making the characters as boring and juvenile as possible , because they certainly did . I would not want to see this movie again .
 I rented this DVD because the cover said it was a `` hilarious comedy . '' If you just look at the concept of the movie -LRB- i.e. , unfair teacher gets tied up while her bungling students try to get her to listen to them -RRB- , then I suppose it 's funny . However , there was very little about this movie that was funny . It should have been labeled a thriller . Helen Mirren , as Mrs. Tingle , is just as frightening as any masked ax murderer , and she does on several occasions try to kill one of the teenagers . My children and I were very disappointed -- not in the acting ability of the actors -LRB- they did a fine job -RRB- , but in the film being represented as something that it was n't . It is not a comedy by any stretch of the imagination . Huge disappointment !!
 After stealing a getaway car with a local crime boss in the trunk , Mickey -LRB- Gregory -RRB- is thrust into a world of human trafficking and ruthless killing . When the crime boss Don Barber is let go by Mickey he suddenly realizes that Mickey is a man he wants on his payroll . Mickey is tasked with trying to find out who attacked Don and to extract revenge . Since `` Snatch '' came out it seems like everyone is trying to make the next one , or be the next Guy Ritchie . Since `` Snatch '' I think that `` Layer Cake '' is the only one that can be compared to it . This movie is very violent and bloody , that 's where the similarities end . I just really could n't get in to this one . Some parts were pretty good , but they were few and far between . It did n't hold my attention . I give it a C - . Would I watch again ? - Nope
 ok , so ... this is the last time I EVER watch a movie without reading the reviews first ! Because had I read the reviews , I wld have not wasted the last 2 hours of my life . This movie is soo ... I do n't even have the words for it . It 's crazy because it starts out pretty good and then ... I felt towards the end there was a gradual decline in content . Also the direction of the movie went to places that just dont make sense . I think the director or writer went into an LSD trance halfway through and couldnt figure out ... hell idk . It was a tug of war with the moral dilemma of being a lesbian . And a huge turn at the end , which I STILL do n't get and an old war vet that pops up out of nowhere . It was jus . . ridiculous ! I could have made a better story making a slideshow in powerpoint .
 Wow , where do I begin ? This movie had and I do mean had the potential to be an interesting , even heart tugging drama . However , it ends up being a mixed up jumble of mixed messages and crazy mishaps masquerading as fate or destiny or some nonsense.The acting is sub-par to say the least with the best performance being delivered by the lead actress , who I believe also co-stars in A Marine Story , but I digress . What a load of crap , and please forgive me I just finished the grueling task of watching this film to completion and would really like a refund from Amazon Instant Video right now . Nevertheless , save yourself the trouble by skipping this one completely!It veers all over the place and never really hones in on the actual point of the film . It appears as though messages about family , love , God and fate are tossed in randomly with no adherance to the slightest filmaking nuiance . It is choppy and feels like a low budget B movie that should get an F. Look , I 'm rambling at this point so let me just conclude by stating that this was a collossal waste of two hours that I will never get back .
 It 's a miracle I finished watching this movie . This movie had so much potential to be such a heart wrenching tear jerker , but instead , with its choppy scenes , sub-par acting , random connections that are tied miserably to fate , etc. do nothing but jerk the watcher around as in a bumpy roller coaster ride of nonsense . I was truly disappointed .
 i have seen a lot of bad movies , but this one takes the cake . please , please do n't waste your money on this thing . it left a bad taste in my mouth that i just ca n't get rid of.warning , for those determined to watch ... spoilers below ... let 's start with ... the script . first , the script is very - very x 1,000 - poorly written . the plot is all over the place , stereotypical characters , and an overall bad message to viewers . to me it seemed homophobic . it 's the ` evil/dead lesbian cliche ' to the max . -LSB- i am SSOOOOOOOO tired of lesbian movies with unhappy/horrible endings . -RSB- that leads me to the actors . first , the actors have no chemistry . second , the acting is heavy handed , clumsy , and unappealing.last , the soundtrack and directing . first , the soundtrack just does not fit ! who did the music for this thing ? do they not know how to set a mood ? and second , the directing ... . all i can say is the director should have avoided this whole thing and run for the hills!if i were you , i would n't waste my money on this so called movie . i did n't even bother to return it . i trashed it . that 's how bad it is.watch something uplifting ! try ` imagine me and you . ' which is possibly the best lesbian themed movie ever made .
 I saw this film for free , fortunately , which may have influenced my decision to give it two stars . If I had paid good money for it I would n't have felt so generous . I wanted to like it , but the crazy quilt storyline made it impossible . You know you have a problem when you stop the movie and back it up to see where you missed any foreshadowing whatsoever for certain dialog -LRB- I did this twice -RRB- . Like another reviewer here , I was surprised when the main character -LRB- Sydney -RRB- first reveals how she feels toward her neighbor -LRB- Jane -RRB- . I said -LRB- out loud , actually -RRB- , `` Wait a minute . Where did that come from ? '' I do n't know if it was bad writing or bad editing or both , but after backing the movie up and looking for some inkling , I can safely say it came completely out of left field . This was not the lone example of dialog or plot that made no sense in the context of the film . There was far too much of it , so much I could n't take the relationship seriously , which detracted quite a bit from the intended emotional effect of the ending -LRB- which also made no sense -RRB- . The actors seemed to try their best , but all of them overacted , with the exception of Rachel Owens -LRB- Jane -RRB- . She played free spirit , bohemian Jane without all the angst and bizarre emotional outbursts that characterized the rest of the characters . The children were there as props more than anything else . They did n't really react much to what was being said and done , and certainly not as real children would have reacted under the circumstances . I have to chalk up the over the top style of acting to bad direction , since they all seemed to do it.I found myself feeling bad for poor Corey , Sydney 's husband . He suffers from a distinct lack of a sense of humor , but otherwise he seems like a man trying to provide for his family , while his wife nags him constantly about not spending enough time with her . And what was up with that ? She wants him to spend more time with her , but when he 's with her , she does n't want him to touch her , and seems bored to tears with him . If I was Kathleen Benner -LRB- Rachel -RRB- I would get the impression my character was bipolar , not stricken with cancer.Speaking of the diagnosis , the doctor was almost comically cold and insensitive in revealing the details of her condition to Sydney , as soon as he found out she did n't have any insurance . When she told him , I 'm literally going , `` Wait a minute . Is n't Corey a retired Marine ? I mean , they made a point of showing us his bumper sticker . -LRB- I pay attention to those kind of details , but the writer , director , and producer apparently did not . Hint to them
 This is literally the worse film , and I use the term loosely that I have ever seen . When I finished watching -LRB- and only out of curiosity -RRB- the DVD went straight to the garbage.The two lead actresses have potential . There are a couple of scenes when there relationship seems genuine , but the script is badly written , with much to-do-about-nothing dialogue and unclear `` conclusions '' . The husband seems more like a porn actor than an ex-marine and the evangelical christian seems like a character out of a looney toons episode.There is no evolution of the feelings . Scenes come and go and there is never a sense of what is actually going thru the characters minds except when they say it . For example , when Sidney says '' I wanted to kiss you since the first time I saw you '' . Really ???? You could have fooled me with your non-chalant attitude . That 's what acting is for ... to reflect feelings not croak bad dialogue.The evangelical christian is an eye sore and the story so awfully told that at some point we were wondering if this was actually a born again christian film disguissed as lesbian themed.I am a supporter of the arts , but there is a line that should not be crossed . This project should not have ever made it to film and I should never have spend $ 15 on it.I set complete responsability of this disaster on the writer/director . Hope she has more sense -LRB- a lot of it -RRB- next time .
 I bought this thinking it had promise and I had n't heard of it - well I wish it had stayed that way . I 'll do my best not to have any spoilers for the film , but I honestly say skip it anyway . I bought it on DVD and the love scenes were nice and the actresses were pretty but the whole involvement with the husband - the back and forth drama , it just was n't convincing . They did try hard on this film though , but honestly why wo n't anyone get that a `` lesbian '' movie needs to have a plot besides the fact that their will be two women making out in it ; cause that wo n't hold the film .
 I agree with all the negative statements made by other reviewers about the bad acting , the bad script , the bad music , etc ; this is the most preposterous movie I 've seen in a long time . There 's no way it 's worth even one star . But the worst part to me is the message that being a lesbian is bad , but if you are a lesbian , Jesus can help you . That stood out to me like a sore thumb because there simply was no other reason for the Christian lesbian to be in the movie . It was n't a blatant message , but it certainly was n't subtle either . And it was like the final nail in the movie 's coffin . -LRB- I do n't know anything about the writer ; if she 's a lesbian , she DEFINITELY needs to find another line of work ! -RRB-
 The other one-star review by E. Hendrix sums up my thoughts on this film , I would only differ in the use -LRB- even loosely -RRB- of the term film . As I stated in my comment of E. Hendricx 's review , I 'm not sure what the four-star reviewer was watching but it could n't have been this piece of bad acting , editing , directing and writing that this DVD represents .
 Very low budget , poorly acted film . Unrealistic ending as thyroid cancer is not as portrayed . Sorry I wasted my 1.99 . Just awful !
 This video is a documentary about a man who is on a journey to lose weight . Unfortunately , there was a lot of foul language . I threw video in the trash !
 I bought this for my son , who LOVES Thomas , and was very disappointed that the movie is nothing like the classic Thomas episodes . For one , the animation is like any other cartoon . I know that the newer episodes of Thomas are done with CGI , however , they remain more true to the originals in the fact that the characters still resemble the original format -LRB- the human characters are like clay figurines and the trains and surroundings look like 3D clay animation . -RRB- Also , the newer episodes are still read like a story , with one person doing all the voices . However , this movie is nothing like that . The animation looks like anything else that you can see on children 's television -LRB- ie . Chuggington on Disney -RRB- and the voices are done by different people instead of one person . The story itself did n't even seem to have the personality of Thomas . I , and other members of my family who have also watched this , feel that the creators ' have gotten lazy . I think it should be noted that , while wathing this movie , my son kept requesting to watch the other `` choo choo '' shows . To me , that confirms that the movie fell short of being worthy of `` Thomas and Friends '' .
 The Hero of the Rails DVD is wonderful . Like all of the Thomas DVD 's it is a wonderful learning , character building and inspirational way to pass on the values that I would like my grandson to grow up with . Amazon.com has made it easy for me to locate DVD 's that local stores do n't carry and I always receive them in a timely manner . I give the video and Amazon.com five stars . Keep up the good work !
 Adding CG effects to make the characters faces move kills the general idea of the magic that this series is supposed to bring . The new voices for the characters are awful , and the narrator gets on my nerves quickly . Whoever took over the Thomas series needs to make it the way it was in the beginning . Having Ringo Starr narrate , not hiring voice actors for the engines , and adding more action and thrills to the show . They should not be afraid to show some dark situations in Thomas . The original British Thomas children books had some dark situations in it and it sold extraordinarily well . The series has turned into a disgrace .
 Beware the title of this episode is misleading . I m a fan of 1000 ways to die . I enjoyed other episodes . But this episode is not 1000 ways to die . Do n't know how this episode got into this season .
 This video is a documentary about a man who is on a journey to lose weight . Unfortunately , there was a lot of foul language . I threw video in the trash !
 This is terrible !! It looks like someone is playing a video game from the original playstation and copied it to a dvd ! This is CG at it 's worst ! This film does n't flow , it looks pixel-ated and fuzzy , maybe made from someone 's home computer ! SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT !!!
 If you played Terminator on X-Box or PS3 then you know have bad the game was . If you see how bad the graphics are then that is what the whole DVD is , just no bad graphic video game episodes . Do not get this . I wish that there was star 0 because that is what I would rate thus .
 I just paid $ 3 for a 12 minute advertisement for a video game . Lame . I would have liked to know it was only 12 minutes . Video quality was OK , I could tell it was a game engine pretty early one when the characters where running . Story line was interesting and it might have been worth it for even a 30 minute episode . I would have preferred an hour . You can normally download 90-120 movies for $ 3 , so I feel a bit ripped off .
 For those of you who do n't know `` Machinima '' is a movie made with a game engine . In this case Terminator Salvation , however as interesting as this can be this story episode is way too short . It would have been suited for a thirty minute shot rather than twelve . I may have been happier paying 99 for this episode . I 've seen better Half-Life 2 Machinima for free on the net .
 This is a movie filmed in a video game , which is different than an animated movie . You can tell because the animation like walking is clunky and the lips do n't sync . Its like puppets . I love Machinema , but this was sub par and pretty dull and poorly animated.This `` Machinima '' movie follows Blair Williams from the Terminator
 I love the Terminator Series . And it is FUN to have a bit more of the story to think about and enjoy . However , there is so little story , and so much video game action , that you really can never stop thinking that you are in a video game , and not `` watching a movie with a story and a plot . '' To be clear , this is NOT a video game . It is a fan-fiction type of story that was made with animation software that you would see in video gaming software . Everything caries that jerky animation quality common to older video games . Still , this is an actual story of several chapters and it is fun in the respect that you are engaged once again in the Terminator Saga.I would give it a C - for a grade for the story . :-LRB- Slow , boring in places ... and it is hard to do that with an action film . The graphics are really not so good . Machima is NOT ready for Movie making in my opinion . The technology is n't there yet . So , graphic images fall flat.Still , it is fun to see more of the classic Terminator series ! -LRB- even if there was no real story , and less visual interest.JJ
 Honestly , when it came to the idea of Terminator animation , I thought &#34; This should be good &#34; . Wow , was I wrong . The graphics are pretty lame and the story is rather lackluster .
 In the digital age , prequel is the new black . We have given our collective permission to choose capitalism over content and now build our fantasy worlds piecemeal instead of creating and executing a real fully-developed story.Terminator
 Originally saw this at BestBuy but it had a $ 9.99 price tag so I bought it at Amazon because it was a lot cheaper and I was n't in a hurry . Good effort for the crew that made this dvd but they wasted the talent of Moon Bloodgood for such an inferior movie . They had the right idea but the technical crew messed it all up . The animation looks highly unpolished and the dialogue is cheesy and repetitive . You will notice even the mouth movements were not synchronized with the lines . I ended up fast forwarding the dvd 70 % of the time just to get closure and somehow get my money 's worth.I love animated movies but this one is probably lightyears behind what our current technology has to offer . I thought this was going to be similar to Appleseed Ex-machina but I was mistaken . Appleseed Ex-machina should probably be treated as the model for this kind of animation although the process in making then I think is somewhat different .
 A good cast struggles valiantly , but ultimately unsuccessfully , with a woefully underwritten script . This character study focuses on four people , probably in their late 30s or early 40s -LRB- we really do n't know , but the couple has a son who seems to be about 16 -RRB- , who for various reasons are unhappy with themselves , with their lives , and with each other . Unfortunately , since we do not know how any of them arrived at where they are , all we are given is a snapshot in time with no past reference points , which really does not allow the viewer to develop much empathy for any of the characters . If a film is going to be a character study , then the writer needs to provide some background and better-developed characters so the viewer to somehow relate to them . And oh yes - we have another film where after a traumatic event two of the characters miraculously begin to cope with their problems .
 God-awful movie . I was first attrated to the movie at a popular video store because of the actors and the description on the movie sleeve . However , the description is a complete misrepresentation
 I see that a couple of reviewers were kind enough to award some extra stars for the potential of a film like this one . Sorry , but every movie has the potential to be a good one ; but when it is poorly scripted , poorly plotted and poorly acted , it will be a horrible film . This is a horrible , horrible film , which wanders as aimlessly as its characters . I seem to be beating a dead horse , but I felt compelled to add my voice to the chorus of those who literally felt cheated by the misrepresentation of what this film aimed to be . Or , is that the point ? Is all of life a misrepresentation ; perhaps a sort of waking dream ? What if ... nah , do n't bother -- the message is hopeless .
 The original title of this bleak flim - WHEN A MAN FALLS IN THE FOREST - was inexplicably shortened to the nebulous WHEN A MAN FALLS for the release of the DVD
 This had to be one of the worst movies that I have seen-its extremely boring and the characters are as dull as the film.No plot to speak of and you ca n't tell if the Bill character is dreaming or actually awake . Please do n't waste your money even on a rental
 Do n't waste your time , this is a horrible film . The plot was ridiculous , the story was dismal and drawn out . No surprises and I regret spending a dime on it for the rental fee . Hutton and Stone should have never put their names to the title .
 Do not waste your money to rent or buy this one . Although it has a pretty good cast-Sharon Stone and Timothy Hutton -- the plot is confusing -- it jumps around alot and is boring -- to say the least . The actors seem to just walk thru their roles in a senseless plot . I guess they needed the money . I barely made it thru the movie -- good thing I just rented it and lost only $ 3 -- stay away from this one . My question is -- Why did they make this straight to video movie ?
 Um , can you say one of the worst movies ever ? The only man that fell here was me . . falling for the price of renting this horrible movie ! Lifeless , dreary , and humorless . Perhaps has something to do with the depressing plot
 Do n't your time and save your money , for sure , one of the most boring you can look at . I ca n't imagine someone would buy it .
 This movie seemed like a good attempt to give a fresh angle on immigration through a love story.Not really being a fan of the gritty drama and trauma types of movies , I thought I would give ita try anyway because I went to high school with the writer/producer . I could n't get past the shaky camera style . In some parts of movies I think it 's ok , not from the beginning though-where 's the Dramamine ?
 This is the 10th official film with he East Side Kids -LRB- Leo Gorcey , Huntz Hall , Bobby Jordan , Sunshine Sammy Morrison , Bobby Stone , Stanley Clements -RRB- . The East Side Kids try to help a girl -LRB- Anne Gillis -RRB- and her paralyzed grandfather -LRB- J. Arthur Young -RRB- from Gabriel Dell and his thugs . When Danny -LRB- Bobby Jordan -RRB- goes back to get her clothes , the paralyzed man is there and the police show up as Danny is leaving . With his eyes , the grandfather motions to the cop the dead body in the other room . The policeman thinks Danny did it . The boys try to help the police in finding the murderer . Noah Berry Jr. plays `` Butch '' / `` Rusty '' . This version was not formulated to fit the screen .
 I do n't know how people can give this movie 3 stars . Do n't waste your money . This movie stunk!I do n't have a problem with Amazon Prime , I think it 's a great deal , but sometimes I come across a movie that is awful . This was one of those times . The Forgotten Jewel with Jackie Chan was rotten , and I do n't recommend you wasting your money on this movie .
 What is wrong with amazon . How does amazon think ... The movie is like oklahoma 's version of a high school 's remake of an elementary school 's mockery of a Kung fu flick ; it 's so full of stereotypical hoopla it almost feels racist . Watching 4 minutes of this cultural smear of a Kung fu movie made my stomach turn . So bad I could n't even laugh , right down to the hairy white guy 's monk garb , obviously a table cloth still with its creases from the packaging . I can only hope that Amazon has the smarts to accidentally drop this VHS tape into a bucket of mop water instead of making people think they might be spending money on an actually movie .
 Terrible movie . It looks like it was made with a home video camera . My young kids even thought that it was a cheap movie .
 Horrible Horrible Horrible ! I think this is the wrong video and i was retarded enough to spend my money . I am so tempted to call amazon and ask for a refund because this is not the correct movie ! i am so disappointed right now .
 Not sure where the ball was dropped on this one , but it dropped . It became quite predictable about 30 minutes in . And it seemed to me as if the storyline was drawn out way too long .
 This is a fun video for the young ones to watch once in a while . It is one we purchased a while ago and now we hardly watch it .
 Since this was available on Amazon Prime , I thought this would be presented in HD and in the theatrical aspect ratio.IT MOST CERTAINLY WAS NOT!The video looked as if it had been stolen from a VHS copy of a copy of a copy of some copy someone found in the bin , and then copied again!I FEEL VIOLATED!RENTAL !? REALLY !? SHould be FREE , and there should bloody well have been notification UP FRONT that the aspect was NTSC 4:3 ratio , and a copy of a VHS tape!HOW COULD YOU DO THIS AMAZON?SO LET DOWN . > : -LRB-
 Poor quality movie print . Movie was worse than the quality of the movie print . I would not recommend this movie .
 20-words : Bad story.Bad production.Bad acting.Bad effects.Bad sound.If you have a headache , this movie will make it worse.Enjoy .
 This movie was good in its day . But this copy was of poor quality the movie was hard to see as if it was a very low quality copy . Save your money it was not worth it .
 I had seen `` Hanger 18 '' years ago on a VHS cassette tape . I was anticipating a big improvement of the DVD version . Sadly , it was not to be.The visual quality of the DVD was not even as good as the VHS cassette ! Indeed , it almost appeared to be a `` rip '' of the VHS to DVD using some sort of ripping software ; and not good ripping software at that.Plot was good , acting was good , even the special effects were good for a 1980 's movie . I just could not get around the poor visual quality.If I had seen a clip before I bought it , I would have never spent my money .
 The picture and sound quality of this dvd was terrible . It appeared to be a dvd copy made from an old VHS tape . I would never have orderd this item had I known what poor quality it was .
 I Loved this movie when it came out . Not a block buster but a fun movie . The Conversion to DVD looks like they found an old copy that was lying around in box of old video tapes , and converted to DVD format . The DVD and Digital versions are the same quality , lousy .
 An easy tribute to bad moviemaking - slipshod acting , cheap effects , atrocious scriptwriting - all riding atop a monstrously idiotic premise . However , that being said , I thought it fit well within the general UFO and `` ancient aliens '' mania that dominated during this period of Americana , circa the late 1970s . Tells the story of a crashed alien spacecraft that was accidentally brought down by a shuttle orbiter crew . The same crew that would be publicly blamed for the death of one of their fellow astronauts in order to cover up the crash . And why ? So that the news announcing the discovery of extraterrestrial aliens would n't interfere with the re-election campaign of the sitting president.Got that ? The premise of this flick is that the powers behind the throne , most notably the president 's Chief of Staff , wants to avoid panic before an * election * . Sidestepping the fact they would never release that kind of information , short of the UFO crashing directly into Times Square . The fracturing of social order , financial meltdown , mass public panic and potential global collapse might , one would presume , take precedence in the order of priorities.From there the story , and especially the following scientific inquiry , spins off its wheels careening toward the ludicrous and blatantly stupid.Unsurprisingly , the story comes on the heels of Watergate . And , with or without UFOs , this is essentially an uninspired government conspiracy flick . So ` Hangar ' is fairly representative of the times and mentality of filmmakers during this period which saw a plethora of similar productions.Actually , and sadly , it 's not that all different today after 9/11 , except with the added twist of planetary invasion and/or human armageddon.What interests me is the Hollywood mindset and how it fixes the fears and fascination of people in the mid-1970s to a specific paranoid pinwheel . If I live long enough , as a cinephile , I 'll be very interested to see how future Americans will view the 00 's and teens that we 're living through now.In that vein , I see ` Hangar ' less as a movie for entertainment and more a social time capsule on film.Move Note
 I completely agree with the other reviewer 's opinion this edition stinks ! It 's ashame the East Side Kids series does n't get better treatment . I understand these films are pretty much considered bottom of the barrel poverty row entertainment whose appeal to modern day audiences is extremely limited at best , but c'mon if your gon na take the time to release the stuff at all at least make sure it 's watchable . The antics of Leo Gorcey , Huntz Hall and the boys have a certain charm that deserves to be remembered in a better form than this ! If you 've never checked out or even heard of the East Side Kids before do yourself a favor and look them up , trashy teen exploitation from a time long ago , corny yet hip -LRB- I guess for it 's day ?! -RRB- , the 30 's and 40 's equivalent of today 's Road trip and American Pie type teen flix -LRB- minus the sex of course ! -RRB- . Let 's hope these pics get released in better form some day !
 I can not tell you much about the movie , the Gotham Distributors / Alpha Video DVD is so bad that I had to stop it 10 minutes in and force the store to accept the return of an open DVD.The AUDIO is DISTORDED , making it very hard to understand Leo Gorcey 's humorous banter.The VIDEO is WASHED OUT so that you can not see their faces.The film print they used was also splicy , but that would have been tolerable if you could see & hear the movie . Wait until someone like Platinum , Front Row , Brentwood , or Goodtimes releases this public domain title .
 Pride Of The Bowery finds the Eastside Kids at a CCC camp with a bunch of other `` kids '' . Muggs -LRB- Leo Gorcey -RRB- ca n't seem to keep out of trouble in this film.The plot is thin , the acting atrocious , the production values almost non-existant . Best for fans of the Eastside Kids .
 This undistinguished effort -LRB- which seems like a promotion for Franklin Roosevelt 's CCC camps of that time -RRB- is very disliked by most of today 's film historians and critics . Though not a total turkey , it 's still very slow-paced and , like the majority of the Bowery Boys/East Side Kids films , is badly dated . If there is a message in this movie , it gets lost in uninspired , forced humor , uneven scripting , and generally unappealling performances .
 Just finished watching `` Hanger '' . was a complete waste . badly acted . badly written -LRB- I bet that there was no script and the `` actors '' were improving -LRB- badly -RRB- -RRB- . This has to be the most poorly edited film I 've ever seen . Some pointless scenes go on for too long while others cut MID-SENTENCE to go to another scene also joined MID-SENTENCE . seriously , someone got paid for this . And to have to where with all to want to put your name in the credits for this ; simply more shocking than the movie itself . Very little gore , for some reason the camera is never at the right angle to capture the violence or it 's eluded to in some convoluted manner i.e. shadows on a wall -LRB- which they did n't get right either as the viewer can plainly tell by the SIZE of the shadows that the persons are not even near each other to preform what is being depicted . -RRB- That 's all the time I 'll waste here , marking this whole production team off my projected movie watching que ...
 After recently watching Gutterballs , appreciating the gore , and overall finding it to be an enjoyable film I decided to order Hanger . Although most of the other reviews regarding this film were mixed , I truly had an open mind and semi-high hopes with it , due to the directors previous work , however it really was a let down . The acting was really bad , and while there were some scenes which were graphic , for the most part it just came across as stupid . What was probably most upsetting is that you do n't feel any connection/sympathy toward any of the characters , which made Hanger very hard to sit through . Very boring , unfortunately . If you are looking for raunchy/entertaining/good gore check out gutterballs ... If your looking for extreme horror I would suggest A Serbian Film , and Martyrs .
 I love horror movies and read the other reviews -LRB- WHICH MUST BE FROM PEOPLE WHO MADE OR KNOW PEOPLE FROM THE MOVIE -RRB- I took a chance and picked it up . `` MISTAKE '' very little death scenes and gore , mustly low grade porn scenes . This movie was beyond bad and puts you to sleep . KEEP YOUR MONEY AND TIME AWAY AT ALL COST .
 Hanger is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Its only redeeming quality is the rather abundant nudity . Other than that , it 's a badly scripted and acted piece of junk . I 'm not easily offended , but there were moments in this `` film '' that disgusted me . I ca n't believe this was directed by Ryan Nicholson , who directed the ultra-gory funfest Gutterballs . That was one of my favorite movies of 2008 . And Hanger is one of my least favorite movies of this year or any other . Skip it .
 5-star reviews for this ? I hope you people do n't breed , but I 'm afraid that 's probably wishful thinking . There is really nothing that could describe this movie . It manages to sink to a low that can not be found anywhere else -- well , at least in MY movie viewing . There 's nothing wrong with B-trash , e.g. Troma has made several
 Dont waste your money nor time watching this awful rotten film . There really is no point to it except to try to disgust you which it doesnt even do !! 90 minutes of pointless stupid scenes that go nowhere . Avoid this trash at all costs !!
 A movie with such talent as Ted Danson -LRB- Cheers , Bodyheat -RRB- and Mary Steenburgen seems bound for critical and commercial success . But when the actors try to portray a character that is out of their creative range , the movie falls apart . Washington Bellamy -LRB- Danson -RRB- is a nutty elementary school science teacher , with a shut-in wife -LRB- Steenburgen -RRB- who has n't left the house in seven years , and a eleven year old son -LRB- Ryan Todd -RRB- that has never taken a ride in an automobile . The year was 1969 , Bellamy , as was the rest of America , is captivated with the voyage of the Apollo XI to the moon . Bellamy calculates that the mileage on his 1949 Pontiac Chief needs only 1776 miles before the mileage on the odometer is the exact same distance to the moon . Bellamy and his son run away without Mrs. Bellamy knowing . He has timed the car trip to reach the Spires of the Moon in Idaho right at the time the lunar module is landing on the moon . But this turns out not to be such an easy trip . They meet trouble on the highway , argue with one another , getting into a brawl at a restaurant , taking along an Indian recluse , and hide from the law.Danson 's acting is sour , trying to hard to act serious . This is the rough post-Cheers , pre-Becker era in his career , taken along this project just to stay in the spotlight as long as he can . Steenburgen is pathetic as a agoraphobic , over dramatizing every line . Other than those two , as well as Todd , the movie is filled with unknown actors , accumulating one of the worst acting performances of a cast in a movie , ever . The story overall is good , but the acting just plain and simple ruined it for me . From the backside , I wish Danson would have never taken off that toupee .
 A movie with such talent as Ted Danson -LRB- Cheers , Bodyheat -RRB- and Mary Steenburgen seems bound for critical and commercial success . But when the actors try to portray a character that is out of their creative range , the movie falls apart . Washington Bellamy -LRB- Danson -RRB- is a nutty elementary school science teacher , with a shut-in wife -LRB- Steenburgen -RRB- who has n't left the house in seven years , and a eleven year old son -LRB- Ryan Todd -RRB- that has never taken a ride in an automobile . The year was 1969 , Bellamy , as was the rest of America , captivated with the voyage of the Apollo XI to the moon . Bellamy calculates that the mileage on his 1949 Pontiac Chief needs only 1776 miles before the mileage on the odometer is the exact same distance to the moon . Bellamy and his son run away without Mrs. Bellamy knowing . He has timed the car trip to reach the Spires of the Moon in Idaho right at the time the lunar module is landing on the moon . But this turns out not to be such an easy trip . They meet trouble on the highway , argue with one another , getting into a brawl at a restaurant , taking along an Indian recluse , and hide from the law.Danson 's acting is sour , trying to hard to act serious . This is the rough post-Cheers , pre-Becker era in his career , taken along this project just to stay in the spotlight as long as he can . Steenburgen is pathetic as a agorophobic , over dramatizing every line . Other than those two , as well as Todd , the movie is filled with unknown actors , accumulating one of the worst acting performances of a cast in a movie , ever . The story overall is good , but the acting just plain and simple ruined it for me . From the backside , I wish Danson would have never taken off that toupee .
 Pontiac Moon is a movie that you have to see ... because it 's so terrible ! There are so many parts of the movie that do n't need to be there ... like when Washington -LRB- Ted Danson -RRB- visits his freak brother I mean whats the point . Anyway , you must rent this movie . It will always be on the shelf at the movie rental store ... because this movie STINKS !
 Unlike other DVDs bought at amazon ... The DVD player in Colombia would n't let me watch this one because of the zone ...
 Only reason I watched it was For Celia Cruz and James Brown , And of course you have Ali Running his mouth off as usual with his 5 % er views and you B.B. King , Other than That I do n't care What Miriam Makeba has to say it about colonies etc.Nor Do I care for The BLACK FASCISM Movement , NOI , Panthers , Etc. . That Africa was and Still needs Help is no one 's fault , Why not Have Belgium and France and The EU handle it ? Instead We send money and Aid over to People who Sadly will never make it , And Black Americans certainly ca n't Criticize as they are only able to throw `` Concerts '' and `` Festivals '' or Get back to Afro-Centric Roots -LRB- Roots that Have laid Dormant for Most for over 400Years -RRB- Unless your Parents are Literally From Africa . That 's not to say this will not appeal to the Bleeding Heart Save the World Liberal or The Radical.James Brown & Celia Rock ! Hate on Player .
 The 2 Celia Cruz performances and 3 James Brown numbers are great , and maybe the best visual quality you 'll find -- they had cameras right on stage with them . Imagine what this DVD could have been , but instead :1 . So little music . The film is short , and the first half is documentary footage with special emphasis on the guys setting up the lights -LRB- feel free to fast forward -RRB- . One example is the Celia Cruz performance on the plane , which they intercut with the lighting guys miles away to try to kill the mood . The other acts are all only given one song , showing the producers ' disinterest in the great African music before their eyes . Which brings us to2 . No Congo perspective . The film gives us the Americans Abroad view , them happy to be there and do the concert . When Africans are shown , they are in crowds and what they say is never translated . The deleted scenes take this to extremes , with exoticized images of anonymous markets -LRB- where are they ? -RRB- , letting the people chatter away with no subtitles . Imagine making a documentary in a foreign country and not interviewing even a single person from there . Who was Mobutu and why was this concert held ? You 'll never find out from this DVD.Presumably the rest of the footage exists , and maybe someday we 'll get a decent DVD , including , say , a 30-minute doc of behind-the-scenes footage with the Congolese , the Americans , the Cubans , and how it all went down ; separately , at least 2 hours of main concert performances ; 30 minutes of jamming and sound checks -LRB- the 5 minutes of this on the deleted scenes is a highlight of the current DVD -RRB- .
 There was nothing worth noting in this film , and no reason to go out of your way to see it.In order for a horror movie to work it needs at least one of the following :1 -RRB- Actual scares .2 -RRB- Gore/interesting deaths .3 -RRB- Characters you either fear for or identify with .4 -RRB- Interesting sets .5 -RRB- Tension regarding whether a character lives or dies.This film had none of the above . There were no scares . There was no gore . The characters had no depth and no personality . The set was a typical Japanese home with no character . There was no tension , as you could flawlessly predict whether someone would live or die . Never once did you feel tension towards their outcome , and never did you care , as they were cardboard , anyway.The movie begins with promise . The colors and angles will feel familiar if you saw the Ring , but it begins with promise , giving a mysterious death and a very creepy child.It does n't last , though . You soon realize that the deaths happen off camera and are usually unexplained . You realize the main ghost is a very confused looking Japanese woman with a facial expression that is supposed to be terror but is so over the top it 's pure humor . And you 'll realize the characters have no purpose other than to die . None of them say anything interesting , none have any unique characteristics . You could take the lines from one mouth and put them in another without noticing . * minor spoiler * The end is terrible , too . The ghost gets a character face to face , inches away , but saves the character instead of killing the character . Of course , this does n't stop the ghost from stalking the character and giving the `` surprise '' in the end . Why did n't it just kill the character when it had the chance ? * end spoiler * A movie with a decent concept but terrible , dull , and mindless execution . There 's nothing confusing , nothing mysterious , nothing disturbing , nothing scary , nothing intelligent , and mostly nothing interesting to be seen in this movie .
 I suppose I could give this move a better rating if it made sense . But basically it is just a compilation of creepy moments to make people jump , that 's all . Speaking of jumping this movie jumps and bounces around like a check from Delta Airlines . I had no idea what was going on , except for the fact that something terrible happened to two people in this house a long time ago and now they are pissed off and became Scary Eyed Cripple Woman and her sidekick Cat-Boy . Just when I think I am beginning to understand what is going on , another wrench is thrown in the mix making me realize that I do n't know what the hell is going on . The characters and acting in this movie are pretty bad , but I must admit not horrible . I was about to fall asleep on this movie on several occasions , however the writers must have known when people are about to fall asleep then they bring out a scary scene to make you jump and keep you awake.The only thing this movie accomplished is that it did keep me watching it for the entire movie , but in hindsight , I ca n't believe I was able to sit through this . While I admit this movie did scare me in a few places , I was VERY disappointed at the ending ... IT MADE NO SENSE ! It reminded me off the old horror movies from my teenage years that always would leave you hanging.If you want to be scared then you definitely will be in this movie , but as far as being a genuine horror movie , you are looking the WRONG place ! It has some very good scary moments , but it 's too bad there is not a story line to go along with it .
 There 's nothing really wrong with this movie , but there 's nothing really great about it either . It 's just kinda there , like vanilla pudding.There are some decent jump scares throughout , but other than that it 's pretty much your standard haunted house story . Except this one 's set in Japan , a choice which I can not understand at all . It made all those gaijins stick out like sore thumbs and I kept wondering what Ted Raimi was doing in Japan.The writing was sophomoric , the acting was uninspired and the direction felt like a Japanese director doing an American version of his original Japanese story . It ended being the cinematic equivalent of Yoshinoya Beef Bowl . Not Japanese or American enough to be any good , it takes the worst elements of both and combines them into a $ 2.99 Teriyaki Chicken Meal .
 While the remake of the Japanese version was mildly entertaining and scary , this sequel is just a poor excuse to wri ng out more money out of the public.The story has so many holes in it that you feel like you are watching a movie while dozing off and waking up - you are constantly asking yourself , what just happened ? The filmmakers were trying too hard to create suspense and intrigue with a non-linear flow to the story -LRB- Memento , Fight Club ? -RRB- in which they fail miserably.Save your money and rent the original Japanese version if you have n't seen it already .
 The film has the same premise as the first
 Sometimes it 's best to stop when you are ahead . I loved the first film . It was very scary , in my opinion , one of the scariest films I 've seen - even more so than the first Nightmare on Elm Street and Texas Chainsaw Massacre . But this film uses some of the same gimmicks to get scares as the first film . So naturally , seeing them the second time is n't scary . The movie is also a bit incoherent . It jumps around a bit in time and plot to the point that it 's hard to follow . It leaves you thinking , `` what 's going on ? '' I love Japanese horror and some of the American remakes , but this one is one to skip . Go watch The Ring , both American and Japanese versions , the first Grudge film , the American version , or any of the numerous other films of this sort out there - The Locker 1 and 2 , Pulse , Pray , and Dark Water -LRB- all the Japanese versions -RRB- are more good ones to see .
 You know ? People were comparing this movie to `` The Ring , '' but other than having the origional done in Japan , there 's no comparison.The main character -LRB- played by Sarah Michelle Gellar -RRB- is living in Japan and takes this job of house sitting with an elderly man.Of course the house has some history , the usual death and messed up people.The ghost of a woman comes back and haunts the living heck out of the characters in this movie.The only problem was it was n't scary.There was this gutteral sound that the ghost woman made , which was a little eerie , but not enough to give someone nightmares ... or the creeps at all.I gave it two stars because the Japanese come up with some wicked cool scary movies!But it 's okay to miss this one.If you have n't seen it , go see `` The Ring '' or better yet , `` Ringu ''
 The best thing I have ever seen Bill Pullman do was at the beginning of this uninspired yet marginally creepy film . It is worth owning just to watch Mr. Bill 's first scene . He has owed us this ever since Mr. Wrong . Thank you Bill , thank you SOOOO much . It was only fair.The rest of the movie is creepy in parts , but breaks its own rules more than once . Once you finally make sense of it , you will realize that it was only confusing because it broke its own set guidelines for what is happening . Even the writer made statements in the `` making of '' doc that contradict what happens in the final flashbacks . He says something about a certain someone `` not knowing why she was murdered '' , but that particular person knows only too well why she is being attacked.Leave it to Sam Raimi to cheapen and commercialize a legitimately original Japanese film , inject Hollywood mainstay actors who are known for being little more than cardboard cut-outs , and then supress the truly inspired film so that Americans wont ever see it . Shame on you , Samuel P. Raimi , and all others who are suppressing the True Art of film . The 20th century saw the creation of the film medium , the 21st century will see its destruction . That is , if those who love film do n't do something about it . Films are not made to be REMADE , they are made to stand in their own right . What 's next on the agenda ? Remake Vertigo ? Remake Raging Bull ? Where does it end ? Remake The Godfather ? Citizen Kane ? They 'll do it . And people will pay to see it . -LRB- sigh -RRB- Oh well . At least Bill Pullman did the right thing , at long last .
 Hollywood are rapidly running out of ideas when it comes to new films , and have been remaking Japanese films . This one is all too similar to The Ring , but has some pretty good jump scenes in it . But it 's instantly forgettable , and Sarah Michelle Gellar just does not work . It 's ridiculous that regular people ca n't go see the original versions of films , they probably would more , if Hollywood was n't so determined to remake films , and put American actors in just to make it more viewer friendly . What utter nonsense.The only good thing about this film was the little boy who appears . He is so creepy . I jumped so many times , he 's a talented actor for someone so young , and can show so much with just his eyes . It 's also very well edited , and is quick enough to make you think `` did I just see that ? `` There 's too many of your usual horror movie cliches in this , including looking for something in an attic with only a lighter to light your way and a character following another character that should n't or is n't there in the first place . There 's also no character development , and it took me a wee while to work out why the character had done what he did in the first place . In fact , I 'm still not sure what happened . Most of the characters are severely underused , Bill Pullman & Clea Duvall being the main two , and instead all the focus is on Sarah Michelle Gellar . Who just does n't work in this kinda role . I know she appeared in many episodes of Buffy , but I 've never seen it , so I ca n't compare . There just was n't something right . Her face was also very distracting , there 's something NOT right with her nose . It 's almost like she 's been under the knife , cos I do n't remember her nose being like that!The timeline just does n't make any sense to me , there 's a couple of different storylines happening , which are linked , but one storyline is going forwards in time , and another is going backwards . Get your head around that one if you will.This is n't an enjoyable film . It starts off with a apparently unexplained suicide , and then carries on . Just pay attention , and be freaked out .
 At exactly 17 minutes and 45 seconds into `` The Grudge , '' the ever-reliable cat jumps out of a closet and scares somebody . I tell you this only so that you will know when you will be able to take a quick refreshment and/or restroom break and not miss anything . It also pretty much underscores the modus operandi of this film , which is `` do n't bother with something new when something old will do . '' For although `` The Grudge '' is a remake of a recent Japanese film -LRB- `` Ju-On , '' made by the same director , Takashi Shimizu -RRB- , there really is n't anything here that we have n't seen hundreds of times before in haunted house movies made east of the International Date Line.The bland Sarah Michelle Gellar plays a young foreign exchange student living in Japan who volunteers as a care worker in her spare time . When she is sent to the home of a strangely `` lethargic '' woman , Gellar begins to suspect that there is something not quite right about the residence . From then on , she and several other people , who also share a connection with the house , are haunted by a ghoulish specter who keeps popping up in the strangest places and at the most inopportune moments to exact her revenge for being done away with in an untimely manner -LRB- although none of the people she pesters had anything to do with her demise -RRB- . Although there are a few mildly suspenseful moments scattered throughout the film , `` The Grudge '' is simply too derivative and too hackneyed to register much of an impact on our psyches , with a great deal of its imagery ripped-off from that seminal horror film `` Carnival of Souls . '' The story makes very little sense when you start to analyze it seriously and , after all the huffing and puffing to arrive at a stunning climax , the ending deflates like a slowly leaking balloon . I have n't seen the original version , so I have no idea how it compares to this one . But I can hardly imagine it was anywhere near as undistinguished and lackluster as this one is -LRB- or else why remake it ? -RRB- . Even with the same director at the controls , perhaps something simply got lost in the translation .
 This movie is alright . It has it 's moments , but really is n't that scary . I do n't understand why the movie even had to take place in Japan and star someone like Sarah Michelle Gellar . Anyway , I 'm glad I did n't pay $ $ $ to see this movie .
 Yes , it 's a very lame movie , for the reasons stated by many others . The movie basically is the evil spirit killing people . That 's it . Death scenes are the spirit making that creaking sound and then whisking away her victim into subspace . Boring . Please avoid this movie if at all possible .
 This movie was ridiculously hard to follow for many people I watched it with and sort of lost its plot line . Typical horror cliches were amplified such as the room at the end of the hall has the scary things behind it . Characters enter the dark room . At least the first one had the sweet security camera scene . Not at all up to par with the first one .
 Do n't believe the hype . This movie sucks . Nothing happened . The ghost of a boy and a lady showed up every now and then , then the movie ended . I 'm not one to usually complain about or laugh at cheap effects . I actually think that the so called low buget 1980s movies look a lot more realistic than todays CGI . But I just had to laugh at the sound that the ghosts made . I imediately reconized it as a sound I used to make with my mouth all the time as a wee lad .
 Although I did n't find The Ring terrifying , this movie surely is n't terrifying at all . But I guess you ca n't expect much horror in a PG-13 rated movie . It has also been compared to the movie 28 Days Later which is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Sarah Michelle Gellar tries to give a shocking performance in this movie but fails terribly . She moves to Tokyo to continue her nursing career and learns about mysterious deaths and she tries to find the source of the deaths . All I can remember about this film is the stupid looking child who once he opens his mouth and you are witness to it , you die . We find out the child is a ghost who died a terrible death and now is seeking revenge . No blood , no gore , not scary and overall disappointing . I hope they do n't plan to make The Grudge 2 . If you are curious and have not seen this movie , please rent it first and do n't waste the money to buy it !
 It 's predictable , no great story , and just plain boring - I fell asleep every time I tried to watch it , and then this morning I got it out and made myself stay awake to watch it - I should of slept - my dreams have better plots to them ... To me , it just did n't keep my interest ... I like movies that have scenes you do n't expect - original and not similar to other movies . . I give it 2 stars just because I got some much needed sleep ... Buy this movie if your having trouble catching some zzzzzzsss ...
 This is the same old horror ghost story just in a different package . I explected nothing and got what i expected .
 This movie is as pointless as two squirrels screwing in a wool sock.First of all , it 's not scary . Neither the plot nor characters provide any real `` horror '' . In fact , Toy Story was slightly scarier than The Grudge . Simply because there are a few shock scenes , in which the main device to shock is a sudden change from very quiet to very loud , does not make a horror movie . What 's more , it sure does n't make a good horror movie.Sarah Michelle Gellar gives a lifeless performance as the lead . I suspect that for this abomination of acting she 'll be lashed until she drops , never to receive a lead role again in which she does n't show full frontal nudity . The only way she 'll be investigating any more deaths is in a Scooby Doo sequel.Oh my ! There 's a person in the attic . Wow ! There 's a mute , old woman . Watch out ! There 's a little Japanese kid meowing like a cat . It 's simply people walking from one dark room to the next , being confused by whatever nonsense could be imagined without rhyme or reason.It is incomprehensible , boring , lame , and predictable . If it were n't for the director 's well-placed jump scenes , strategically selected to shake-up an entire audience of people in full REM , this movie would be perfect for someone with terrible insomnia .
 Another example of money-bloodsucking ideas of studioslearn to wait ! ... . they eventually will learn to tell people their plans
 I rented this movie on pay-per-view on a Friday night when I was really in the mood for something scary . Not only was it not scary , it was boring . And enough we the meowing kid ! The kid and the cat were killed in the same tragic accident but I do n't understand how they merged into one . Or why the kid was wearing eyeliner . Do n't waste your money on this movie .
 I settle in to watch this movie , really in the mood for a little scare and creepiness . After the first half hour , I am totally disinterested - wondering how a movie that I thought was received well could be so boring . I was laughing at this movie - the `` ghosts '' were quite funny with those stupid noises they make.I should add that I actually get scared and creeped out by horror movies all the time . I will watch one , and then if I am alone or walking around my house at night actually start turning on lights , getting that creepy feeling . Many horror movies have done this to me over the years , This movie never drew me in or provided any of the fun scares in any way.Bottom line
 i was so excited that i finally got to watch the movie last week . since my parents did n't let me watch it wit my friends in the cinemas when it first came out.tell u wat , it turned out to be SUCH a disappointment . i actually laughed at some of the scenes . a `` horror '' film ? u 've got to be kidding me . this is one of the worst horror films i 've ever seen in my life if not downright the worst . the actors/actresses showed no talent at all throughout the film . and i just thought that the plot and theme was ridiculous.this is the slowest moving film on earth i can guarantee u that u 'll fall asleep during it.it 's a total waste of time , do n't bother buying the dvd if u got that on mind . it 's not even worth watching one time .
 This film is so stupid.Short summary of this film
 Title said it all , I guess they were trying to make the big bucks by having Sam Rami 's name on it . Stupid title and also stupid movie .
 This movie is terrible ! Not only is the acting awful , the story is hard to follow and it 's just stupid in general . I have nothing good to say about this movie . It was n't even scary !
 The dumbist movie I have ever seen ... This movie is really a comedy . The mother ghost sounds like she drank a 2 liter of coke because all she does is burp through the whole movie !!! And the son is a catlike freak who walks around meowing at people . The special effects are a rip-off of the ring and darkness falls . And you better watch out because if you are bad ... You will disappear through your own BED !!! I have watched horror movies my whole life and I have to say this is the worst ever . Please save your time and money , I can only wonder how bad boogieman must be .
 When I went into the theaters to expect a frighteneing horror film , the only thing that my mind could receive from the torment for 2 hours was that the movie was too perdictable . Everytime at every scene that had someone alone you knew something was going to pop up and kill the person . I just got sick of seeing things pop up after every scene . I did n't even have a second to figure out the story line because i was interupted every 8 seconds because something new would pop out . That stupid little girl that had some broncitus or throat disease got on my nerves within eight minutes of the film , and the little kid in the movie was nothing but a disturbed little boy who needed much attention . If i were you , who ever is reading this or wants to see this movie , i recommend you rent it and decide on your own . i was disaspointed becuase it was presented as a Pathetic Teen Movie . If you thought American Pie is your favorite movie which is pathetic than you will think this movie is your god , because thats how horrible and mediocre this film is . Its boring , and it lacks orginality . The girl constantly killing people at will gave me the impression that the filmmakers wanted to make a film out of the life story of Aileen Wuornos , that girl in the movie `` Monster '' . But this time she just kills random people because they set there foot in her doorway ... lame ... . I expected better from Sam Riami . Yet he is still a good director and this is just one of his flops . Well every director has at least one flop on their resume , excpet for Martin Scorcese . I would say not one of his films are a flop . O and do not bother watching Ju-On its exactly the same thing without the CGI evil girl . Instead a girl with make up which looks more real was protraying the whatever girl she is . i just call her the evil girl ...
 I 'm not sure why , but I had high expectations for this movie . It was extremely hyped up when it was released , and alot of people responded . However the movie failed to deliver . In an effort to maintain a PG-13 rating , the filmmakers and editors began a pattern early on . This pattern was fading to black everytime something exciting began to happen . In the beginning all that happens is a couple different people in different places get so scared that they become speechless . Some seem to have been scared to death . I actually just made the movie sound better than it is . It 's not a good horror movie . You ca n't gather up a bunch of frightening images and call it a horror movie . I was very disappointed , I feel that most others might also be disappointed . In the DVD features there is a featurette called `` Under the Skin '' , it talks about what makes us scared and why we like to be scared when we watch horror movies . It was kinda interesting , but this movie did n't arouse any fear under my skin .
 Anyone who has viewed The Ring , will see many similarities between these two movies . It was very predictable what was going to happen in this movie . If you have seen The Ring you will know exactly what happens . I guess these screen writers think they can get away with rewritting The Ring . The women killers where both alike down to the hair covering the face and only one eye showing . Also we have the freaky phone calls , and the curse that will never end . All the screen writers did is changed everything over to Japanese ; thinking no one would recognize this movie as being The Ring . I was really looking forward to seeing this movie , but after viewing it , I wanted my 1 1/2 hr back . This movie was very disappointing , and I hope I will save someone the time of not watching this movie . If I wanted to watch The Ring I would have pulled it out of my cabinet and saved my self $ 20.00 .
 So awful ! None of this made sense until the end , but barely , and even then the turnout was n't good . Do n't waste your time .
 * No Spoilers * We had enough of lame Japanese films . This new `` wave '' of horror movies like `` The Ring , '' `` Pulse '' and now `` The Grudge 2 '' does n't seem to have an end . The genre is played out but that did n't stop the producers from creating this sequel which is a sad and incomprehensible follow-up of the decent 2004 first version . To understand this film -- which is nearly impossible until the end -- you would have to see the first movie.Brief Story : The film has basically three plots , but in a way they are connected to each other . The first plot is a follow-up of what happened to Karen Davis -LRB- Sara Michele Gellar -RRB- who barely survived the ghosts of the haunted house . Mrs. Davis -LRB- Joanna Cassidy -RRB- asks her other daughter Aubrey to investigate what happened to her sister Karen . She travels to Japan to bring Sara home . Now in Japan , she finds her in the hospital very paranoid about the ghosts of the house , but something terrible is about to happen.The second plot is about three school girls who visit the haunted house . One of the girls has to go to the closet for some kind of initiation that we do n't know about . Suddenly the girl sees the ghost of the child . She tries to get out but the door jammed . They all panic and leave the girl in the closet with the ghost . Unfortunately , they are about to find out the hard way that the place was not to be visited.The third plot takes place in the US where a new family moves to an old building . A young kid suddenly notices that the building is haunted and the `` strange lady '' that lives next door has something to do with it . People are starting to act weird in this building because of the evil presence.Review : Less scary and sillier than the original , `` The Grudge 2 '' takes you to a boring and confusion movie experience . The movie suffers from too many plots that confuse the audience rather than scare them . We have to wait until the end to find out how everything relates to each other . This time around the ghosts are outsourcing from Japan to the US . They do n't care whether you visit the house or not . Now these menaces are getting medieval to people for no apparent reason . These ghosts behave now like viruses that will haunt and kill whoever is on their way -- even a young little boy -- just to show their rage . The so-called scary moments are not scary at all . They are lame , mechanical and cheap imitations of the original 2004 first version . What 's sad is that , this time around , the writers have to make the actresses show some `` skin '' to please the male teen audience . This is what the filmmakers have to use to get some kind of momentum going for this movie.In the technical department the movie does n't do a good job either . The editing is very sloppy and extremely confusion . We have three plots that are poorly mixed together . Sometimes we are in Japan and sometimes the ghosts are outsourcing in the US . The photography of the film is identical to its predecessor , but that 's the only thing that resemblances the original . In the sound department , the movie will make you laugh . We hear sillier noises than the original . Instead of getting scared , you might laugh at the sounds these ghosts make -- We personally like the angry `` kitty '' sound.The Verdict : A terrible sequel of a decent horror film , `` The Grudge 2 '' could have been a straight-to-video release if it was n't for the beautiful Sara Michelle Gellar . No scary moments but many funny ones -- unintentionally , of course .
 even if there were on option for 0 stars , i 'd still have to consider giving this movie 1 star . only because sarah michelle gellar is in it . she 's the only decent actor in the movie , which is never scary , never suspenseful , and completely lacks a plot . it re-creates the scare scenes of the original `` grudge '' only they 're not scary this time , because we do n't care anything about the characters going through it . a horrible waste of time , and this comes from someone who really appreciates horror films , even bad ones . this movie made `` the ring 2 '' look like a really good , really scary movie . skip it . do n't waste your time .
 I was real excited when I heard about this movie , but to my avail this movie was absolutly horrible . One of the worst movies period . I felt like it was a cheap `` The Ring '' knock off.The graphical effects were good and keeping the mood was good but there were no meat and potatoes to this skeletal film
 I really wish the current tend of remaking foreign horror movies would just end now . Sometimes you need to realize the movie was lacking in the first place . The Ring was horrible and the original was even worse . Darkness does not deserve to even have a rating . After watching The Grudge , that says it all . It was simply put . . horrible . Most of todays current horror movies are geared towards young teenagers that are just now experiencing horror movies and in that case , they probably work . The other core audience are movie viewers whose favorite movies are movies dramas and comedies and decide to see a horror movie `` once in awhile '' . Obviously the sight of some kid who pops up every 25 mins to make a funny sound will scare them . I just kept thinking it looked like something out of a Bill Cosby Puddin Pop commercial and the kid was hungry . Also , the kids were TOO similar to characters from The Ring . I find that much of the Japanese horror scene is starting to repeat itself . I recommend Audition or Living Hell for the true horror fanatic . Although the true horror fanatic will have most likely already seen these . If you are a serious horror fan , skip this movie .
 THIS MOVIE SUCKED . THE ONLY GOOD PART WAS THE CREDITS CAUSE YOU THE MOVIE WAS OVER . MANY THINGS IN THIS MOVIE SUCK . YOU KNOW IT HAS TO BE A BAD MOVIE IF IN THE BEGGING WHEN THE GUY COMMITS SUICIDE AND EVERYONE LAUGHS AT IT . I 'VE SEEN DISNEY MOVIES SCARYER THAN THE GRUDGE . BARNEY IS SCARYER THAN THE GRUDGE . I WOULD RATHER HAVE MY TEETH YANK OUT THEN SEE IT AGAIN . WHAT IS SCARY ABOUT SOME KID WHO MEOWS AND LOOKS LIKE HE IS ON DRUGS . IN THE GRUDGE THERE IS BATH TUB FULL OF BLACK WATER , WHEN THE GUY PUTS HIS HAND IN THE WATER HE PULLS OUT SOME HAIR MAKES YOU THINK IS THE REASON WHY THE WATER IS SO DIRTY IS BECAUSE THE HAIR IS CLOGGING THE DRAIN . THE CREATURE WAS N'T ORIGINAL IT WAS LIKE THE LITTE GIRL FROM THE RING . AROUND THE END SMG IS TRYING TO DRAG HER DEAD BOY FRIEND 'S CORPS AWAY FROM THE GRUDGE AND IT IS MOVEING SO SLOW -LRB- I GUESS THAT WAS BEST PART IN HIS ROLE BECAUSE HE WO N'T BE IN THE SEQUIL TO THE GRUDGE . IN THE END I ASK YOU , HOW DO YOU SAVE A HOUSE WHEN THERE IS LIKE 10 GALLONS OF GASOLINE IN AN OLD HOUSE AND A MATCH IS LIT AND IS THROWN ON TO THE 10 GALLONS OF GASOLINE ?
 You 'd think the director of the original Japanese series could turn out a decent sequel . But nooooooo ... Instead , `` The Grudge 2 '' is a detailed , shimmering example of why people loathe sequels , and how -LRB- with rare exceptions like preplanned trilogies -RRB- they are pretty much always bad . Overused spooks , lackluster acting and a plotless plotline are only a few of the things wrong with this croaking horror.Aubrey Davis -LRB- Amber Tamblyn -RRB- learns that her sister Karen -LRB- Sarah Michelle Gellar -RRB- is seriously ill , and goes to Japan to fetch her -- with horrifying results . Karen 's last warning
 I am still hoping for a film that establishes Sarah Michelle Gellar as a grown-up actress . This not it !
 I had the best weekend I 've had in several weeks , unfortunately I completely utterally botched up -LRB- when I could have been sleeping , or watching animal planet . I am not sure what exactly the purpose of the plot was . I am not sure what the meaning of the movie was . All I now I know is Buffy wore more makeup on TV than she did on the BIG SCREEN . PLEASE DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE . IF YOU REALLY FEEL AS IF YOU 'VE EARN THE MONEY YOU 'VE WORKED FOR !!!!!!!
 The simple fact that the leading character is Sarah Michelle Gellar should tell you enough . This movie is pure crap . There is not one part in this movie that is scary ... I was laughing and fast forwarding the DVD most of the time because I was able to anticipate every seen and grew tired of it dragging along . Boy did this movie just suck . Do n't listen to all the losers who think this is a good horror movie . Trust me , it blows .
 Last evening I had the major disappointment of viewing this so-called horror movie , and it was way more HORRIBLE than horror . The only `` scary '' part was some weird sound that came out of the `` ghosts '' mouth - sort of like a frog croaking . I was scared alright - scared that the sad actors playing the roles of the ghosts were perhaps in need of medical attention . The entire movie was a bore , had no real storyline that made any sense whatsoever , the acting was mediocre at best , and it was hard to follow . It seemed to go backwards in time and then forward , and in either tense , it was difficult to follow . Perhaps in Japan it was considered scary , and if so maybe in that culture scary would be some freak who kills his wife and kid when he discovers his wife has a schoolgirl crush on her teacher , and then the freak/coward hangs himself . The untimely death of the wife and child then causes them to become freaky ghosts - the wife , who is a contorsionist , slithering down stairs like a snake , croaks like a frog , with stringy hair and bloodshot eyes , and the son looking deathly pale except for black eyeliner around his eyes and instead of croaking , he screeches like a cat . It then appeared that the authorities -LRB- ie . police -RRB- , knew about the weird goings-on in the `` haunted house '' , so in that case , why not demolish it . It was a pathetic , ugly house in the first place , so seeing that murders took place in it , just knock it down and go on with life . Instead of being afraid of the odd ghosts , the rest of the cast who were supposed to be scared to death or near-death should have just had a good laugh into their croaking and screeching faces , and then maybe the ghosts would realize how ridiculous they were , and just go away . The ending left me feeling empty as I had no idea why the police and medical personel would allow Karen into a morgue to what ? see her dead boyfriend on a slab ??? , and since that was the case , why leave her alone in the morgue after she just went through such a tramatic experience in the haunted ugly house ??? Oh and lo and behold , just who materializes behind her but old bloodshot eyes herself complete with that `` scary '' croak voice . I still do n't know what the Grudge is , and maybe Ju-on means grudge in Japanese , even so , did the ghosts have a grudge on whoever entered their house ??? Terrible , terrible movie that deserves ZERO stars !!! Please do n't waste a dime on this waste of time !
 `` Yawn '' says it allFell asleep 3 times trying to watch it .
 I can not believe that some people like this movie . Like the title says , `` The movie sucks . '' I ` am not going to give you a deep and well thought out review , this movie does n't deserve that . Instead I ` am going to give you a list of why this movie sucks .1 -RRB- It only gives you cheap scares , which are n't very scary , that does not have any lasting effect .2 -RRB- The story line sucks . It tries to draw the viewer in by making it into a tragic love story that is n't very well done .3 -RRB- There is very little character development .4 -RRB- It 's VERY boring.I ` am now tired of wasting my life on this movie . I will end by saying if you want a good movie , do n't look here . Instead buy the japanese version . It 's about 20 times better that this piece of crap .
 This is a boring repackage of a Japanese horror film . Apparently , children hiding in a closet and catatonic old women are scary in Japan . Sarah Michelle Gellar should have stuck with Buffy . The `` Hush '' episode of Buffy is scarier than this movie .
 The movie The Grudge sucked because , it will kind of confuse you in a way.But then the movie is getting kind of good the director will kind of good , then the director will kind of do something tomess it all up . Like for example evey part when the monster is about to kill somebody and it gets good , and the director will ruind it by , the monster making a wierd noise.I think that the movie is one of the first movies I seen and regretting wasting money on it . When I sae the commercials I thought `` Hey ... I might like this movie , ... I should go see it when the movie comes out . '' But to my dissappointment , I didnt like it.I like the way the actors acted . Like they acted like if what was in the movie was actually happening to them in real life . The scene in the movie that I liked the most was when the guys sister was going to die . She went to hide under the blancket of her bed , but when she went to hide the monster was their and killed her . Other than that the movie was ok.In conclusion I think that the movie `` The Grudge '' was very patomine . I asked some people in my class and they all said that the movie was very obmutescence .
 To be honest with you , I did n't like THE GRUDGE 2 -LRB- That was my friend who wrote the previous review , sorry -RRB- . I rented the unrated director 's cut on Friday . I was expecting a better movie ... and that 's not what I got . The cover says `` Contains scenes too scary for theaters '' , that is a boldface lie . They cut out the scene where Kayako 's face presses up against the plastic . They do n't even include it in the deleted scenes , they just erase it like it never existed ! The new material is n't even scary , it 's just a bunch of stuff you do n't care about . So really , I do n't even reccomend any version of THE GRUDGE 2 , in fact I think it 's all utter garbage . But if I were to reccomend a version , it would be the the theatrical .
 Why is it the Spotlight Reviews here usually heap praise on whatever they review ? Could it be because they are more insightful than the other reviews ? Nah ... just look at the above reviews for The Grudge . Could it be because Amazon wants you to think the reviewed item is worthy , and you should buy it ? Hmmm ... Anyway , The Grudge is worth viewing once , but it does n't hold up much beyond that . There are no surprises here ; the `` secret '' to the plot is given away in the very beginning . The scary moments are purely manipulative and stereotypical . You know , a loud noise here , a blast of suspenseful music there . The only thing I liked about this movie was the cast , which included some decent actors . KayDee Strickland in particular seems to have a career ahead of her . I 'm a big Buffy fan , but Sarah Michelle Gellar pretty much sleepwalks through this movie . She does n't really seem to care what is going on , and I felt the same . Rent it once if you must , but do n't waste your money buying this film . It 's unlikely you will watch it more than once .
 The rule of thumb for watching any Japanese horror film that is remade in Hollywood is to go for the original , subtitles be damned . The one exception is The Ring.The Grudge remake , made by the exact same director of the original , is a series of confusing , disconnected creepy scenes until the end where you kinda-sorta get an explanation . No plot . Just typical stupid horror movie characters doing stupid things . `` Oh , let 's go check out that really creepy sound all by myself after I found my wife/mother/girlfriend / pet dead . `` On a positive note , it did introduce the definitely creepy guttural `` groan '' that has since been over-used -LRB- the latest in the 2013 flick `` Mama '' -RRB- . Having seen nearly all the Japanese horror flicks , there is a clear cultural fear of long black hair , water and eyeballs or mouths that are stretched/blacked out via CGI . When you experience it for the first time , it 's scary . The second time , it 's interesting . For the third , fourth , ... , it 's yaaawwwwwnnnn .
 ANOTHER STUPID MOVIE WITH NO PLOT OR STORY LINE AND ABOUT AS SCARRY AS A BUGS BUNNY CARTOON ... SAVE YOUR MONEY FOLKS . AND GRUDGE 2 AND 3 ARE EVEN WORSE ... I PURCHASED ALL 3 AND GAVE THEM AWAY AND I STILL FEEL GUILTY FOR STICKING SOMEONE ELSE WITH THEM ... HORRER FLICK NO ... HORRABLE FLICK YES !!!
 WHY ? WHY ? WHY ? How could you do this , Mr. Takashi Shimizu !? YOU SCARED MY MOM AND BROTHER WITH THIS RETARD MOVIE -LRB- but not me -LSB- HAHA ! -RSB- -RRB- , BANNING ALL OTHER HORRORS -LRB- CURSED , SLEEPY HOLLOW , etc. -RRB- TILL FREAKIN ' OCTOBER ! SAW was at least -LRB- never saw SAW -LSB- tee-hee ! -RSB- -RRB- supposed to be better than this CRAPPIEST PIECE OF CRAP IN CRAPTOWN ! Conclusion
 This is the most saddest excuse of a horror movie I have ever seen . I mean come on do people really think that meowing kids , and Japanese women in every picture of one guy is really scary ... I have seen Disney halloween movies scarier than this . poor special effects as well ... there is a part with some gost or zombie girl is crawling down the stairs of the house ... it looks like somthing you would see in a 50 's king kong or godzilla movie . I thought this movie would be better but the truth is the scariest parts were all put in the advirtisements on TV and those were n't even scary . If you want to see a scary movie watch George Romero 's movies . like Night of the living dead or the recent movie Land of the Dead
 This was pretty bad - I have to be more than a little irritated to take the time to write a review . First , the thing was in the model of a greek trajedy . It was just a series of bad things happening . It did not seem to matter if the characters were courageous or ingenious . It did not matter if they ran from the problems or faced them - there was no hope.Second - the flashbacks were badly done - it was never clear whether you were looking at past or present , and the plot was a hairball . Do yourself a favor and skip this one .
 I 'm a big SMG fan and so I watched this . Too bad I did n't read some of the reviews first . This was a big stinking waste of 2 hours of my life . It was the most disjointed movie I 've ever seen ; we leap from one silly , nonsensical part to the next and it is as disjointed as the goofy ghost-girl that pops up to drag people off to whatever lays beyond the mirror.Maybe if I 'd watched them in order this would have made sense , but now I 'm not even going to give the first one a chance because this one was so terrible .
 A sub par imitation of the first one and in some places , `` The Ring . '' Note to the director
 This movie stank . Had a good scene or two but made zero sense if you examined its plot . And then there was the chick killed while she was hiding under the blanket . Come on , everybody knows covering your head under a blanket makes you invulnerable to monster attack ! What rank amateurism ...
 This movie makes no sense at all , it does not explain why anything is happening , the cronologic line of the film is extreme confusing , and the characters are boring and has the carisma of a pineapple , do not buy this movie , do not rent this movie , if you see it in a store somewere run away screaming in terror .
 This film is an uninspired `` Son of '' the original Grudge . It tries to go back and pick-up where the first Grudge left off . It features some flashbacks to reacquaint the viewer with the shocking double murder that loosed the vengeance in the first place . Then it does its stuff , making us fear the terrible disjointed wraith with the veiling strings of black hair - around every shadowy corner , under every cover.The vengeful spirit does in fact become almost ubiquitous here . This film shows that its malignance is capable of transferring to and following people everywhere - even to towns and cities in the U.S. No one is safe.But the scares are all calculated copies of the inherent dread built up in the first film . There is n't much plot in this Grudge . The threat just appears on schedule - now here - now there . So unless you have a lot of time on your hands , you might do best to watch the original Grudge and be satisfied with just that much of the fearsome specter.However in case you should decide to check this II out - a word of clarification . Like the first Grudge , this movie was produced as a quasi-joint project involving both Japanese and American actors . But two of the American leads in the film look so much alike , I was confused and distracted from what little plot there was until I backtracked and saw my mistake . The actress who plays Sarah Michelle Geller 's sister , and the actress who plays the academy student taunted into going into the heart of darkness in the evil house , are made to look so much alike -LRB- identical hairdos , similar adolescent innocent faces -RRB- , I initially confused and conflated the two . Be alerted though - these are TWO DIFFERENT PEOPLE , involved in TWO DIFFERENT strands of suspense.Perhaps this similarity was also calculated by Director Shimizu . He might have wanted to turn the tables on a common Western stereotype and show us that it 's really Caucasians who all look alike .
 I could n't really follow what was going on at first . I finally figured out where I was supposed to follow the story about 3/4 of the way through the film . A lot of scenes dragged on , and there were times I had to stop the DVD and say I 'd come back later to finish . Usually , when you have big name actors in a horror movie -LRB- Sarah Michelle Gellar is no Tom Hanks , but she is pretty well known -RRB- , there 's usually more of a fixation on the actor and less with the story of the movie . Some other good examples of this would be Scream -LRB- Nev Campbell , David Arquette , Drew Barrymore -RRB- , I Know What You Did Last Summer -LRB- another with Sarah Michelle Gellar , and Jennifer Love Hewitt -RRB- , and House on Haunted Hill -LRB- Tey Diggs , Chris Kattan -RRB- . I do give two stars for the great cinematography . That 's about it !
 If possible this movie is worse than the Ring 2 . Buy the Japanese versions . They are so much better .
 This was not very good , in my opinion . The Ring scared the bejeezus outta me . This was not scary . Two weeks afterwards , I still find my mind wandering about one thing ... why the heck did n't they just kick that little boy in the head and send him accross the room ? If I walk into my house and see a half-naked boy meowing and hissing at me , I 'm gon na flip him over my knee and give him a good spankin '
 The Grudge is a 4 star -LRB- out of 5 -RRB- movie , but for the PSP ... the sound system must be higher quality . I bought this for 20 bucks at a store , because I was going on a trip soon . I tried the plane 's , my own , and the PSP 's headphones and none of them produced good sound quality . The games get good sound quality , while the movies are so much lower , that sometimes you ca n't hear what they 're saying . It 's so annoying . Get it on DVD , and you 'll at least be more satisfied than this .
 Maybe I should n't have watched the Japanese version , `` Ju-On '' upon which this movie was remade . I thought the foreign version was greatly over-rated by fans who were determined to be scared no matter what was thrown upon the screen . In the American version , I saw the identical `` scare '' moments which did n't chill me at all . I was shocked by Sarah Michelle Geller 's appearance . She looked exhausted through the entire movie and exuded very little energy . As for the ghost boy , he looked like a kid who had gotten into a bag of flour and covered his face with it . And then somebody came along and plastered mascara around his eyes . Was this supposed to be one of the scenes where you jumped out of your seat ? In the `` Making of ... '' documentary , the film-makers seemed proud of having not made a linear movie -- that is , `` The Grudge '' dips into the future , then the past , then the present . To me , it was confusing and style overpowered the effectiveness of this movie . The same Japanese director who made the foreign version of `` The Grudge '' was hired to make this Americanized production . That was a major mistake right there . Do n't throw rotten tomatoes at me when I say this but American directors are unsurpassed when it comes to delivering the chills and thrills that we love .
 The Grudge 2 was n't bad . However , it is the type of movie that is hard to understand because many of the scenes are totally unrelated with totally different people in different locations with nothing in common except that they are all being haunted by the evil spirit.In this movie , the evil spirit is spreading , so , its victims no longer have to enter the haunted house in order to be plagued and eventually killed by the evil spririt.The movie 's writers do n't explain how or why these diffent people are haunted until near the end of the movie.What dissapointed me the most about this movie is the fact that the evil spirit is `` invincible '' . No one thought to go to a church . Michelle Gellar was our only potential heroin . Unfortunately for her , the evil spirit prevails.All of the other characters where very wimpy . Gellar 's sister was whinny-This movie is ok to see on cable or if you are a huge Grudge fan . Other than that , this movie has to many unorganized scenes to be considered a good horror classic-I rate this movie 2 stars only because of Sarah Michelle Gellar -LRB- aka Buffy -RRB- I do n't think the actors are bad , I think the writing for the movie script was sloppy and not organized -
 To the original Grudge that is . The first movie I thought was very scary and down right super freaky in some parts . This movie does have a few parts that are are scary . But I must stress the word -LRB- few -RRB- very brief and far in between . The movie is only about 90 minutes but it feels so much longer because of a slow story . I will also agree with some of the other reviews that say that this movie recycles too much of what was seen in the first movie . That about sums it up .
 What can I say but ARRRRGGGGHHHHH !!!! what was I thinking getting this movie I ca n't blame anyone but myself even my friends told me not to get this but like so many others I feel into a commercialized daze and bought it going home thinking ` WOW ' this is going to be a great horror movie I could n't have been more wrong watching the movie it became more of not if the grudge was going to get them but praying and begging for the grudge to finish them off me and my friends and family cheered each time a character got knocked off.I 'll give you some info the story has Karen from the first movie hospitalized in a japan where her apathetic sister Aubrey who is asked ` More Liked Nagged And Told ' by their mother to bring her back home at the hospital Karen tells Aubrey not to go inside the house shortly after Karen is killed by the grudge ` YES THANK GOD !! ' and Aubrey ` Thinking her sister killed herself ' tries to figure out the mystery of what happened to her sister and about the mysterious house her sister was talking about Also in the movie you have two small side stories one is about three high school girls and what happens to them after being inside the house And a family in Chicago who ` Later in the movie you 'll find out why ' get caught in the grudge too . Rent the movie but save yourself some great pain and do n't buy it
 How can so many people rate this movie a high star ?!? It overused the same ghostly scenes from the Grudge and it was extremly predictable . You already know how it will end when you watch the first twenty minutes of it.I mean , it showed the same house that was `` burned down '' in part one , and had the same effect as it
 I felt that with the first grudge movie that at least it followed with the original Ju-on movie somewhat if you watch the first half of the movie follows Karen a caretaker for the mother of an american family in japan who have just moved into the cursed house and the family and what happens to them when the curse starts taking the family . After you see what happens to the family Karen finds out that strange things begin happening to her as she finds out what happened in the house with a previous family -LRB- Karen gets a little info from a police detective who was investigating to what happened to both families in the house -RRB- she tries to find a way to stop the curse.The first Grudge movie was decent -LRB- Definitely Way Better Than Grudge 2 -RRB- but I say go for the japanese version Ju-On . A lot of people feel that Sarah Michelle Gellar was a great actress in this movie but after seeing her in this I could n't wait for the grudge to take her out and I really cheered for what happens to her in Grudge 2 . That being said for the price of the movie I say is 50/50 if you want good horror and effects this would be ok but if you want good actors and actresses my advice is to look elsewhere . .
 I didnt have very many high hopes for this movie and so I wasnt disappointed . With the rash of Japanese Remakes , this one just falls in line with all the others . It replaces the general skin creeping suspense and overall unease of the original with `` Gotcha ! '' moments . There are no scenes of blood and guts in the original but Hollywood felt compelled to add them for the remake . WHY ?? Blood and Guts do NOT make a horror movie!If you want a scary movie , Get the original Ju-On . They are ofcourse very similar but Ju-On will have you pulling the blanket over your eyes and pulling the covers far back before you go to sleep.From now on Ill be skipping the American remakes and just sticking with the original J-Horror movies , Dark Water , Eyes with out a face , A Tale of Two Sisters etc Hollywood will ruin them all sooner or later !
 It took me like , 3 days to finally watch the whole movie . I kept falling asleep or would just shut it down due to boredome . The story was contrived and dull , it seemed like they just wanted to make a `` Ring '' - type movie , hoping they could bank off it . The special effects were totally subpar and this film was NOT scary !!!!!!!! It was actually funny . I burst out laughing when the creepy crawly ghost thingies made `` scary '' noises . I can picture the filmakers getting all excited and caught up `` Yeah ! this will get 'em , that 's sure to freak 'em out ! '' NOT . Instead of being disturbing , the frog like groans reminded me of a 10 year old trying to annoy his parents . Totally lame ! Nothing could save this movie .
 The Grudge has maybe two or three good moments , but they are quick frights and hardly enough to sustain a full length feature . Reccommended for SMG fans and those afraid of close-ups of young Japanese children .
 I did not like this movie one bit with it 's hard to understand plot and bad acting.The movie goes on without explaining a lot of things like what do the ghosts do when they kill the people and why the hell did the lady ghost come back even though that creepy house got burnt down or at least I think it did , well all they showed you was when sthe main character threw a lighter into a gasoline puddle which was poured on the floor in the house and fire shot up from the floor , pretty stupid huh , lastley why did the young boy , when ever he opened his mouth sound like a cat.Its just a stupid combonation of stupid unexplainable events.This is one of those horror movies that you fall a sleep on halfway in.It dosent have a surprising nor good ending but then again it should n't even of had a beggining it was pointless to make this . Who do they think they could scare with this crap?They have a few special effects but the rest is just plain cheesy.Another question is why does the ghost of the lady who died in the house follow everyone who went in the house around where ever they went , it did n't make any sense at all and the only half way entertaining part of the movie was when the lady ghost came down from the ceiling and scared the crap out of the main character.You may jump a few times during the movie but who doese n't we all get starteled ever now and then.Bill Pullman what the hell were you doing waisting your talent on this film I mean come on ive seen you do better.I recomend just borrowing it from a friend if your even halfway interested in watching this crap I put this in the category with the MOVIE THE '' forrgoten '' both stupid movies with pointless story lines.SO if your a fan of really creepy horror dont get this you will be stunned on how mildly it scares you.I recomend if you like horror and a lot of suepense check out the movie '' SAW '' COMING LATER THIS MONTH .
 What is it with remakes lately ? Is Hollywood completely out of fresh new ideas ? True , we get a good remake once in a while -LRB- Dawn of the Dead being a very good one , The Ring being a decent one -RRB- , but more often than not , the films are just badly done . Especially when remaking good asian horror flicks.Not that the original Grudge was all that great . But at least that one displayed a few very memorable scares . This new remake , starring Sarah Michelle Gellar as a nurse working for a family in Tokyo in a house that just happens to be haunted , offers no scare , no thrills . No images that will come back to haunt your dreams . No silly jumps or scare . Nothing.It 's hard to see such a good cast trapped in such a horridly boring flick . We 've come to expect much more of young actors like Sarah Michelle Gellar and Jason Behr and Clea DuVall . This cast had a great potential . So why does the movie fizzle like it does?Well , a lot has to do with the film 's structure . True , it 's fun to catch a flick that does not have a linear structure , but such a movie needs to be well planned and thought out . The Grudge is so disjointed and so freely moves back and forth in time that it becomes a headache for the viewer . And the fact that every new section is seperated by a few seconds of darkness ruins whatever suspense had been built up to that point.I was expecting much more from The Grudge , especially when considering the people involved in front and behind the camera -LRB- Sam Raimi being one of the producers -RRB- . The movie is just long-winded and badly constructed . Let 's hope that the next hoard of remakes coming our way will be better than this one !
 This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time . There is zero plot and no story line . The acting was terrible , but what can you expect from Buffy the Vampire Slayer ?!
 As the lights were put out in the apartment and the sweet smells of popcorn emminated from within , the friends all gathered on the floor and couches to finally watch ` The Grudge ' , all in Hi-Def and PG-13 so the studios can rack in the loot from the kiddie pools , and share moments of sheer terror with each other and rekindle old nostalgia reminiscent of Exorcist , Poltergeist or the like ... a couple of chills ... a few laughs ... and how completely we were in agreement that Bill Pullman is one of the most wooden , phony , tangibly boring actors in the industry.I do n't recall if it was a Dimension Type Film Disaster , if it was n't it certainly should have been . I mean I understand the idea behind it , but let 's make it a little more non predictable . Oh boy at door , oh no shadow going by clouded window , oh my noises in house when no ones around , oh no look in attic ... Leave house , go back to house , people dead in house , go back again to house , cops in house , cops that know about previous murders in house , head cop goes back to house , head cop dies in house , other cops go back to house , boyfriend goes to house , Michelle-untalented-Gellar goes to house again , but wait did n't she leave ... yes , yes she left , but she is n't in THAT house , but she is , on the stairs but it 's not the same house she went into , because she went back in time to the same house that is n't that house she went into originally because it 's the house where the first murders took place which by all relative standards is that same house ... -LRB- phew -RRB- Some of the effects were pretty damn brilliant , -LSB- scary spectre thingy with tentacles in corner of room et all -RSB- but all in all , the masses who say this was scary as heck , is understandable , because you could easily be frightened , I guess . Fun , but not for me . A sure classic for the Myspace generation.Scary
 There is not a single redeeming quality in this whole movie . The acting is wooden , the storyline from the original -LRB- which also was n't that good , but looks like `` Apocalypse Now '' compared to this atrocity -RRB- is mutilated for the purposes of throwing the handicapped blue chick at everyone , everywhere , for no purpose other than for us to see just how contorted and blue she is . Oh , and another blue little kid sits in a closet and meows like a kitten when the door opens -- boo!On the other hand , you have to respect the kind of guts that go into making a movie like this . Takashi Shimizu knew this was a horrible movie when the script was written , when he was filming it , and was released . And he knew people would rent , buy and watch it anyway . The money made to fund the filming of this movie could have gone to feed hungry children in Japan . Or to make a really big piggy bank in the form of the Buddha . Anything would have been more constructive than this movie.As for the blue chick , maybe we 'll hear about a lawsuit launched one day by her and other disabled people against Shimizu for taking advantage of the handicapped
 When The original `` The Grudge '' Came out . It was a shocking very scary experience at the theater . I was jumping in my seat . I saw the original when I was 16 , up to that point it was one of the scariest movies I 'd ever seen , and I 've loved Horror/Scary movies since I was four years old.I really like Sarah Michelle Gellar . I think she 's a great actress and I always like her movies . I was a fan on `` Buffy '' So , I was excited that she would be in the sequel.To my disappointment she had about 5 minutes of screen time in `` The Grudge 2 . '' I was really looking forward to the sequel . But , I was actually shocked at how bad it turned out to be . I really could n't believe how terrible it was . It was NOTHING like the original `` The Grudge '' It lost all of it 's spark . Not one part of the whole movie was even remotely frightening . NOT ONE PART . `` The Grudge 2 '' was the only movie in my entire life where I actually fell asleep in the theater . I never thought the day would come where I would fall asleep in the theater . It was that boring and uninteresting . Unfortunately , I did n't fall asleep for very long . I really tried to like this movie . I wanted to like this movie . But , I just could n't . There were so many different ways they could have taken the sequel . But , they turned into something that could have gone straight to video.The Japanese Version of the sequel was much better than this . If you must see it , rent it .
 The previews for this movie looked like it would be a good one , but I was very disappointed . It was slightly boring and just when you thought something unexpected would happen , not much did . Then you would think as least the ending would finally make up for the slack and it was also disappointing . So , I suggest save your money for a better film .
 The violent circumstances of a Japanese family 's death have given rise to a curse in which all who enter their old house are stalked and killed by demons representing the dead family . That 's not much of a plot , which is why this is n't much of a movie . In scene after scene , we watch a hapless person bumble through an abandoned area , slowly coming to the realization that they are not alone . They all eventually succumb to the fear that envelopes them , and the demons manifest themselves in a variety of creepy ways before dispatching the bumblers . The production values are high , and the scenes are very creepy/scary/disturbing , which is saying something . But any attempt to inject reason or logic into viewing the movie bursts the bubble , and ultimately , there 's just not enough to sustain a feature film .
 Is it me or were the previews for this movie better than the movie itself!I went and saw this movie last night for free , and I think I want my money back ! This was an absolutely horrendous movie . TERRIBLE ! I know it came out on DVD this week but I 'm here to tell you DO N'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS ! It is n't anywhere near as good as the first one .1 . Too many subplots . They somehow interwine in the end but nonsensically .2 . This movie is n't scary at all ! The scenes that were scary in the original are used again in this one , i.e. , the Grudge coming from the a shadow in the ceiling , the ghost under the cover , and the little boy making the cat sound . All the same scenes , just a new movie .3 . And finally there were quite a few unneccessary scenes and unneccessary charachters.This movie was terrible . Borrow someones or rent it before you buy .
 I had watched Ju-On The Grudge , the original japanese version , and I was creeped out by it . It was excellent , I got really scared with the opening scenes of this movie ... but the American version was such a disappointment . I 'm glad I saw the original version first , and a word of advice
 The story was hard to nail down , so I 'm still not quite sure what the grudge was supposed to be . The story bounces around so much that the viewer is never really aware of who 's who and what 's going on . Confusing story telling to say the least.Bad acting , bad writing , bad directing . The only thing remotely scary about this movie is the sound the thing makes , now that was creepy . Watch it if you want , but do n't say I did n't warn you . Some may love it . I 'm a spooky horror movie fan from way back , if I did n't like it you can bet it 's not a great movie . But as they say , to each his own .
 this movie was not scary at all . it sucked so bad that i wanted to go bonkers . i got nothing more to say .
 I swear , it all started with The Ring , which was based on the Asian horror film Ringu . And now we have The Grudge based on another Asian film , Ju-On
 I 'm tired of horror movies with creepy little kids in them . They make me sick , this movie made no sense . The ghosts take their anger out on other people because THEY died ? Get a life ... literally !
 I wanted to like this movie . Especially after friends went to see it in the theater and claimed it was one of the scariest movies they 'd seen in years . Wow - should be good . Think again . Turned out to be a joke of a horror film - an utter waste of time . Maybe the big screen , the dark theater , being at the late show at night , and perhaps the full moon and high tides had something to do with how they felt about `` The Grudge '' . For me , this movie was slow , predictable , and down-right disappointing . I do n't always need blood and guts in my HORROR movies , but sometimes it sure helps . Ask me what I think a classic scary/horror movie is and I 'll respond with `` The Exercist '' , `` Halloween '' , `` Psycho '' , `` Nightmare On Elm Street '' , `` When A Stranger Calls '' , `` Final Destination '' , or any of the old classic Vincent Price films from 30-40 years ago . `` The Grudge '' being an -LRB- Asian -RRB- horror classic ? Give me a break - this kind of innocent suspenseful horror is weak in my book . Watch this movie and tell me your horrified of the little white-faced kid with the shiney black balloon in his mouth . It just was n't scary ! To top it off , director Shimizu felt this movie was so good - he imported half a dozen American actors to make a 2nd -LRB- U.S. -RRB- version . The first version being `` Ju-on '' ... also a major disappointment . The two movies are 90 % the same ... with the exception of the American actors . The same house is used , as is the same sister 's apartment , the care center , grocery store , elevator , not to mention script and plot . There is no soundtrack to speak of throughout the movie . The director relies on objects jumping in front of the screen at just the right time accompanied by screeching violins . Sarah `` Buffy '' Michelle Gellar -LRB- `` Scooby Doo '' , `` Cruel Intentions '' , `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' -RRB- continues her roll of choosing below average scripts . Bill Pullman -LRB- `` While You Were Sleeping '' , `` Casper '' , `` Newsies '' , `` Spy Games '' , `` Independence Day '' , `` Lake Placid '' -RRB- on the other hand , is distinguished as a leading 2nd man ... and I was disappointed at his role here -LRB- very little dialogue and screen time -RRB- . A long and tedious 91 minutes to get through . I went in with many lofty expectations - and left with none .
 This film has everything I hate about horror . The manipulative music , the gross-outs , the suspense without the suspension of disbelief , and a lack of an Eternal Cosmic Truth bore me . In fact , most horror has the same message
 In the DVD extras there are several featurettes about the making of this film . One of the most telling is the one where they talk about the writing of the script with surprising candor . There were over 100 group meetings about the story , all with the Japanese filmmakers and producers arguing for one type of movie and the American filmmakers and producers arguing for another . The result is the watered down The Grudge 2 , which neither captures the imagery and suspense that makes Japanese horror genuinely startling and spooky or the plotlines and characters that make American horror easy to relate to and entertaining.The Grudge 2 is a hodge podge of gimmicks taken from the first remake -LRB- The Grudge -RRB- as well as the original Japanese versions -LRB- Juon , Juon
 For those of you who had read my review of THE FOG , the remake of the classic John Carpenter movie , you will not be surprised in knowing that I think this movie is the same tragic case of too much style and not enough reason . In all Horror movies or thrillers , as a director , or writer , you must succed in answering the ` Why ? ' of the movie . I 'll admit that they did that partially but , I wanted more of a reason . This movie was your typical shockfest with no real reason or resolve . Even watching the movie in the theatre , with many people making noises , I knew that the movie was going to be bad . I walked out the last twenty minutes of the movie . I 'm going to give everyone a piece of advice for the purposes of this movie
 I am a horror movie enthuseast . I am -LRB- ... -RRB- old and have seen more horror movies that anyone in my middle school . I 've seen horror movies that range back to the oringial Frankinstien and Dracula up to this recent film `` The Grudge . '' Out of the 100 + horror movies I have seen three have struck me as `` scary '' and this was not one of them .1 -RRB- The ShiningWhy
 Alright The Ring was good , have n't seen the seQual and i am in no rush to see it , but this movie `` The Grudge '' should have stayed in Japan.My Cousin said `` Wow , it 's the scariest movie i ever saw '' with a statement like that i could n't resist but watch this movie , and when i did i came to realize that my cousin is an idiot.The Plot-Sarah Michelle Gellar plays a Tokyo College student who caretakes for an elderly woman in a haunted house.Where a little dead tokyo boy screeches noises and loves to take bubble baths in the tub and a angry mother drags herself around the house on her chest looking for her sons rubber duckie.The Negatives-This movie is not scary , who was scared from this movie ???? whoever got scared from this movie deserves to be slapped like a pinata.I can see people saying `` OOOOOH that little naked boy scares me when he goes `` AHHHHHH '' OR `` that big black spider cloud thing coming down from the ceiling wow that was scary '' * SLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAP * Grow up ya big pansy.Yes World , this movie is a waste of time , It 's another Terrorist attack from JAPAN and it 's on our cinemas !!!!! Yes it 's true look it up.-Sarah Michelle Gellar Ca n't Act !!!! If she 's not slaying vampires i do n't want to see her in anything . She 's stiff , shows no emotion and is horrible as a lead in a horror movie . Plus she has no horror movie experience Oh yeah she was in `` I know what you did last summer '' but she got killed off anyway . Thats Right , if you ca n't act , you must be killed off.The Positives-Hahahahahahaha , it 's sad when the best scene in a `` horror '' movie is sarah 's makeout scene in the beginning , maybe if she had flashed a boob in this movie this could have gotten an extra star.Conclusion-This movie is a laughing stock , The japanese directors figure `` See , Americans like ringu , they will like grudge , Ha ha stupid americans , we make money off them , ha ha `` Not off me you evil japanese people !!!!! not me !!!!!!!! My cousin !! but not me !!!!!!!! Pass this one .1 star out of 5The Opinionated One Has Spoken
 Bad , horrible , not at all like the movies it is often compared to -LRB- The Ring , The Village , etc -RRB- . Do not waste your time on this crap . Watching paint dry is a bit more suspenseful ...
 THis is filth ! Liberal FILTH ! I mean come on ! The Grudges are represented horridly ! They have rights too ya know ! They are HUMANS TOO ! TO make a movie exploting them like this is sick ! I hope any one who sees this gets castrated and thrown in the desert ! I have talked to numerous Grudges and all of them seem nice and friendly . Why theres mama grudge and papa grudge and even Tiny TIm Grudge ! I AM SICK OF LIBERAL AMERICA ! Now excue me , I am watching a movie of substance ... Showgirls !
 This movie was just ... BAD ! So you show an Asian boy making a scary face and that 's suppossed to scare me ??? hahahaha ... C'mon man ! This movie is an embarrassment to the horror genre ! When will greedy film studios stop releasing barely-near sub-par spoiled manteca ? Get real !
 This movie is absolutely terrible ! I watched it 2 nights ago with my parents and I hated it ! It was annoying , cheesy , and downright embarrassing to watch . The zombie-looking woman & boy are so fake looking that it 's not even funny . If you saw the movie Darkness Falls and hated it , then you 'll sure as hell hate this . If you watch this movie and like it , you need professional help !
 This movie is a piece of crap . Flat Out . They gave this film all the hype and put out this pos . I was actually happy to see this ... at first . I figured `` Finnaly a scary movie that looks like it will be good '' Wrong . Ms. Geller must of been paid a VERY large amount of money to be put in this crap fest . Honestly follow these instructions youll be laughing so hard . Within the first scene of the movie ... Pause your dvd player as soon as the Ghost pops up . Now look . HAHAHHA Its halarious to me . Its just some asian chick with eye liner . AHHH THE HORROR . Not to mention that they give a little kid eyeliner too . He makes cat noises I might add . Its so scary ... haha . Rent this if you insist on seeing it .
 Everyone listen to me they are coming and there is no escape they will chew on us and make us die the bunnies will fly over the rainbow to us and we shall die the bunnies need to take our souls and offer us to the Easter Bunny !!! there is no way to stop the bunnies and we will be thier slaves and the world will end that is why we need to stop the violens before it is to late THE BUNNIES ARE WATCHING US !!!!! any it was a great but bad movie never watch it !!!!!!!!!!!
 What a joke . I guess the makers of this movie thought that everyone in the U.S. has nothing better to do but watch people attempt to act . Absolute horrible movie . Turned it off after about half hour.Isn ' t there anyone out there that can put out a true supernatural freakshow . Sorry folks , but the last really scary movie I have seen was The Changeling from 1980 .
 most people give Constentine 1 star -LRB- agreed its not that great a movie ... but still -RRB- yet for some reason you people actually found something good in this piece of crap ??? the only thing that made me jump about this movie was that i almost paid 8 bucks to go see this at the new theater in my town -LRB- thank god i got a free pass instead -RRB- . Basically here is what you are paying for when you see The Grudge , cheap acting -LRB- not the worst but nothing that special , except for the dumbass kid and Sarah Michelle Gellar who can not act to save her life -RRB- , horrible incoherrent plot line that involves a story that is never fully explained or makes sense in the end , and another failed attempt of making a decent horror movie by hollywood.it does start off in an interesting way , but quickly slows down and falls into a deep pit of retardation and psychologically traumetizing idiocy for the audiance . not only that but everything was predictable such as the boy appearing on the different levels as sarah 's character passes on the elevator , sarah not leaving the house in the last seen -LRB- the golden rule of horror films , make something so insignificant and god damn stupid keep the main character in the path of danger just to drag another 5 minutes of ` terror ' into the movie -RRB- , and finding out the ghost -LRB- phantom , whatever the hell i still dont care -RRB- boy 's father killed him and his mother at the end ... heres a big question for all you people , why the hell did that happen ? just cause the mother was interested in another man ? then where the hell is the mother and why do they kill people for no random reason?please if you consider yourself a person that loves good films than avoid this , ignore all the 5 star reviews . i dont know any of these people personally so i wont say that they are retarded or stupid , but maybe they were high at the time or they got paid to say those things . Im sorry people , but there is no way a person in their right mind can like this piece of crap !
 Horror movies are a dime a dozen now , and nothing really speical about them anymore . Sad to say , considering its probably my faviorte genere . This movie was a disappointment from the start . Whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired . I mean they are standing there talking , and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen . I didnt watch the whole movie , it sucked that bad . I bought this movie used , and I 'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge .
 Usually I am not the kind of person who enjoys horror movies but sometimes you just feel like having a good scare.A friend of mine came over one evening and we rented ` the Grude ' , We were all set . We turned of all the lights , lit a few candles , had all the stuff we needed in hand reach and started the movie.We waited , and waited ... and waited some more but no scary things happened . We were terribly disappointed . It was nothing like we had expected . It had an occasional scare but not the ones that give you a racing heart.My advice for people who want to see this movie would be ; rent another one !
 I could n't wait to watch this movie . I thought the plot was superb . The acting was terrific . And the CGI and FX where the best I 've ever seen . The main ghost women looked so realistic . And Buffy looked great . I have n't seen acting so great & terrific since Scooby-Doo . The ghosts in this film are so scary to look at.Now I 'll stop being sarcastic and give you the words to decode my review.I could n't wait to = I unwittingly suffered through this ... superb = crapterrific = patheticbest = worst.realistic = s ## t houselooked great = made me wan na puke as usual.great & terrific = badScooby Doo = Debbie Does Dallasare so scary = Are constipated looking dummies that should have been designed to look more like Michael Jackson if they wanted motionless , falling mannequins to look scary .
 I would rate it zero stars , if not for the minimum 1-Star rating choice . I pre-bought 2 tickets to see this at a local theatre back in November . I then secured a babysitter and told my wife we were going out . She was delightfully surprised and she asked what I was taking her to see . I said , `` lets just go , it was # 1 in the theatre in it 's first week of release . '' Let me just say that roughly 10 minutes into the movie , she hit me in the arm , because I picked out a bad movie . I told her we could just leave and go to dinner . She said , `` maybe it will get better '' It did n't . Afterwards , when walking out of the theater , another couple was blabbing about how bad it was and we commiserated together and all 4 of us stated what a colossal waste of 2 hours it was.The acting is pitiful . There is n't a single noteworthy exchange of dialogue between any characters the entire feature . The only reason I am writing this is to save 2 hours of your life .
 An American nurse comes to work in Tokyo . She encounters a vengeful spirit that possesses its victims . She must find a way to break it . Overall , as a lame horror flick rental it was not bad , but I would n't want to see it again , nor would I recommend it .
 I like the Japanese Version -LRB- Ju-on -RRB- more . Now , the hollywood producers are running out of ideas and have to borrow -LRB- or buy -RRB- ideas from other foreign markets and re-produce it to fit the American audiences . The funny thing is
 This movie was great!I loved it!I bought it for $ 400 at a yard sale!The disc was scratch to pieces but it still kinda worked.The screen would freeze every 5 seconds and it had no sound!But it was good !
 This was a dumb movie . There 's nothing scary about it . If you were scared by this pile of poop get a load of this ... BOO ! Did that scare you ? I bet it did . Because if you find `` The Grudge '' scary then you must have a big yellow stripe down your back .
 This movie is boring . Not scary , not original , just a pointless American remake . Go buy Ju-On ! This movie was made for 13 year old teenie boppers .
 This movie displayed all the do 's and do n'ts of a successful horror sequel . First of all , it was just like the original , only not as scary . The special effects were all the same , just not as good . The was no originality because it basically sticks to the same formula and momentum as the first one . It 's exactly the same story with different people . The heroine from the first film dies before the credits are done rolling , and you start thinking to yourself . . What was the point of the cameo appearance in the first place ? Nothing from the first one was really explained for real . Especially , the `` million dollar '' question . . How and will the curse be broken this time ? They left the door open for another pointless sequel . It went for the same theatrics and scares as the first one only failing miserably at it because they are n't as effective as they were the first time around . The same thing that scared the crap out of me last time wo n't work the 2nd time around , and the Hollywood filmakers should know that by now , or at least any critic or moviegoer that has seen their fair share of movies should know it too . Personally , I 'm still confused as hell about the ending . Needless to say , I got nothing at all out of this movie .
 The Grudge was an okay movie , one of those ones that just barely holds your interest enough to make you want to finish it . It 's also one of those movies that is hard to describe the plot without giving spoilers , because it jumps back and forth through time , making it next to impossible to follow in a logical sequence.There were n't any real surprises -- plenty of people following the old dictum of going through `` That Door '' -- you know the one where everyone in the theater shouts , `` Do n't go through that door ! '' The people also climbed stairs and went into dark rooms without turning on lights -- plenty of people just begging to be victims.This would probably be a good date movie to watch at the drive-in theater but watching it on the home DVD player just did n't deliver the expected chills and thrills .
 Japanese films have a long tradition of ghost stories , both played for scares and morality lessons . The new wave of ghost stories have caught on in the West but the results are bumpy . Grudge 2 does n't have the surprise factors that the first movie did and has to rely on other devices to be engaging . It fails . Many of the scenes have the actors slowly walking around dark rooms and then finding something , maybe a ghost , maybe a body , maybe someone just hiding . Sound familiar ? It has all the conventional scenes of horror films and none of what made Grudge a thrilling scary ride . I prefer mystery to horror and gore so I liked the Grudge well enough . However Grudge 2 oculd easily be skipped .
 In `` The Grudge 2 '' Kayako and Toshio , two horrible ghosts with bone-white skins and goggling eyes -LRB- or whatever they really are -RRB- return to us . And they just do n't return ; they have become more `` ubiquitous . '' They pop up whenever and wherever they want , and never fail to send signals before they terrorize the victims with strange noise or something else.That means , you can read the pattern ; once you do , you only wait for the next scary part to be delivered . The film becomes a series of set-pieces . They are cleverly staged , but they soon begin to be less and less shocking as the film goes on . The dark , brooding photography by Katsumi Yamagijima -LRB- famous for collaboration with Kitano -RRB- is fantastic , and yes , there are some jump-in-your-seat moments and unpredictable things -LRB- like that `` milk '' scene -RRB- , but nothing really scary or chilling . `` The Grudge 2 '' has three stories loosely connected to each other -LRB- one of them is set in USA though the `` Chicago '' scenes are in fact shot in Japan -RRB- and none of them is hard to follow , but none of them is really intriguing either . You do n't know what really happened to the main characters until the last chapter where different times and spaces start to merge with skillful editing . -LRB- This is a method the director used for his Japanese film `` Reincarnation . '' -RRB- By then , however , most of us have lost interest in the film itself , which only repeats the same trick as the first `` Grudge '' installment.After all with this jumbled storyline , we can not relate to any of the characters , and we just do n't care if someone is dead or survives . There are some nice twists given to the plot -LRB- relations between Amber Tamblyn 's character and Kayako , for instance -RRB- , but they are introduced so abruptly that it is neither surprising nor interesting . And as to Sarah Michelle Gellar , she is here to remind that we are watching the sequel .
 You 'd think the director of the original Japanese series could turn out a decent sequel . But nooooooo ... Instead , `` The Grudge 2 '' is a detailed , shimmering example of why people loathe sequels , and how -LRB- with rare exceptions like preplanned trilogies -RRB- they are pretty much always bad . Overused spooks , lackluster acting and a plotless plotline are only a few of the things wrong with this croaking horror.Aubrey Davis -LRB- Amber Tamblyn -RRB- learns that her sister Karen -LRB- Sarah Michelle Gellar -RRB- is seriously ill , and goes to Japan to fetch her -- with horrifying results . Karen 's last warning
 First of all , to clarify any bad blood later , I am NOT a fan of scary movies . I find them , well ... Um , scary . But of course , like most people , I am stupid and somehow allowed my friends to persuade me to watch it . The plot begins like most over used scary movie plots . Haunted house , has bad juju . No one wants to live in it because of some horrible grisly murder or double murder or triple murder , yada yada yada . But , instead of the usual stupid young family wanting to move in -LRB- `` oh , honey would n't this be a great house for the kids ? '' -RRB- , it 's a. . . caretaker . I thought that was a cool twist , I admit . She 's assigned to watch over the scary as all out house and it 's mute , haunted occupant , an old lady.But then that 's when it starts getting confusing AND very very very scary . Mother of god scary.First , the confusing stuff
 -LRB- Possible Spoilers , like it matters . -RRB- Like others have said this sequel manages to kill of anything that made the first one good and also be a really bad sequel at the same time . I 'm not going to bother writing a basis of the story , it 's pretty obvious if you 've seen the first one and if you 've read some of the other reviews too . It 's not very scary , especially in the opening sequence , with the three schoolgirls going into the house , where we all know something bad will happen and no I 'm not talking about the acting or the writing or the pacing , all of which are bad and sometimes painful to experience during the movie . In fact no sequence is very scary , or scary at all in the whole movie.Okay maybe I 'll tell a little of the story , the sister of Sarah Michele ' character comes to Japan and tries to find out what happened to her . She meets a Hong Kong journalist and low and behold they go into the house and guess what the ghost is there . You would think if they are aware of the ghost that they would just stay away from the house and maybe it would n't bother them , but no.There 's more to the story but it 's jumbled and messy . It 's like the director tried to make three bad short movies and loosely -LRB- and I mean loosely -RRB- tie them together , into one really bad movie that seems a lot longer than it really is . The pacing of all the scary scenes is off , like the opening scene and when the sister goes into the house and in the school counselor 's office , the later one , all badly paced and acted.Plus we know when the scares are coming and are not shocked at all when they appear . The ghost itself is a lot -LRB- and I mean a lot -RRB- less frightening than in the first one , of course everything is less frightening , except the acting , pacing , yadda , yadda . And unfortunately I fear a third one could happen as the very -LRB- and I emphasize very -RRB- lame ending shows , but hears hoping not . Overall not worth even a rental , unless you want something to make fun of and if so be prepared it 's bad , about as bad as `` Pulse '' actually . These two movies have a lot in common , both bad horror movies in every sense of the word . * out of 4 stars .
 I admit that I had high hopes for this sequel with a 3 storyline arc , the same people responsible for the first Grudge , and Sarah Michelle Gellar and Amber Tamblyn 's presence ; however , like the other reviewers here I was very disappointed . I did give this film two stars for the very things I mentioned in my opening , but the storyline compromises the first story -LRB- even contradicts it in places -RRB- , the acting is never as good -LRB- although competent -RRB- as the first movie , and nearly everyone dies at the end making one feel like he or she just wasted 2 hours . There is no real resolution to the story either ; just lots of attempts to recapture what was scary in the first film that is less on the repeat.I normally do not like sequels and The Grudge 2 is the reason why . If you ca n't continue the storyline -LRB- not just repeat it with different people alaFriday the 13thfilms -RRB- , or if you ca n't do something more groundbreaking than the original -LRB- consider theJawsfilms -RRB- , then you should n't attempt a sequel or prequel at all . Some outstanding sequels that I can recommend are theAlien Quadrilogyfilms , The Complete Omen Collection , theScream Trilogy , and lastly -LRB- and most cleverly -RRB- theThe Final Destination Thrill-Ogyfilms which I think are really awesome sequels where each one can stand alone or as part of the series .
 This movie really does suck . It is a very boring uninspired remake with lackluster acting , zero story , a few moody camera shots that were done much better in Ju-on . This is very much the definition of what sucks in American Cinema today , lets take an overall good foreign film , redo it with an American cast , squeeze out any out the chills and originality and make it a nice boring safe flick for the kiddies.PG-13 is destroying the horror film!Don ' t buy this tripe do n't even watch it unless you 're twelve.Watch Ju-on , a genuine horror film with some sincere scares , not this sanitized butt wipe version .
 THE GRUDGE was predictable and trite with the scariest thing about this movie being Sarah Michelle Geller 's acting . The ghosts , as the movie progressed , took on an almost silly feel . I half expected a bathroom scene with one of them jumping out of the toilet!Add to all of the nonsense the fact that the viewer can never quite figure out what the ghost does to people . Does it suck out all of your air ? Does it eat part of your face off and leave you a wandering zombie ? Does it breathe on you after a lunch of really strong garlic bread and onion rings ? Or does it just have a really big frog in its throat and is frantically begging for someone to perform the Heimlich maneuver?At least in THE RING the demon 's doings were consistently evil . I ca n't wait for the satires and parodies on this one . The filmmakers should have a total heyday!THE HORSEMAN
 this was a waste of time this movie sucked good thing i did ` nt buy it i saw it on TV and this was boring corney movie .
 If you havent seen the movie - DONTThis film was bad enough to be bad , but not bad enough to be funny . -LRB- except now whenever I burp ... If youve seen the movie you know what Im talking about . -RRB- I probably should have seen the japanese version instead . One of my co-workers suggested that this film had good cinematography - so I gave it a chance . I cant say I was impressed . Too dark for the small screen - I think I enjoyed one shot in the entire film.the film was a mess . It wasnt scary it was random . theres no sense of build or suspense . Was the story non linear ? Or did it have bad continuity ? Perhaps I lost interest and it just seemed to jump around.There were some shots that seemed to reference carnival of souls - which was cool . But that cheesey low budget film from 50 years ago was a much more masterful horror movie than the grudge .
 Yes , I 'm aware that that is not a word . But it 's exactly what they did !!!! The Grudge is one of my favorite horror films . It 's very freaky and disturbing . The Grudge 2 was disturbing , too . Disturbingly BAD.I ca n't believe they brought the plot to the U.S. . The original was great set in Japan . I do n't think there would have been a better way to remake a Japanese film . But , dragging the curse here ? That 's just sad.If you enjoyed this film , I will never understand why . For me , it pretty much ruined everything that was great about the original .
 While I admire the first film 's attempt to bring Japanese horror stories to mainstream America , this convoluted sequel was nothing short of confusing and unsatisfying.Quick Synopsis
 SO WOW , THE GRUDGE GETS TO GO TO ALL OVER THE WORLD TO KILL PEOPLE , -LRB- WHO CARES -RRB- ! PLUS IT HAD THE SAME SCENES FROM `` PART ONE '' LIKE THE INFAMOUS PART WHEN THE GRUDGE GOES UNDER THE COVER IN THE BED TO GET THE VICTIM ! JUST SEEING THAT SAME SCENE TWICE BUT JUST IN ANOTHER MOVIE WAS AWFUL ! NO BLOODY KILLING SCENES AT ALL , JUST PEOPLE GETTING PULLED INTO THE GROUND QUICKLY LIKE A LOONEY TOON RABBIT HOLE ! I UNDERSTAND THAT THE DIRECTOR IS TRYING HIS HARDEST TO KEEP THE MOVIE ALIVE , BUT IT SHOULD OF JUST ENDED WITH PART ONE ! PART ONE WAS GREAT , BUT THIS ONE IS A LITTLE ON THE CORNY SIDE!THE GRUDGE 2 AND THE RING 2 SHOULD OF NEVER BEN MADE ! ONLY A 9YR OLD SHOULD BE SCARED BY THIS GARBAGE !
 Unlike other reviewers , I expect to be entertained when I see a movie . Whether I rent the movie or see it in the theater , I am paying my money to see the movie . I do n't intend on wasting my money on a movie that I approach with low expectations.I rented The Grudge thinking that it was a good caliber horror movie . It stunk . The movie is poorly made and is not scary.Compared to another similar movie , The Ring , this movie is not even in the same ballpark . Do n't waste your money or time with this let down of a movie .
 Yet another overrated movie . I fell asleep watching it , even after trying to watch it twice.Annoying actors , annoying noises -LRB- loud noises that are supposed to scare your average teens -RRB- , and it had a stupid ending . Chinese-buffet-horror
 THIS MOVIE SUCKED . THE ONLY GOOD PART WAS THE CREDITS CAUSE YOU THE MOVIE WAS OVER . MANY THINGS IN THIS MOVIE SUCK . YOU KNOW IT HAS TO BE A BAD MOVIE IF IN THE BEGGING WHEN THE GUY COMMITS SUICIDE AND EVERYONE LAUGHS AT IT . I 'VE SEEN DISNEY MOVIES SCARYER THAN THE GRUDGE . BARNEY IS SCARYER THAN THE GRUDGE . I WOULD RATHER HAVE MY TEETH YANK OUT THEN SEE IT AGAIN . WHAT IS SCARY ABOUT SOME KID WHO MEOWS AND LOOKS LIKE HE IS ON DRUGS . IN THE GRUDGE THERE IS BATH TUB FULL OF BLACK WATER , WHEN THE GUY PUTS HIS HAND IN THE WATER HE PULLS OUT SOME HAIR MAKES YOU THINK IS THE REASON WHY THE WATER IS SO DIRTY IS BECAUSE THE HAIR IS CLOGGING THE DRAIN . THE CREATURE WAS N'T ORIGINAL IT WAS LIKE THE LITTE GIRL FROM THE RING . AROUND THE END SMG IS TRYING TO DRAG HER DEAD BOY FRIEND 'S CORPS AWAY FROM THE GRUDGE AND IT IS MOVEING SO SLOW -LRB- I GUESS THAT WAS BEST PART IN HIS ROLE BECAUSE HE WO N'T BE IN THE SEQUIL TO THE GRUDGE . IN THE END I ASK YOU , HOW DO YOU SAVE A HOUSE WHEN THERE IS LIKE 10 GALLONS OF GASOLINE IN AN OLD HOUSE AND A MATCH IS LIT AND IS THROWN ON TO THE 10 GALLONS OF GASOLINE ?
 I ran to see this movie seeing as how the first one was really good to me . After watching it i walk out like , what happened ? I am confused to this day , can someone explain that movie to me please ? No where near as good as the first grudge . You can buy it but do n't say i did n't warn you .
 Having watched the original Japanese Grudge 2 I did n't think it could possibly get worse but nope , the American version even beat that one.A pointless plot that goes nowhere -LRB- The same croaking female ghost with disjointed body movements , the little boy with the large eyes that turns into a cat every now and again and the mad ex hubby thrown in at the end -LRB- That is , if you can be bothered to watch that far , personally I was busy tidying up the living room by that time -RRB- -RRB- For some reason the director of these films seems to think viewers are going to be scared out of their minds by a Japanese woman with large eyes and a hair loss problem which sadly -LRB- for him at least -RRB- they are not . Not even throwing in a majority American cast -LRB- Even though the film is set in Japan -RRB- Is going to convince the audience.Avoid at all costs , there are far better things to be doing with 2 hours of your life .
 Let me start off by saying - I LOVED the first one . And after watching the Grudge 2 AND the special features ... I know why this one is bad . Why was the first one good ? Because all Hollywood did was make it the same version of the Japanese movie with English speaking folks . The second one - too many HOLLYWOOD heads trying to put in their two cents worth . The people at Ghost House -LRB- the company behind this -RRB- should allow the professional Japanese creators to do their thing . The only - and I mean ONLY thing Ghost House need to do to make it a success here in USA is to be sure it is in English and foot the money . That 's it . Personally , I dont mind reading subtitles . A note to Ghost House - listen to your audience and give us an apology for this horrible sequel to a masterpiece and give us The Grudge 3 - but this time please let the Writers write , and the director direct . Hollywood needs to just step back and watch and learn on the remakes of all Asian cinema -LRB- if remakes are necessary at all in the first place -RRB- . Ultimately - more sales and more money . . and you can be proud of being a part of a great movie again . Remember that feeling ?? Trust me - if you scratched your head everytime something did not make sense in this movie - we all would be bald by now . Onto the packaging of the DVD - overall great . I would suggest that they add Spanish to the languages . Many DVDs are now coming without a scene selection menu sheet - they used to be on the inside and on the left . I personally liked using them . Instead we are being attacked by the marketing area of the companies with upcoming DVDs or older DVDs to buy .
 The prefaces of reviewing the grudge will hopefully allay concerns of people who enjoyed this ... movie and are just reading to compare notes . The preface is simply this , a movie has a beginning middle and an end . It has development and it moves , no matter how confined the actual settings are . If character development is not an issue -LRB- and it is n't generally in horror movies -RRB- then plot movement is vital . To be more specific it is vital to making a good horror movie.The grudge does not move . It does not plod either , but patiently instead walks constantly in the same circle , slightly alternating steps on each cycle . In effect this is a director 's filmmaking exercise , taking the same elements of horror repeatedly and putting them in different containers . The sounds - including a sort of a Bjork Medulla-ish , throatal , moaning as children often make to prove they have a sore throat , is n't especially effective . The shadows are a little better in framing the suspense , but the small japanese house used as a setting is too symetrical and neat to be frightening.Being PG-13 there are no chills from gore or violence or shock , all action is cut away from at the last second to maximize the potential audience . Imagine the same effect as Aliens vs. Predator 's rating minus the attractive face of Sanaa Lathan or laughably bad directing . So instead we are repeated to the same teases as AVP offered . All buildup , no payoff . No variety , no change of pace , and no characters with interesting enough personalities to break the mood.Our ` story ' begins -LRB- or more accurately our stage is set -RRB- in a Japanese hotel room . A sudden suicide leaves a woman widowed , her husband having thrown himself over their balcony with no explanation or warning . From there the premise as explained in the trailers is played out . When someone dies in extreme agony the curse stays and all who encounter it are cursed . That 's all . There are no Poltegiest of Hellraiser type developments . All we have are a series of excuses to show off the next scare tactic approxamitely every 15-20 minutes.This is not a movie.original review I wrote here
 The idea of a horror movie being so dull that it put me to sleep , and a restful sleep at that , really surprised me , as I like a lot of different film genres including horror and the variety of horror styles . I will try not to repeat what others have said , but essentially I expected better . If you like The Ring you will love The Grudge ? What a lie . I did like The Ring , but I do n't care much at all for The Grudge . If I was to give The Ring 4 or 5 stars , I could honestly give The Grudge not much more than 1 star.A complete viewing of The Grudge later , did convey to me the basic concept and the essentials of the plot which were intriguing enough . I was left thinking what a great concept was in this movie , yet it was portrayed so lifelessly . The scares ... Were n't . Gellar 's acting has been better . Pullman 's was n't so bad , but seemed merely workman-like . I think it did so well in the first week or so of initial release to theatres simply because the commercials and trailers were better than the movie they promoted . I do believe that I would likely appreciate much better the original -LRB- s -RRB- that The Grudge was based on .
 This movie was a big disappointment . I should have learned my lesson years ago that I should ignore the critics and pay attention to moviegoers reviews on online sites . This movie has about two pages of plot which is dragged out for a full length movie . It is n't scary . The creepy atmosphere gets tedious as the plot does n't move along . The supposedly scary moments are old hat and just get boring with repetition . A loser .
 This was the second worst film I saw in the theaters in 2004 -LRB- the worst was Van Helsing -RRB- . The Grudge was VERY boring . The script was horrible as was the directing . It was poorly acted -LRB- and I 'm sad to say that because I really do love SMG -RRB- . Very few scary or even interesting moments . If someone else had n't paid for my ticket I would have been VERY sad that I wasted my time and money with this thing . Barely worth a rental much less a purchase . These PG-13 `` scary '' movies and remakes are watering down the horror genre .
 I was fooled again into thinking that someone could make a scary movie in modern times . I saw this at the theater and as I had expected , but hoped against , I was so ticked off at the stupid ending that it ruined the entire movie , in retrospect . Just like `` the ring '' was pretty scary up until the end , this movie follows perfect suit . I dont recommend it unless you are into this sort of thing . And to think they are thinking about `` Grudge Part 2 '' . I wont be fooled again , that 's for sure .
 This movie was n't bad . I had scary moments . But overall it made no sense . It 's like the girl from the Ring gets up , walks around , scares people , the end . No real reason for killing people , no method , no back story , hardly a front story really . It 's over and you 're thinking `` Why did any of this happen ? '' Also it seems they ran out of money as the movie ends in the space of about 5 minutes .
 I sure miss the day 's of old fashioned special effect 's . This computer animated garbage has gotten way out of hand . Is there no more talent left in the movie industry ? I 'll take `` Clash of The Titans '' stop motion animation over CGI anyday . Was the little Asian boy supposed to scare me ? He needed a good solid kick in the a ** . This movie sucks !
 Aubrey * Tamblyn -RRB- travels to Japan to bring her sister Karen -LRB- Gellar -RRB- home after the events of the previous film . While there , she gets drawn into the mystery of the house and , along with a reporter -LRB- Chen -RRB- , goes on a quest to find out the truth behind the ghost Kayoko 's anger . Also in Japan , three girls enter the house on a dare , and bring a bit of the grudge out with them . Finally , in America , a distraught girl returns home to an apartment complex , and strange things begin to happen.All of these stories are related , and come together somewhat unsatisfyingly in this unnecessary sequel to 2004 's `` The Grudge '' . The story is weak , and the acting is nothing impressive . The ending almost certainly guarantees another sequel , this time more close to home . Anything creepy from the previews in tame when seen in context , and that means that `` The Grudge 2 '' fails as a horror film . Stay away from this stinker .
 Even if you can see it for free , this movie is a massive waste of time . Wooden acting , confusing `` new '' details that do n't mesh with the original story , too many attempts for a quick scare .
 Are you kidding the creators of this movie should of got a sticker that said im special because me and my cousin could of made this movie in the basment . if anything that was good about the movie was the very begining i wont give anything away .
 This is a remake of the Asian film Ju-on and sadly , does not live up to the original at all.I 'm a horror buff of over 3 decades and to me , Ju-on was intense and genuinely scary . In fact , it is one of my all time favorites ... With this in mind , I found the remake very disappointing . It seemed that everything that made the original so chilling was either changed or omitted . The parts that were changed were done so with special effects that were , I suppose , to give the film a more polished look . For me , this only served to make the film predictable . This , along with changes made in the storyline -LRB- to make it more mainstream ? -RRB- took so much away from what could have been -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- one of the scariest films in years.The original , subtitled version is certainly in my top 10 , if not top 5 scariest films.Ju-on -LRB- The Grudge -RRB-
 This is supposedly the story of a curse that is born and keeps on being reborn , when someone dies in great rage and extreme sorrow . According to that , I 'm the best candidate for the next `` Grudge '' , simply because of the pain and sorrow induced from watching this movie !
 I honestly did n't really like the first movie , but I figured I would give this one a try since -LRB- judging from the previews -RRB- it looked like it would be a little scarier and more action packed . I was dead wrong . This movie recycles so much of what happened in the first movie that nothing ends up being scary.They even reused the `` under the bed-covers '' idea !!! The shining light of the movie was Sarah Michelle Gellar , and her cameo is very short . Amber Tamblyn provided a solid character and her acting was decent . Overall , she did a fair job with the material she was given.The WORST aspect of the film would be the dumbing down of how the curse gets you . In the first movie , you were instantly cursed if you set foot inside the house ... but , NOW , we are informed that it IS N'T the house and it has nothing to do with setting foot ANYWHERE ... but they fail to actually tell the viewers WHAT is causing the curse after that revelation is made.This movie was dissapointing and the ending was horrible . I did n't understand the whole Jennifer Beals storyline ... Was she cheating on her fiance/boyfriend/i dont know what to call him ?? Had the grudge taken over her and caused her to kill him or was that her own malice towards him ? I did n't understand it.I felt bad for the young boy in this movie for having to endure the grudge too-i think there should be some sort of age limit-don ' t kill kids in movies under a certain age ... it 's just distasteful in my opinion . Anyways , this movie left me with so many questions with no answers.It was just bad .
 Heres the deal . My horror movie collection consists of about 700 DVD 's . I know the difference between a good horror movie and a bad one . This film is plainly and simply bad . Not only is the story line played out , but it is also terrible . Not enough plot points , extremely hard to follow , and no this has nothing to do with people being or not being `` sharp '' . Casting an actor like Sarah Michelle takes away from the overall realism of the movie . Good actor ? Yes , but any true horror fan knows that more or less unkown actors only add to the experience by adding realism to the film . Casting a-list actors in horror films comes only as a distraction in my opinion . I tend to stray from horror films set in different countries as they tend to include languages that both the audience and often times the actors cant understand . Overall this is just a sad horror movie . Terrible story line , Mediocre acting , and lots of people speaking some sort of foreign language . I 'm not even sure if this film deserves so much as two stars , as it is in many ways a pathetic film . Do not buy this movie for any reason , rent it if you must , becasue after all , this is just my opinion of the film .
 THIS MOVIE HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH BEING SCARY , IT KINDA JUST WAS A MOVIE ... . THERE WHERE A FEW SLIGHTLY JUMPING SCEENS AND A FEW THAT MADE YOU GO HUH , BUT NOTHING THAT MADE ME HAVE ANTHING CLOSE TO NIGHTMARES OR SLEEP WITH THE LIGHTS ON . IT REALLY COULD HAVE BEEN AN ACTION/MYSTERY MOVIE WITH A PREDICTABLE ENDING THAT DOES NOT LEAVE YOU WANTING MORE . WAIT FOR IT TO COME OUT ON CABLE/DISH .
 You would think that a movie coming across the Pacific would be a good thing . I mean , c'mon , they 've given us this such as manga , DDR , karate , etc. etc. . You would think that they would master in horror as well . Let me tell you this movie was nothing but predictable . All I ever did was laugh at how stupid it was . This movie was truthfully worse than Cursed , and that movie was a jokefest . Sarah Michelle Gellar - horrible acting on her part in this movie . I loved her in Buffy , but here , she was not to much to praise .
 Hmmm ok so some people hear stuff and they get killed , they see stuff and they get killed , they hear stuff and see stuff and they get killed ... the end . Whoopie doo Anyone scared by this should be ashamed of themselves . Anyone entertained by this should be ashamed of themselves . The CG that are the `` ghost '' or spirits or whatever you want to call them in this movie is so horrible and easily distinguishable from everything else , it 's not scary at all . A kid that goes around opening his mouth real wide and meowing like a cat , a woman who sounds like some kind of bird or amphibian that 's upset OH MY GOD !!!! It 's sooooooooooooo scary . This movie is the lamest horror movie I 've ever seen . The kids have it right on this one . This `` horror '' movie is stupid . The fact that any adults actually find this movie worth watching is more horrific than the movie itself . I sincerly hope that The Grudge finds itself grudgingly doomed to the bargin bins of stores everywhere for all eternity . This video is so bad I could see it being offered in One Dollar stores across the country and no one buying it for even that price . I think anyone giving this movie a good review is obviously being paid off by some unknown orginization somewhere -LRB- possibly the movie 's producers and actors -RRB- as it is just too horrible to like at all . However I do recommend this video to any `` christian '' families which might be trying to find horror movie suitible for toddlers . This movie wo n't give anyone a nightmare , except for the parents who will wake up screaming because of what they paid for it.Updated 6/17/06 - I still think this movie sucks .
 I think I would have had more fun if I had been slamming my head against the wall for 2 hours . I watched it on HBO , so I did n't pay money , thank god.It 's a dumb clich&eacute; horror movie with the old haunted house thing going . The interesting thing is that it alternates between dumb pseudo-expository scenes that reveal trivially small amounts of information , but the backstory is so obvious , aside from a few TINY details , that it HURT MY BRAIN.Not to mention I like movies with resolutions . I will refrain from posting a spoiler , but if you want horror films to have a little bit more than just a few startling moments and then bad acting and obnoxious CGI ghost things and a complete lack of a resolution , which is one of the most important parts of any story , than I guess this is the movie for you .
 I had great expectations for this film but was sorely disappointed . The story jumps time periods frantically that you never really get attached to the plot . The story is also a bit vague . The actors are poorly cast -LRB- sorry SMG -RRB- with Grace Zabriskie giving the only inspiring performance -LRB- as per usual -RRB- as a bed ridden invalid ... and that ai n't saying much . What was up with the frog noises ? How did all these Americans end up in Japan and find such bad luck ? The film requires an extreme suspension of disbelief that just leaves the viewer bored .
 Are you kidding ? This movie was n't even worth the rental . It does move along rather slowly , not that movies that are n't face-paced are n't good , they are , but usually they have a better plot and characters involved . The storyline does n't play out in chronological order , not that it matters.The movie in a nutshell : Bill Pullman jumps to his death in the beginning , reasons unknown as to why . Then the girl Yoko who is the old ladies caretaker comes upon the ghostlike boy and cat and she gets yanked into the attic . So now Sarah Michelle Gellar is a substitute for Yoko because the agency she works for thinks Yoko is sick because they ca n't get a hold of her . So Sarah goes to the house and does the cleaning routine and she hears a banging/meowing noise so she investigates and finds a taped up wall . She rips it open and there is the boy with his cat again . She leaves because the cat is growling at her and goes back to doing chores . Then the boy is at the top of the stairs and so on . So , Sarah goes back to check on the woman , and she is talking to someone . She goes into her room and sees her staring at something and asks her what and she replies `` I just want her to leave me alone '' , then tucks her into bed . She looks up into the corner and sees this black shadow octopus looking thing and she sits in the corner with a look of fear in her face . The police come and investigate and find two corpses which were the married couple , the son of the old woman , and a human jaw . -LRB- They both die from the little ghost boy . -RRB- In the end it turns out that the little boys mother had a crush on Bill Pullman and he did n't know , and her husband killed her son and her in a jealous rage and then himself , and Bill Pullman came upon them and then he killed himself the next day.What a waste of time .
 I 'd watch it again , but it 's not something i 'd waste money on . I 'd see it , just for a good story , but borrow it from a friend or somethin' .
 ALL THIS MOVIE WAS ABOUT IS A GHOST WITH HER EYE 'S POPING OUT . WHOOPEEE ! LOL
 I would give this 0 stars if I could but amazon does n't have it available . This is the WORST movie EVER . Stupid and retarted . This movie is NOT even worth a rent . Do n't waste your time .
 The curse of failing to succeed with a sequel is what happened to The Grudge 2 juse like The Ring 2 . The film is not scary anymore because they are so predictable and the scary stuff is so much like the first film . So when the story is not as interesting as the first , it just wo n't work . It was still worthed for me because I was interested in seeing Jennifer Beals and Hong Kong 's Edison Chen . They both tried their best to turned in a good performance for roles that are so mediocre . I really liked the first Grudge and was very scared by it , but this sequel just did n't have the same impact as a horror film . The scary images just got a bit annoying somehow . How many times can you find screaming ghost boy and crooked ghost crawling to be a scary thing to watch ?
 Short and sweet , THE GRUDGE 2 is n't nearly as spooky or as good asThe Grudgeor the ultra-creepyJu-on -LRB- The Grudge -RRB- . Now , here 's a fatter version of that sentence : In Japan , where ghosts run rampant , there is a house counted as one of the most haunted in all the land . That bleak house lies in Tokyo , and THE GRUDGE unveiled the origin of its rage-consumed haunt . THE GRUDGE 2 again centers on the haunt 's murderous rampages as , this time , the spirit holds sway in three different story arcs and claims even more victims.The main storyline has Aubrey Davis -LRB- Amber Tamblyn -RRB- flying out to Tokyo to visit her estranged sister Karen -LRB- Sarah Michelle Gellar -RRB- , who languishes in a hospital even as she 's charged with arson -LRB- detailed in the first GRUDGE film -RRB- . Aubrey manages to briefly speak with a hysterical Karen before hospital staff restrain her . Karen 's parting advice to Aubrey
 The Grudge , based on a Japanese horror film , involves a haunted house that seems to destroy everything it touches and the lives of Americans living in Japan . It 's off to a bad start from the begining when it fails to explain how these characters came about to living in Japan and just gives them titles like exchange student and Professor . I happen to know for a fact that Japan is one of the homogenous countries in the world , which is just a way of saying very few non-Japanese people live there . Also the Japanese characters , seemingly few for a movie set in Japan , all talk in perfect english . Well people do n't see this kind of movie for an insight into Japanese culture anyway.Apparently we learn that the haunted house the movie center 's around once had a family that was murdered in it -LRB- and they fail to tell the American family moving in , yeah right -RRB- . There 's also a professor who in the past had encountered the house and surcomed to his death because of it . Sarah Michelle Geller 's character encounters this house , finds it 's not an ordinary house , and investigates . Trust me I 'm giving nothing away ; even if I wanted to it would be impossible for me to explain the major plot points . There are visual sequences that could very well have been effective had the story made any sense what so ever . Simply put this film is one scene after another of a noise , or an image , or a phenoma without the slightest bit of coherence to a plot . It 's riddled with inconsistancies and there 's a flashback sequence as uncomprehesible as anything else in this film . There 's also no character developement , which might be the least of it 's problems.Judging by my writing so far I should give it just one star , but I hesitate due to the visual nature . As I said there are scenes that could be effective in a better story . It does have a sense of creepiness , though I really was never scared . I can compare this to The Ring , another visually strong film , but one that was actually going somewhere , and was intrigueing , and yes was actually frieghtening . The Grudge plays us like a yo-yo , yanking us again and again without purpose , and in the end we 're lost in comprehension .
 I had all hopes for this movie and was stunned at how bad they managed to make it . The only thing I could give a rating for was the special and very eerie visual effects , the rest spoilt what could have been a stunning horror.The movie felt as though it was in bits . There was no gradual build up , nor breaks inbetween to further build ups . There was one scene after another of horror . It lost impact almost from the word go when you realised that after one `` fast and obvious build up to the expected climax of horror '' there came another and another , one right after the other . When you have constant climaxes , there is nothing more to watch.I sat and watched a disjointed movie filled with `` scenes '' . They ruined the eerie parts by then overdoing it and not giving the viewer a chance to appreciate it and become drawn in.I found myself at the end of the movie in a state of shock thinking `` is this it ?? '' . What potential , yet what a disaster !!! And I am not hard to please . I am a horror fan and can appreciate even the stupid ones , but this was a movie that should have been real impact stuff , designed to be serious and designed to shock , but again lost all impact.The scenes shold have been more realistic and slowly built up to , and spaced further apart , with little eerie things inbetween . They ALMOST did it a few times , but wham , once again the over the top and fast climax and then onto the next one.Unfortuantely , now that they have such special effects , they rely on those to make the movie and the movie ends up being crap .
 This movie is like the ring to me . Both were unninteresting and not scary . Besides the shining and certain exceptions , I usually do n't get scared during unrealistic horror movies . This one is n't scary , and tries to scare you by randomly showing someone 's eye on the screen . That 's not what I call scary . The plot centers around a haunted house in Japan , and everyone that enters this house shall die . This is due to some curse and of course when Sarah Michelle Gellar goes inside it , she 's got to find a way to save herself . And of course , her boyfriend wants to die too so he goes in also . Just like the boyfriend in the ring . The movie is n't particullarily scart , and if you dissliked the ring like me , you wo n't like this . But if you liked it , you 'll love it . Oh , and by the way , the little boy that makes cat noises -LRB- Meowwwww -RRB- is n't scary ! That 's got to be the stupidest thing ever ! I found myself laughing every time he 'd Meow . Well , anyway , that 's all I 've got to say .
 The cover looks cool and scary so I must warn you . You CAN NOT trust a book or DVD by its cover !! I 'm serious , I do not understand why this movie was supposed to be scary . I felt like been there done that a million times before . This movie , despite a strong cast , just did n't do it for me .
 I mean that this movie is not unlike the average horror movie you encounter within your lifetime
 `` The Grudge '' is based on the Japanese hit , `` Ju On , '' which I viewed a few months before watching this film . Sarah Michelle Gellar plays Karen Davis , an American student who works for some kind of social work agency - the details are never really apparent . When one of her colleagues fails to show up for work , Gellar is sent to care for an elderly patient . Upon arriving at the home , Gellar finds a creepy boy -LRB- Toshio -RRB- locked in the closet , which sets into action the main plot.I 'm definitely not opposed to foreign films being remade for the American market ; however , they seldom live up to the original , as is the case with `` The Grudge . '' The film retains many of the original elements , including the Tokyo locale , director Takashi Shimizu , several Japanese stars , and the basic story . Interestingly , much of the background story has changed , which makes the plot more linear and comprehensible . However , the result is a story that is much more obvious and devoid of suspense . What played as mystical and creepy in the original film with Japanese actors sometimes seems semi-laughable when Gellar or Bill Pullman are inserted into the action . I 'm not a Buffy fan , but I could n't help but think that Gellar should kick the specter into next year.I was n't a big fan of `` Ju On , '' but it did have creepy atmosphere that 's missing from `` The Grudge . '' Thus , I ca n't recommend the remake .
 Wow , what a total let down ! The fact people think this film is scary is rediculous . The special effects were a direct rip-off of `` The ring . '' The story ? Was there one ? Not in my opinion . . Just a bunch of flashy imaging . The entire film was a boring , stupid , mess . I guess there is always a market for bad films with good marketing campaigns . However , this is the worst horror film I have seen in years . And that Buffy chick ? Well , she 's a bad actress ! As plastic as Barbie and just as talented . . No , wait , that would be an insult to BARBIE ! I suppose many kiddies helped this film at the box ofice as it was PG-13 , and had it been rated R , it would have bombed IMO ! Stupid movie !
 Once again I learned the hard way by parting with my $ based on Hollywood hype of this film . IT SUCKED ! If you want to see it that badly , please rent or borrow . This movie was - A -RRB- Not at all scary , B -RRB- bounced around more than a basketball game , C -RRB- embarrassing to watch the terrible acting by otherwise good -LRB- not great -RRB- actors , D -RRB- and despite a workable and understandable premise - got terribly lost in translating this premise to the audience . In fact , you have to keep reminding yourself what the movie is SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT because it gets lost in the process . Our family of 4 sat down to watch this movie and by a third of the way into it , all of us were preoccupied with other things . I finally ended the madness by fast forwarding to the last chapter to see the stupid and disappointing ending ! Proving once again , box office success -LRB- in this case opening weekend before everyone stopped going to see it -RRB- does not necessarily mean - GOOD movie . -LRB- And when did the notion that what works in the overseas viewing market means it has to work here ? -RRB-
 The commentary eludes to the fact that A LOT was trimmed to make this a PG-13 film for kiddie American audiences . An Unrated Director 's Cut is coming to DVD in a few months . This `` new '' American practice of studios not giving director 's final cut and forcing them to trim down horror movies at the eleventh hour just to get a PG-13 rating and then releasing them TWICE on DVD is really getting on my last nerve . I 'm 34 years old and I like to see R-rated horror films now that mommy no longer has to accompany me to the theater ... HOLLYWOOD PAY ATTENTION - You are alienating all the Gen-Xers who love horror films ...
 If you enjoy movies where everything gets quiet and then something scary jumps out with a loud noise , this one is for you . It happens over , and over , and over ... meanwhile the plot is straight line and absurdly simple , the characters are there just long enough for us to figure out who they are before they get bumped off , and the editing makes for confusing time cuts so you 'll have something to think about because otherwise there is nothing in this movie for you .
 This one manages to break all the rules for making a good sequel while falling into all the pitfalls that make a bad one . The scary scenes are exactly like those in the original , and they just are n't as scary second time round . No new explanation or coherence is given to the overall story arc ; on the contrary , the supposed explanations of the first movie are undermined , leaving the viewer completely baffled about what , ultimately , is going on . The original heroine does not struggle to new victories , nor is she swept into new depths of horror ; she is merely bumped off , in the first five minutes , having duly performed her box office role of bringing 'em back to the theater . Sarah Michelle Gellar can inform even five minutes with her luminous presence , and make even a straight jacket look good , but that just leaves the hapless , dull , almost inert and not-very-pretty -LRB- here , anyway -RRB- Amber Tamblyn with nothing to do but be disappointing . The three-strand story is tedious to follow . Everybody dies , there 's no point , and after the first five minutes there 's no Buffy ; in fact , there 's nothing at all for the viewer but the movie-makers ' ill-concealed contempt .
 These `` The Ring '' type horror movies are getting old fast.And how is it that the ghost/monster/spirit / little girl creature can use a phone and the victims automatically regress to Neanderthal levels of intelligence right on cue.Go get `` Saw '' or better yet , John Carpenter 's `` Prince of Darkness '' .
 This is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen in my life it was so stupid it 's sad . In my opinion anyone who likes this movie is scary !! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF CRAP !!!!!!!
 The Grudge plays exactly how a horror film should . An orchestrated series of incidents coupled with a protagonist who 's trying to get to the bottom of things . Following the cult success of the much talked-about -LRB- but pretty lackluster -RRB- The Ring , this is another Japan-originated production which has made its way to Western shores . Does it keep afloat in the world of horror , or sink like its preceding overseas cousin ? While it does have its scare attributes to contribute to its genre , The Grudge never allows its story to surpass its moments of terrifying fun , and it 's a shame that the effectiveness of the so-called fun wears out almost too soon.Although keenly reliant on story logic , the biggest problem is n't exactly a lack of horror elements or one-sided cliched characters , but that the plot progresses rather sluggishly behind a curtain of tried-and-true tactics . The truth behind the entire mystery is eventually uncovered , but a ridiculous amount of stereotypical ` do n't - open-that-door ' type scenes overly dominates the movie , with one happening after another and another . While this sounds fitting for The Grudge , the sequence of events become all too predictable and repetitive to a point you know the film is trying to prepare more scares . The split-second frights are especially grating after the first several attempts and serve as cheap annoying distractions while its bizarre use of telling the story at different times makes an uneven mess . By the time it ends , it feels as though the movie has exhausted itself.On the plus side , the characters are n't the usual you would find like most of the similar kind . Expect them to be well integrated into the movie 's appropriate atmosphere . Also , the film does have its moments to have you bounce in your seat and feel uneasy , and may even perhaps provide a good laugh or two . If you have yet to see any of the previous Ju-On movies , then this remade version is n't a bad place to start . In a time when horror films seem to be waning down , The Grudge could rejuvenate your interest in them once more . But others should be forewarned , since it is a pretty forgettable film after one viewing . Creepy flicks tend to leave a lasting impression long after they end , but The Grudge is n't one of them . Although it may make you jump early on , do n't expect to maintain that frightened feeling for long once that same door is repeatedly being opened , over and over .
 I do n't have a problem with movies employing non-linear narratives -- Memento and The Limey do this very well . The Grudge fails not because of the narrative structure , but because we never settle on whose story this is . It is distributed too thinly among too many characters . Despite the fact that Gellar gets top billing , it does n't seem to be any more her story than any of the other characters.Still , there are some effective images -LRB- and sounds ! -RRB- -- they would be very much more effective , though , if the writer had allowed us to develop a connection with the characters .
 America ca n't do nothing original they stole the idea off of the chinese great success in their movie -LRB- Ju-on -RRB- . This film has a paper-thin plot , barely makes sense , shoddy-looking special effects , overused flashbacks , lackluster performances , and ultimately makes `` The Ring '' look like a masterpiece . Bill Pullman was grossly underutilized , albert scanty screen-time was written that way in the script for him .
 okay I saw this movie after have heard good critics about it.But , well after have seen it , I wonder how you can love it or be frightened by it.It is slow , the story is a classic in horror type movie , and actors do n't really elevate the level.I used to have a weakness for horror movie but I 'm not crazy about it , and to be honest this one sucks ... It 's not gore at all and you can presume that the realisator atempted to build a frightening atmosphere but it does n't work on me
 I give it 2 stars just because it had me and my friends cracking up when we went to see it , but as a horror film -LRB- the genre it was intended -RRB- it is an absolutely terrible waste of time .
 I will make it quick , clear and simple.First I 'm a big horror fan and I mean all kind of horror movies.I wanted to like this movie , because i 've seen Ju-On in a festival 2 years ago and it was weak . I mean , a kid with a cheap white make-up , weak storyline and pace , very boring . And please stop to compare it to The Ring or Ringu . -LRB- These 2 movies are good exemple of great horror movies -RRB- And The Remake , yes the remake , just a little better cheap white make-up . Directed by the same guy , it 'S almost the same movie , it 'S in the same house , same kid , same story , same pace , but for this time , good special effects . Not even close to the Ring , that was a scary and very well directed movie , + great visuals.And for the acting ? We can say it 'S okay.To be honest , I do n't really understand why so much peoples find this movie very scary , like the scariest they 've seen in years . The only creepy and good moment of the film is at the end , the scene in the stairs . -LRB- wo n'T spoil it -RRB- People , wait for The ring 2 , because if it 'S good as Ringu 2 -LRB- I 've seen it couple years ago in a festival -RRB- that 'S gon na be scary !
 I liked how it took place in Japan , Chickensaurus . I thought that was cool . I thought it might be a pretty good movie , but once Sarah Michelle Gellar saw the darkhair and eyeballs coming from the ceiling . SCARY . and then I lost it ; did n't know what was going on . No more Buffy the Vampire Slayer . It seemed . What the are you doing here . Over here . Bill Pullman , the President and Lone Star -- I think his career is going down the crapper if this role is any indication . But that is about it . Quite Frankly with Steven A. Smith , I did not know what the hell was going on in this movie.Here are movies , Similar to this genre I liked : Jeepers Creepers -LRB- part 2 sucked -RRB- Signs -LRB- I like all Night Shyamalan 's -RRB- Did n't Like : Blair WitchDark Water -LRB- Currently in theatres -RRB-
 I was so hoping this was going to be one of those `` gems '' that horror fans hope to find . Wow , was I wrong.First of all , the title itself is pretty self explanatory , as the narrator basically explains it at the beginning of the film . So someone dies in rage , and they get all anal about people being in their house , I get it.So I 'm sitting through the film waiting for a really interresting , unique storyline explaining why these `` things '' are so pissed at the people who walk through their front door . Waiting , waiting , waiting ... movie ends ... Waiting , waiting , waiting ... credits end , back to DVD menu ... Um ... ok ... So they 're just mad for no reason ??? I thought maybe there 'd be more of an explanation in the DVD extras . There were , in the making of the movie , but I found myself thinking , `` Thank God I did n't go to this in the theater ! '' . It lacks in the story department mostly . Sure , there ended up to be a reason as to why these creatures are haunting this seemingly oridinary house -LRB- they were killed without knowing why they were killed -RRB- , but I got to thinking , `` Why are n't other ghosts in other movies and stories like this ? '' -LRB- ... -RRB- It just was a sheer dissapointment . I am a major fan of horror , but mostly in horror games since I have yet to see a really good horror movie that makes me wet my pants and turn on all the lights in the house -LRB- except maybe Silence of the Lambs -RRB- . So I was a little scared of my bed once I finished this movie , but that 's about it , and I got over that quite quickly when I got really tired.I suppose this movie might be worth seeing if you 've seen very minimal horror movies and/or games . Then you might be scared -LRB- like I notice kid 's get really scared by this movie -RRB- . But if you 're desensitized like me , it 's not worth your time or your money .
 Let me just get this off my chest ... for the love of God , just because the Ring was a surprise horror hit , could you please stop trying to copy it in every horror film ! This film has the same cheesy lighting and imagery that ` the Ring ' did . The main terror in this film is bottom line , a naked asian boy who meows . That scares me , but not in a horror way . Sarah Michelle Gellar is not bad nor any of the actors cast in here , they just were n't given much and unfortunately neither were we . Catch it on cable or satelite tv late one night , then forget it . Not one you want to waste adding to the collection .
 Poor Sarah Michelle Gellar she had to suffer through the making of this terrible film . Lets see there is too much in common with the ring and I loved the ring but that is not a good thing . I mean they took the girl from the ring and made her look different and that was the villain . Do n't waste your time on this one .
 When my family decided to see the movie The Grudge , I was totally stoked . The previews seemed awesome and I totally looked foward seeing it . After the first half hour I was bored . It was an extremely dull movie with a simple , simple story line thrown in with special affects and loud music . One thing I hated with the movie was that it jumped around showing the different affects that the grudge affected all of the characters . I 'm sure that the japenese movie is highly more eventful then dull 1 hour and 45 minutes was . It was truly a waste of $ 7.00 -LRB- canadian -RRB- .
 This is a movie about two little ghosts who burp at you until you kill yourself or fall into a coma or lose your jaw so that your tongue hangs down like a necktie.Little Brother ghost and Little Sister ghost -LRB- actually Mommy Ghost but who cares ? -RRB- are the victims of a murder-suicide . This fact is obscured by the much more pungent fact that they are victims of Genre . The director 's insulated obsession with horror films has him forcing the Sibling Spooks to burp their way across town , up elevator shafts , down stairwells , through cell phones and even once in the window reflection of a public transit vehicle.Their bad manners are not the only shenanigans the poor devils are forced to perform . They are both made to alternate between `` hiding under the bed '' and `` hiding in the attic '' - both being locations in which their prey never fail to fatally discover them . They are forced to wear large amounts of eyeliner and white foundation which they must remove and reapply instantly - and Spooky Sis is required to keep her hair carefully covering her face and to move with jerky motions in order to imitate the director 's favorite spook from a different movie - The Ring.Even though Sis can turn herself into smoke she is still forced to crawl downstairs - because ... well because crawling is spookier than walking . I guess . Also , they both have a thing for `` opening their eyes * suddenly * . '' Sis is also known for manipulating the electric circuitry of an apartment surveillance camera . Their only handicap - like a cat forced to wear a bell around its neck our two mini-spooks are required to gastro-intestinally announce their approach upon their victims . This gives the victims time to be `` horrified '' before their jaw falls off or they go catatonic.The director 's task was to take this entire situation and make it scary - no easy feat considering how goofy it is . The Genre Beast forces our director to replace substance with style
 Leave well enough alone and stop this terribly embarassing trend of taking perfectly good and genuinely creepy Japanese horror films and watering them down into insipid and insulting wastes of celluloid.Really Grudge 2 was a really , really bad film . I kind of liked the first Grudge remake although some of the original creepy scenes were replaced with less creepier scenes or left out altogether -LRB- the bathroom scene in the Japanese original was replaced with the stairwell scene , the night watchman scene and the TV scene at the house were completely left out , etc. -RRB- but Grudge 2 took it one step further and did their own thing and it was n't good . How many times do we have to watch a girl in a dark creepy house hear a frightening noise , investigate it , see a ghost and then continue to wander around the house as if nothing happens ? Not scary . How many times do we have to hear a character over explain what is happening as if we were n't paying attention to the movie ourselves ? Not scary . How many times do we have sit through a scene of sudden loud noises meant to scare us ? Not scary . How many times do we have to watch a ghost chase down its victim only to find that when the victim turns around the ghost is gone ? Not scary . Not suspenseful . Not original.The only interesting scenes in Grudge 2 are the opening sequence and the closing sequence . The ghost in the sweatshirt scene was pretty original . Outside of that , there are little to no scares , no suspense and nothing original . The only disorienting aspect of this movie was the story being told out of order and what was the point of the dying mom in the bed ? Yikes ! I can write a better horror movie than this.Hollywood I beg you please stop the insanity . Leave well enough alone . Hire some writers to come up with some fresh , cliche free , less-is-more scary movies and leave the J-horror alone . Clearly the scares are lost in translation .
 I went to the movies to see this and I wish I had n't wasted the money . It was not scary and it was rather bizarre ... Sarah Michelle Gellar is a type of house call nurse who is living in Tokyo with her boyfriend . She is asigned a particular womans home when the regular visiting nurse does n't show up to work -LRB- we see what happened to her in the beginning -RRB- ... basically when she gets to the house weird things happen ... a freakish child appears and noises and other weird things happen ... even when she leaves she is haunted by this mysterious thing ... and Sarah Michelle is determined to find out what is going on ... I guess its like when someone dies violently there is rage left behind in the place where they were killed and Sarah Michelle finds out what happened in the house to make it haunted ... I do n't want to give things away in case you decide to actually see it for yourself ... but I would skip it . It 's not scary , it 's odd , the story is n't even good , and the talent is at mediocre best.I was utterly dissappointed in this film and do not recommend it .
 The Grudge had its share of jumpy moments and freakiness . But the actual story is somewhat dissapointing . People enter and house and get mysteriously killed off one by one . Ok , sounds interesting . But in reality , it was on the slow side . I just could n't bring myself to care about any of the characters , and I think that weakened the movie for me . The premise is interesting , but it just did n't deliver .
 I did like the first Grudge . Granted , it was a tad confusing at first , but once I figured out what was happening , I liked it.However , The Grudge 2 is just awful . It comes across as having been made for no other reason than to makea sequel . The underlying premise is weak , and from there it just goes downhill.The characters are lame , the story is lame , and the acting is lame . And the non-linear story telling approachonly adds confusion . The story comes across as somewhat unfocused and tends to jump around . Too manydifferrent characters and sub-plots going on also . It did n't come across as a `` complex '' story , just muddledand lacking direction .
 Supposedly the story of an American nurse living in a haunted house in Tokyo where she is exposed to a mysterious curse that locks a person in a powerful rage before claiming their life and spreading to another victim . Well , that story line is so hard to follow in this nonesensical jump-out-of-the-dark scare 'em up that I do n't even know myself why I started the review that way.Let me start again
 The Evil Dead team of Sam `` Spider-Man '' Raimi and producer Bob Tapert helped bring this American adaptation of Takashi Shimizu 's Ju-On
 This is a very good case for NOT remaking classic Japanese films . Ju-on is the scariest film my Lao wife and I have ever seen . We watched the original in Japanese with English subtitles . Scared the pants off both of us . The US remake is , I believe the Japanese word is `` gomi '' . Please excuse if that is n't spelled correctly . It means junk . Ju-on works because of it 's minimalist approach , not an overblown sound track and hokey effects . Do n't waste your money . Buy the original .
 There has to something in Japanese movies that I do n't get . Thinking of The Ring and The Grudge of two movies that I do n't understand at all.When I read about the movie , it sounded promising
 Is n't it strange how you can watch a movie with a group of people and some will love it , some will hate it and some will just say , `` ho-hum ! '' Well , that was the scene at my home as we watched The Grudge.I have to admit that there were several times when we all jumpedand some of the scenes had that scary surprised element , but most of us find it very frustrating to just sit and watch a house and some cat and little boy running around . It took most of the movie to even find out there was a curse put on the house.Now , my sister-in-law thought it was very scary , so go figure.Personally I was bored and frustrated with this moive and was glad when it was over , but you decide . To each his own .
 i rented this movie a few days ago ... the cover caught my eye . . after siting through this i was saying to myself what a rip off ive seen better independent films . . than this trash . . the film has a rehashed plot . . and theres sara michelle geller big fricking deal . . buffy tanked , now shes doing movies . oh joy . . want to see some good horror films check out films from the halloween series , the psycho series , or even the nightmare on elm street series ... or even rent willard : -RRB-
 Sarah Michelle Gellar -LRB- Tv 's Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- plays Katherine , a woman who is now taking care of a what looks like a sick woman , played by Grace Zabriskie -LRB- R.S.V.P. -RRB- Now , as Gellar is putting the woman to sleep , something comes up to the side of her and shocks the hell out of her ... it looks like a japanese girl . . floating . Then , we get into flashbacks of when the old woman -LRB- Zabriskie -RRB- bought the house with her daughter , played by Clea DuVall -LRB- Identity -RRB- and her daughter 's husband played by William Mapother -LRB- Tv 's LOST -RRB- . Also , Gellar finds out about a man named Peter , played by Bill Pullman -LRB- Zero Effect -RRB- , as she experiences a flashback of him and finds out the secret to why this woman has such a grudge against the people . You either dig it or you dont , is my saying and I dug it to a certain point where it kinda went downhill from there . Director Takashi Shimizu rewrote this story Ju-On
 Not suspense as much as gore . There was no resolution , and the plot was non-existent . Must have saved a fortune in script writing .
 The production on this was decent , but the story totally fails at the end . Starts off like a mystery ghost story and ends like a needy gore flick.First off , congrats for finishing it . Most people never even finish their films.Production : I 'd seen the trailer here on Amazon on Demand , but did n't see it until it was on Netflix . The footage make a heavy use of Magic Bullet-eque coloring and has a few sound issues here and there , but I 've heard worse . The music was great , although it did n't always fit the scene . The acting of OK , only 1 or 2 people really seems to do well . The set and location are awesome . I would like to see a real investigation if the place exists.Story : It was decent right up until you get to the climax and goes to the end making no sense at all . I was enjoying everything until the 2 blonde dudes and Matt starting confronting the owner at dinner . Then it really starts to decline from there . The story does n't resolve , the killing do n't make any sense , there is not explanation for anything that happens , finally , the end tries to make an ironic close , but just ends up being off story.If you 're a ghost investigator , you 'll wo n't like it.If you 're into ghost stories , you wo n't like it.If you 're into gore , you 'll think it 's really tame.If you like watching REAL independent movies , then you might watch it . I gave it 2 stars , but I actually do n't like it ... so I 'm upgrading for the production value .
 I 've said it before , but seriously ... This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . And I 've seen alot . Bad acting , bad storyline . Nothing made sense . Even the blood was bad . It looked more like Grape Jelly then blood . Thats right , Grape Jelly . Not even Strawberry . And to make matters worse , it has two brothers that look like the Hanson Twins in it .
 `` Killing Zoe '' is a slow moving bank hiest gone awry film that is no where near as involving or breathtaking as Quenton Tarintino 's `` Reservoir Dogs , '' which brilliantly tackles similar material . `` Killing Zoe '' simpley lacks Tarintino 's energetic story telling abilities . It also lacks intresting characters we can relate to , complexity , and plot twists . It contains virtually no character developement and no big twists or turns in the plot . Not to mention the huge holes in logic .
 I agree with Maltin 's review completely , it was disapointing and completly average . Considering films such as `` Albino Alligator , '' `` Reservoir Dogs , '' and `` In Harm 's Way , '' `` Killing Zoe '' is nothing special or worth checking out .
 Film is a pulp fiction type . Very dull and slow in plot development . Bank robbery scene is compelling but also a tired retread . Bottom line is boredom . Not worth the time to watch . save yourself and skip this one ...
 A very weak and uninspiring bank heist film that is completely predictable from the first 5 minutes into the movie . Overdone plot about a robbery gone wrong and the safe-cracker hero who has a heart . Nothing original here except for scenes too vulgar and tasteless to show on any film except for x-rated gay films.The script is nihl and the acting less than stellar . The screenplay is littered with intentional conincidences too absurd to be credible . I frankly could have done without the grotesque heroin-induced sodomy scenes . Watch `` Heat '' instead if you want to see a great bank heist film . Do n't waste your time or money on this one , it 's a sleeper at best
 Flashy camera work does not make a good movie . This was never more evident than in Avary 's `` Killing Zoe . '' The director is obviously a talented director . As a writer , however , he ignores key elements such as character developement , plot twists , and the most important element in any hiest film
 I wish I was Zoe so that someone would have killed me before I started watching this drivel.This film was reccomended to me and all I can say is I 'm glad I did n't pay to see it.Quentin Tarantino and Lawrence Bender produced this . I must admit , I find that very hard to believe . Not because of the slow pace , crappy story and characters -LRB- Although that is surprisng for those two -RRB- but it 's the incredible lack of money that surprised me most of all . Do n't get me wrong on this , I do n't care if a film is made on pennies . BUT IT HAS TO BE GOOD.Robert Rodrigiez made El Mariachi on seven thousand dollars . This looks like it was made on seven cents.I personally think that this film was no more than one of Tarantino 's old Video archives buddies asking for a bit of money to make a film . Tarantino being the nice guy that he supposedly is , not to mention a film addict , was curious to see what his friend would produce . Now it went one of two ways.Either Tarantino and Bender gave him the money and left him to do the whole thing on his own without any tip offs , or the guy just kept all the money , went to the local supermarket to pick up a crappy video camera -LRB- cos that 's what it looks like -RRB- and shot the film without a care in the world eagerly awaiting the rap party.Anyway I f you find all this hard to believe -LRB- Just like I did -RRB- then get hold of this and find out yourself . But make sure you do yourself a favour and when you start to get incredibly bored , turn the film off . Take my advice , It does n't get any better.I would be surprised if Lawrence Bender and Quentin Tarantino did n't agree with me !
 My most recent ex-wife refused to watch this because her daughter 's name matched 50 % of the title -LRB- no ... not Killing -RRB- . When I finally did get to see the thing , I was ... let down . It had , after all , been highly recommended by friends . Gosh
 Despite all the talent surrounding `` Killing Zoe '' I found it to be routine and disapointing . How could the man who helped write the zany , unpredictable rollercoaster `` Pulp Fiction '' write and direct such a standard , dull movie ? This movie rarely held my attention and I felt it was pretentious and contrived . Also , it lacked the surprise and insanity of `` Reservoir Dogs , '' which it frequently seemed to be ripping off and copying off of .
 Very disappointing . I 'm a big fan of Tarantino/Rodriquez-type films , but this one is flat out stupid . No sympathetic characters , action is blurry . Rent it if you must .
 Movie Summary
 come on ! never have i seen a more contrived , indulgent Tarantino rip off in my life . An unoriginal bore with hammy acting , unispired directing and an idiotic story .
 I 've been told a few times what a superb movie `` Killing Zoe '' is . I was VERY disapointed at this lame , Tarantino imitation . Avary does not know much about writing a script , apparently . It seems that Hhe spent all his time setting up contrived and over used camera angles . He did n't bother throwing in any surprises or even characters that the viewer could empathize with for that matter . Low budget trash . Maltin was right
 I am no fan of Julie Delpy , but she was the best thing about this movie . The film was plotless and a BIG waste of time . Half of the movie is wasted with a bunch of French characters getting drugged up ... and all this wasted time really irritated me and actually angered me . I could not believe I was sitting there watching such stupidity . -LRB- I had to sit through it because a friend agreed to watch a movie I recommended if I would do the same -RRB- . Eric Stoltz could do better than this , but for some reason , here he is in this film about a prostitute -LRB- Delpy -RRB- who saves the day -LRB- at least for Stoltz -RRB- after a bank robbery gone bad . If I could give this film ZERO stars , I would . Do n't waste a moment of your precious time on this garbage .
 A relatively bad movie which is helped primarily by an interesting premise and -LRB- here and there -RRB- some real style . The first half of this movie is drawn-out , poorly acted , and generally incredibly dull . The second half , once the heist begins , is circumstantially well set up and sometimes entertaining , at one or two points even a touch brilliant , but it is n't enough to counterbalance the questionable performances -LRB- save for the really mean French guy , he 's great -RRB- , the over-the-top gimmicks , the badly developed drama , and general chaotic , self-indulgent unevenness that plague the movie as a whole .
 I turned this movie off part way through . First of all , it 's not even a movie but a video recording of essentially a stage performance with bad lighting.The idea seemed interesting , but it moves at a strangely hurried pace and the interactions among the characters seem really ... clumsily scripted.The pictures on the front and back of my copy -LRB- different than what is shown here -RRB- depict a landscape and a house - none of which is even part of the show . The entire set it on a flat , white stage.Not worth watching ! Blahhhh !
 As the song from Avenue Q goes , everyone 's a little bit racist , and that definitely applies to Lars Von Trier who takes a convoluted story about a plantation and a well-meaning white woman with her jones on for black dudes and hits America over the head with a sermon about how America should just leave well enough alone . Bryce Dallas Howard plays the white woman who forcibly frees plantation slaves only to discover that all of her well-meaning plans go awry . The plantation slaves are the typical shuck and jive `` massa always knew best '' types that post-Civil Rights Hollywood directors would blush at.Worse than the implicit racism running through the movie , there 's a smug , satisfied narration that makes the whole thing that much more tedious . As with Arthur Miller , Lars Von Trier is one of those directors who thinks that he must tell the audience what to think . And as usual , the audience ends up thinking `` I wonder if there 's anything else to watch . `` Tired , boring , self-satisfied and racist - I suppose it plays well at Cannes .
 This movie would have you believe that the American constitution is based on majority rule . It sets up that straw dog and then demolishes it -- in an attempt to demolish America . America is based on the innate rights of man that no majority has the right to negate . Slavery was an evil , a violation of the Declaration of Independance that destoyed countless lives and was finally resolved by Abe Lincoln in the Civil War . `` A new birth of freedom , '' he said . The greatest president America ever had was able to correct that original evil.This director would have you believe that , because of slavery , nothing can be done , that Afro-Americans are better off enslaved rather than acting on their freedom to better themselves . That such a quality actor as Danny Glover would let himself be used by this director to spew his own hatred of American is extremely sad . Overall , an abomination of a movie and a distortion of history .
 If you value life more than art , please do n't bother with this film . Lars von Trier , operating under Swedish law by which animals may be killed for cinema , had a donkey butchered for a scene in this film . He later cut the scene from the movie because he was afraid of the controversy.I need not say any more . If you disagree with the slaughter of animals for the sake of art , you will know to avoid MANDERLAY . If , on the other hand , you believe it is acceptable to kill animals for movies , go for it .
 Man , this movie freakin ' sucked !! To me it seemed plotless and just plain BORING . I guess I 'm missing something here . Apparently , it is a movie in a series of other likely boring , plotless movies about slavery . What 's with the environment anyway ? Why it like one huge stage ? I know it 's probably supposed to be `` historical , '' but it 's just not my cup of tea . It 's my cup of poison . I 'm far from being a racist , believe me , I just could n't get into this movie AT ALL . It 's not the characters , it 's not the actors , it 's just a slow-paced , slow-moving , boring movie about slavery that did n't make any sense to me . At least , as much as I watched because I found it almost unbearable to watch the whole thing . I guess I hated it because I 'm not following the track that every other reviewer is because they know the stories and all that junk . If you want my opinion , I do n't recommend this junk . The story , the environment , and the pace of the movie all sucked . In fact , I had never even heard of it until I came across it on Netflix . Most of the movies I 'll review from now on will subtlely be from there . It was just too slow and too boring for my taste . If you have n't seen it , I hope this helps . If not , waste time and watch it and praise it just like everyone else . Take my advice and do n't expect much if you do plan on seeing it because I have nothing to spoil .
 The only reason to want to view this nastiness is for America Olivio 's performance . Other than that it 's a total waste of time . She does a genuinely good job playing a gal who will invade a house and use common household items , tools , chemicals , etc. to torture , maim and finally kill the inhabitants . She has genuine quirkiness in her delivery that makes the rest of this inept garbage nearly palatable.This is a torture movie plain and simple . There is no plot . There is no motive . She just does what she does for no apparent reason and dances away down the street at the end . So , you would figure they would put their money on the torture/gore scenes , but they could n't even get that right . My guess is that the budget restricted them from doing a decent job , but even the make-up effects were inept . They got none of this right.This is a Canadian production and it looks as though it was put together by guys right out of film school . Almost all of the actors are within a couple years of age from one another . They probably hired all their friends . The directing , acting , effects were all lousy . The sound mixing was terrible . I was constantly adjusting the volume to either hear better or keep from being blasted out of my seat . The music was OK . I think that means it did n't stick out as being particularly sucky.America Olivio is the only character with any degree of personality . All the rest are pretty much just grist for the mill . Even the one guy you hope might overcome his situation is as `` plain as paper . '' Unless you have an unquenchable thirst for this sort of thing , I 'd take a pass .
 This movie reminds me of the age-old question of whether nothing is still nothing , or whether by virtue of the label given it , the nothing has become something . Truly if Neighbor is anything , it is a whole lot of nothing strung together across a temporal divide of 90 minutes , that director Robert Angelo Masciantonio challenges you , the viewer to navigate without rolling your eyes or having a spasmodic twitch for the remote control to change the channel for something with more depth . As for depth , this movie is one of the few perfectly existential films I 've ever seen . Truly it lives in the moment . None of the characters need bothered to have had names , for they are just nothing -LRB- that word again ! -RRB- more than meat for the protagonist ; in fact , they might as well have been called Meat 1 , Meat 2 , etc. . As for the protagonist , America Olivo at first came across as very interesting . Indeed , I was initially drawn in by her flighty , disjointed and even edgy performance . Sadly , she got bit by that existential bug as well , because at no point is any freaking clue given as to why she does what she does . Disagree if you will , but since she is the character that supposedly propels the story along , there should be some kind of reason moving her . If there is no reason , you have no story , and if there is no story there is no point in watching -- then it really is torture porn , but the torture is on the viewer for the lack of payoff . Oh , that 's the genius of the film ? Then if that 's the case , someone knows a lot about nothing .
 well , basically this film is about a psychotic killer who goes about in a killing spree in the suburbs and basically kills a lot of people in very sadistic ways . i suppose for some people it might not matter why she is this way but for me i just had a hard time in supsending my disbelief when in came to the fact she would go into the peoples ' homes , and use them as if they were her home while taking their time with them . she would drink from their glasses , shower and change her clothes there and was not shown making any attempts at being careful of leaving any evidence behind . basically she was leaving her fingerprints and d.n.a everywhere letting any law enforcing agency know that it was a dark haired female doing the killings.if she did n't care about being caught , ok whatever but i could n't help thinking the fact that she would very soon be caught . that aside , if u ' r fan of gory-torture stuff u may like this film . i think it could have been beeter if they had given the killer more backgorund info , however contrived it might be and if she ... um , would be doing her deeds wearing latex gloves and whatever . anyway , it 's basically a film about a psycopathic killer who is easy on the eyes and likes to kill and torture
 For starters let me say I like blood , gore and violence as much as the next hacker fan , but are we all so bored that we have to watch this kind of trash , what has happened to story lines that make since . So they let us get to know the characters and the psychotic killer bitch a little bit and that 's suppose to make this thing worth watching . The attempt at humor was very weak and no one had any chemistry with one another . Save your money with this one , unless you just get off on watching a chick slaughter people for no reason , -LRB- Plus one baby off camera -RRB- but I guess there are some viewers out there who like this crap or these dumbass movies would n't be made .
 Robert Angelo Masciantonio has created a film here that serious horror fans would call `` polarizing '' by definition , but given how bold `` polarizing '' sounds , I 'm going to go with `` frustrating '' instead . Some are toting this movie as yet another entry in the `` gorno '' genre , but I ca n't disagree more . Hostel was everything that Neighbor was not
 This movie delivered gore and all that but the script is stupid , the acting is bad and the movie was a waste of my time .
 I love horror movies . I can tolerate violence . What I can not stomach is someone trying to make an `` Arty '' film of a horror movie by filling it with mind-numbing gore , no character development , and no plot . I was truly worsened as a human being by wasting 93 minutes of my life viewing what I can only call the WORST film I have ever viewed . I will be contacting WalMart . I thought they objected to movies like this and it would have to bear at least a NC17 rating .
 How on earth could this lump of excrement get over a 2 star rating by anyone outside of the folks involved in the making of this `` movie '' is beyond me.I as a movie watcher enjoy a good torture porn as much as the next horror fan but when the movie makes no since and has the most jumbled up bunch of parts that are just thrown together to make a story it just will not work . If you can make since of this POC I will be very surprised.The acting is over the top bad on all sides and I pray to god I never see the lead actress face again . Take my word for it this is a total waste of your time .
 This straight to dvd movie is about as low budget as it gets . At first I thought one of the supporting characters had killed her off . Then the movie moves ahead like it never happened . Most of the special effects look very fake and cheaply made . They are so fake it ruins the hint of gore I was expecting . The main character actress does a fare job but this about the only redeeming quality in this hole movie .
 Holy smokes , how does stuff like this get greenlit ? I can only imagine people who worked on this terrible waste of film gave it its good reviews because no one with half a brain including gore-loving teenagers could find this thing remotely entertaining.Everything that can be bad about a movie is here - bad acting , bad directing , bad acting - it stinks to high heaven . It 's not even Showgirls bad where it 's so bad you can make fun of it - this guy thinks he 's made a good movie.If you value your time , do not waste it on this garbage . I would n't even recommend getting it bittorrent or borrowing it for free because you will be mad at yourself for wasting time on it . It 's quite possible the worst movie ever made and I 'm pretty tolerant when it comes to a lot of bad movies . Hopefully everyone involved with this production will be banned from movies forever .
 That was evident about the first 20 seconds of the news broadcast that never really mentioned or implied the DESCRIPTION or the SEX of the murderer.And that was about the least apparent of the problems of this movie . Where the film `` HOSTEL '' found a way of veiling horrendous acts in cinematic beauty , `` neighbor '' -LRB- lack of capitalization is purposeful -RRB- takes the grotesque and the ludicrous and disrobes them leaving all before you naked and distasteful -LRB- while in the background one can hear from the makers what may be the equivalent of the snickering belch of an infantile ten year drinking his first beer while reading some 3rd rate pulp graphic novel -RRB- . It would be difficult to tell just what are the worst aspects of this ... er ... production.It could be the acting . The actress portraying the murderess ran the gamut from not being able to feign lunatic concern with a frown to not convincing you of maniacal glee by smiling . Wait - smiling and frowning are really not much of a gamut are they ? Except for one brief decent 45 second acting done by ADULT Tracy Toth in a bit role , it 's truly bad.Or could it be the dialogue ? Spoken prose possibly only inspired by dinner talk at some fraternity named DELTA UPSILON MU . -LRB- One wonders if they left off the BETA in order not to be quite so obvious . -RRB- At one point early in the story three of the characters are walking in an alley . Their conversation is about something they have just experienced : `` I ca n't believe it !?! '' `` That movie was bad ... that movie was just PLAIN BAD!Hey , they could have written this review!Even the gratuitous and unrelated music video thrown in on the DVD by some group with a name akin to `` Pitiful Profit '' , `` Lowered Expectations '' or `` Talent Discount '' -LRB- why advertise the group 's true moniker ? -RRB- might get some votes.Please tell us this was the fifth grade class project of the Woodrow Wilson Progressive School of the Arts , and that producers and actors were wearing lifts in their flip-flops attempting to be adults ... PLEASE !
 You know all of those lists that people make with movies that are so bad they 're good ? Well this movie is n't one of them . NEIGHBOR is one of those movies that tries to ride the coattails of the current popular wave but does n't live up to the rest or even come close to it . This time around the film du jour is torture porn.The story revolves around `` the girl '' -LRB- American Olivo -RRB- and yes , that 's her character 's name . `` The girl '' is a psycho who watches people , goes to their homes and then tortures them to death . Her catch phrase revolves around wanting to see what would happen or if something would work that she 's heard of . For instance would someone really be electrocuted if a hair dryer were dropped into a bathtub full of water they were in ? You get the picture.We move on to a group of friends that at one time were a garage band hoping to make it big . The leader of the group is Dan ... at least I think that 's his name ... I 've tried to wipe so much of this movie from my mind I 'm not sure . Anyway , Dan has a girlfriend he 's hoping to make up with while at the same time eyeing the local barmaid at the hangout this trio of friends frequents . It is there that he is spotted by `` the girl '' . Of course she follows him home and somehow the next thing he finds is himself tied to a chair and `` the girl '' figuring out just what to do with him . How about for starters she digs the claw end of a hammer into his shin and pulls up on it ? That way the special effects guy gets to introduce some nice gore into the film . Not enough ? Then let 's take that drill she was walking around with and drill through his big toe , all on camera.Bit by bit `` the girl '' tortures Dan over and over again with new ways to inflict pain upon him . So much so that he eventually escapes into his own mind , reliving many of the boring , mundane things we witnessed earlier . But then he returns for us to witness more torture.When his friends show up , none of them seem smart enough to take out the single psycho and they too become victims . Eventually even his girlfriend shows to be tortured with a particularly gruesome hacksaw across the mouth scene that will give normal people chills and gore fans orgasms.I just do n't get the whole genre . I love horror films but never felt that these sorts of films fell into that category . I 've considered them more for fans of special effects than of films . I 've thought that the whole idea of horror in a film was taken too literally in these types , focusing on the most disgusting thing possible rather than the subtle type of terror that lasts with you for days and gets into your mind.Perhaps these films are homage to the drive in exploitation classics that featured gruesome gore in the past . But then even those films had a story . These seem made just to get the gore out there as cheaply and easily as possible . If that 's all that matters to you , you 'll love this movie . Otherwise you 're wasting your time.SPOILER ALERTIf you do n't want to waste the time with this movie , here is what happens . `` The girl '' tortures everyone she comes into contact with in the film . Dan was planning a party to celebrate the group and his friends all show at the end of the film and the party begins . All the while , the tortured bodies of the band are in the basement rec room . `` The girl '' walks among the guests and heads out , taking time to talk to a vapid young girl and then moving on , walking down the street to find her next victim . So with the exception of offering a bunch of gore effects , the film is basically pointless . Well until someone comes along and tries to explain the `` artistic merits '' of this film and the social implications offered that are metaphors for the real world . Give me a break .
 Neighbor is a plotless movie that is strictly made to show a series of sadistic and horrifyingly systematic torture and slaughter of helpless victims . The sadist is a young woman , obviously insane but no explanation is given who she is and why she is doing these unflinchingly depicted murders . The unknown actress playing the role has to know this will be her first and last movie role because who in their right mind would ever hire her unless it was the Marquis DeSade.Since there is no real storyline I will cite a few of the ways people are tortured so this will be a warning to whether someone out there would ever want to watch this sickening piece of trash.A young girl has her mouth sawed open leaving her with a lop-sided grin that stretches ear to ear.This same young girl is cut open from the crook of her elbow to her wrist until her blood gushes out faster than an over-flowing bathtub . However the stage blood in this scene is not even convincing stage blood and looks like watered down tomato juice.She really goes to town on this same girls ' boyfriend . She uses a sharp instrument to turn his big toes to mush . This is the nicest thing she does to him . She also punctures his cheek with a dentists ' pick . uses an electric drill to bore through his thigh and de-caps his knee with a pizza cutter . She also inserts a long sharp instrument into the young mans ' penis and although it 's obvious it was a prosthetic the scene is so vivid and squeamish I felt the pain in my own penis.The sadistic young woman also electrocutes , poisons and burns someone alive.This , I hesitate to call it a movie is a gorehounds delight and from the five-star `` plant '' reviewers you would think this is the best movie ever made . It is n't . Not by a long shot . And since there is no reason for the gruesome going-ons -LRB- even Freddy Krueger had a motive in the original `` Nightmare On Elm Street -RRB- , i can not recommend this sadistic piece of trash but it does deliver in the gore department and blows even `` Hostel '' in the torture genre out of the water.I happened to see the R-eated version of this picture and there is an unrated directors cut out there . God help us .
 ... halfway thru the movie i realized it was an attempt to introduce gays into this realife lifestyle called GRAFFITI . . it went way into left field the main character was turned out . !!! he should stop directing movies.advertise this on the back of the dvd or in the product description so next time i dont waste my money ... thank you .
 i like graffitti movies so i bought this , and right off the bat it has tha cheesy graff flick feel , but is put together good almost like BOMB THE System , but this was before that.it tries to show the relationship between graffti art and gang graffitti and the violence between the two , hehhh.but sooner than you think it turns into a an homo-erotic love storie about two juvenille boys , in the streets , its has a preachy vibe and its really a weak plot . sad ending , ive given the director his due for taking on this story like thisbut it think the majority of its target audience wont relate to the homosexual charcters . . get Bomb The System Instead ,
 half way thru the movie the main character starts having sex with other men.nasty . Im into graffii but gay sex ruined the movie for me . I had no idea this was a gay romance movie .
 Sorry heads , this movie ai n't it.Garbage cinematography aside , the mere dialogue in this picture is horrible . I believe the review calls it `` sparse . '' Truth is , George MF 'n Lucas would write a better script to this , and that ai n't no compliment.You want a real good contemporary graff film ? Go check out `` Quality of Life . ''
 I watched this movie the other night and I have to admit , I was expecting so much more from the glowing reviews that were posted here.A young man -LRB- boy -RRB- , spray paints walls with his `` tag '' . He is arrested for vandalism . He is released and continues his `` tagging '' . He meets up with another young man -LRB- boy -RRB- , with whom he strikes up a relationship of sorts.They both go out `` tagging '' walls with their aliases.They share a moment of intimacy.At this stage , it was 40 + minutes into the movie and I could n't take any more of the garbage put forth as `` art '' . The camera work was very much like that of Lars von Trier -LRB- now there 's a director whose movies are worth looking at -RRB- ; the content was exceedingly limited and dare I say `` boring '' . The almost total absence of dialogue did nothing to enhance the quality of the movie.In all honesty , if you really want to watch the movie , hire it from your local video store - do n't waste your money on this guff .
 Nick Swardson is funny in all his different TV and movie parts -LRB- `` Reno 911 '' , `` I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry '' , etc -RRB- but his `` Pretend Time '' show is nothing more than a horrible compilation of not-funny mini-skits . I wont be renting any of his other `` Pretend Time '' episodes .
 With this type of title and watching the preview , I figured this would be full of sex and nudity . Not so . There 's a few topless shots -LRB- very few -RRB- , mostly on tv screens in the background . No real sex stuff . I was very disappointed . Its either dubbed in English or the sound track is way off ...
 In `` La Disparue de Deauville '' -LRB- aka `` Trivial '' -RRB- Christopher Lambert is a Paris City police detective Jacques Renard with suicidal tendencies . A mysterious woman named Lucie -LRB- Sophie Marceau -RRB- shows up before , asking him to `` cross the bridge '' and go to a certain place for her . The detective actually goes to a luxurious hotel , The Hotel Riviera , whose director has been missing for 48 hours . But the real shock awaits him in `` Room 401 '' where he discovers lots of photos of an actress Victoria who was killed in a car accident 36 years ago . And she looks a spitting image of Lucie he just met.Directed and co-written by the star Sophie Marceau , `` La Disparue de Deauville '' has enigmatic femme fatale , a disfigured body , eccentric upper-class family and obsessive detective determined to crack the case - just about everything that would make a great film noir , or crime suspense . The film also contains one car chase sequence . Having said that , I must say they need a better director to put these things together . `` La Disparue de Deauville '' feels like a mystery film without the mystery.I like Sophie Marceau . I know a lot of you may hate me if I give only two stars and say I was disappointed with her second work as director . Still , the film did n't strike me as thrilling enough because of its bland storytelling . Everything is explained by the time the film wraps up the story , but we are not impressed with the denouement as there is no interesting mystery , no suspense or no character for us to relate to in the first place . Things happen before the film is given enough time to build up the tension and atmosphere . Huge disappointment , though the car action scenes are pretty good .
 I didnt completely understand this movie . I had a vague idea of what was happening but ca n't say that I completely understood everything 100 % by the end . That said , one of the best ever mystery films happens to be another French film titled Roman de Gare . Absolutely terrific from start to finish . Many plot twist but written well enough for you to keep up .
 I was so shocked at how this movie started out-truly offensive.I give it 1 star and if I could mark it lower-then I would.That 's all I have to say !
 No wonder they did n't produce any other live action productions of Dr. Seuss books until after his death . This film gave me a headache . The direction and pacing of the film is flat , the musical numbers were unmemorable and boring -LRB- inexplicably nominated for an Oscar ! -RRB- , the acting was wooden , the sets were garish and ugly . At least this film is not the cynical merchandising vehicle that the two most recent screen adaptations of Dr. Seuss works were . I think Dr. Seuss works best in small doses like the short animated TV shows that were made some thirty-odd years ago . Do check out the `` Gerald McBoing-Boing '' cartoon thats included on the disc . It contains more wit and imagination in a few minutes than `` Dr. T '' does in ninety minutes .
 David DeCoteau 's _ Sixth Sense _ ripoff is dull beyond belief . Even the requisite beefcake shots look shoddy.Like many of DeCoteau 's more recent films , _ The Frightening _ was filmed in widescreen and released on DVD in full-frame format . Image cropping is noticeable and sound is just plain bad.Avoid .
 This film was ok for what it is , but not DeCoteau 's best . Not nearly enough boys-in-boxer-briefs scenes ! If you 're looking for a flick in the homo-horror genre , definitely get Voodoo Academy -LRB- the DVD -RRB- ; it 's the best of the lot . Brotherhood 1 and 2 are both okay .
 After 10 minutes , of this wannabee it went to the garbage can . . so no other can suffer the same fate ... which is wastingquality time for a non quality movie .
 This movie gets gory within the first few minutes and continues . I finally had to turn it off because I found it quite stupid . Not worth a -1 !
 On one hand , BF plays out as it likely would in the lives and imaginations of two inept , inarticulate white males going nowhere in their early twenties . They attract inept , inarticulate white females going nowhere in their early twenties , and it does n't go well for any of the parties involved . The film takes its fictions seriously , the plot never strays from where it has to go once the characters are established , and those qualities are admirable.On the other hand , it only takes a minute to suss out that the two male leads are inept , inarticulate , and going nowhere . Which leaves the viewer with no real plot progression , memorable moments or surprises , flamethrowers notwithstanding . You know before they speak that nothing they 'll say will be poignant , stunning , funny , or anything other than a platitude peppered with f-bombs and dudes . And you know whatever conclusions they draw , daydreams they have or actions they take will be dunderheaded , futile , and likely destructive as well.Honestly , I ca n't tell if the writer/director is cleverly commenting on a hipster subculture that 's moved beyond fixies to arsenals , or if this is just something not very far from the reality of an inarticulate , inept new filmmaker who does n't have anything to convey.Stumped gets two stars .
 Convincing puke scenes aside , `` Bellflower '' suffers from the silver screen 's version of -LRB- WORD THAT SOUNDS LIKE ERECK-TILE -RRB- dysfunction . It uses apocalyptic allusions to convey a devil-may-care sensibility , but without fail , it gets its juvenile libido worked into a lather ... and then falters with no payload.And anyway , before you know it , those flamethrower-loving ne'er - do-wells are making crepes and coming up with pet names for their chipmunky gal pals , like something out of a bizarro world created by `` 21 Jump Street 's '' Richard Grieco.Other than introducing a cool new facial-hair idea to the hipster cesspool , this film is akin to the first time you meet a pro wrestler in real life . Sure , it seems scary at first glance ... until you see the sores under all the grease and sweat , the gray , wormy veins lurching around in the sack -- and its inability to sit in an armchair without blood vessels popping like corn kernels.But I digress , for I am constantly thinking of pustules forming on flesh , then bursting forth like bubbles of boiling lava , a never-ending , incomprehensible balletic dance of destruction .
 Having seen this movie I read some reviews on IMdB and here on Amazon . I was truly blown away that anyone could give this garbage a five star rating . The camera work is not inovative or visionary , it 's bad . Make your eyes bleed bad . The acting is worse . I 'm not sure if the cast had a general idea of what was supposed to be going on and just improvised their dialogue , but if not , I hope they all made enough money to pay for acting lessons . The one HUGE continuity gaff of Woodrow trading his car for a motorcycle in one shot and riding off into the sunset , then seen a few shots later driving the car enroute home again , wearing a sweater vest that he had shed some many scenes before , shows just laziness in the editting process . I do n't know why I kept watching except that it was like staring at a circus freak and trying to figure out what was wrong with it and wondering why someone would be so cruel as to put it on display for everyone to ogle and ridicule . I 'm just glad I did n't purchase this crap and I hope you do n't either .
 The ages old question , often faced when judging American Idol or whatever show contestants , is do you vote based upon the contestant 's heart wrenching desire or upon their ability to just get the job done at the level expected.So , when I see some people want so badly to make a film that they go so far as to have each participant perform multiple tasks each -LRB- e.g. be an actor , editor , producer , coffeemaker -RRB- then whom am I to be the ogre and say , `` Sorry , but ... `` OK , the `` but ' part is that although the storyline had a bit of potential , `` but '' had they taken the time to write and rewrite and think and rethink it all through such that they came out with not only a coherent creative product but something that captured the viewers ' attention . That 's the point - right ! Otherwise it is n't an art form without the viewer.And the final tally is ! One vote for a hodgepodge of drinking , partying , brief dumb sex sorta , guys hanging with their car mods and similar boy toys with a bunch of stuff thrown in that made no sense . Two votes for I 'm not an ogre and you could see that they tried . If a bit of objectivity is needed in this vote then I offer my inverse ratio theorem - movies are as good as the inverse ratio of the number of songs and credits `` special thanks '' . So 26 songs and 62 `` special thanks '' equates to about a two rating . By the way , those numbers are midrange . I 've seen much higher numbers .
 I wanted to like this movie . The synopsis on the box makes it sound kind of like an out-of-control mix of post-apocalyptic elements -LRB- sort of -RRB- and David Lynch . However , I found the movie to be incredibly disappointing . It turns out it is just a movie about a relationship between two twenty-something hipsters . The relationship aspect of the film plays out like melodrama involving betrayal and infidelity . So many movies that have come before it have broadcasted the plot points of this film a thousand times over . There are no surprises . The relationship begins , it plays out , aaaannnnd ... done . Having a cool apocalypse car and a flamethrower thrown into the mix do very little to add color to this predictable story . In fairness , the acting is pretty convincing and the dialogue is decent . It 's just the predictability of the story and the broken promises of `` disturbing violence '' and such that really sink it . I guess if you 're clued in on the plot before you watch it , you may appreciate it more . I , for one , feel that the movie 's packaging completely misrepresented it . Hats off , though , to Evan Godell , a clearly innovative and ambitious young filmmaker -LRB- he helped created the gadgets in the movie , built the cameras to shoot it - at least that 's what I heard - and takes a lead role -RRB- . Hopefully , he 'll realize that good writing and acting ca n't overcome the disappointment of a very unoriginal story .
 Cheesy acting and obviously a very low budget film . The trailer made it look a lot better than the film was .
 I 'm glad I saw this stinker on a pay-per-month site and did n't pay top dollar for the early release version . I was n't impressed with the `` pseudo-found-footage '' genre when it first surfaced via films like `` Blair Witch '' , and it does n't seem to have improved much since then . But it is easy to see why this type of filmmaking would appeal to aspiring producers . From the looks of it , this might be the lowest-budget film yet to make the mainstream . They ca n't possibly have wasted much of that budget on a script . The cast is composed of 2 main speaking roles and 4 supporting ones , and almost all of the action takes place in the front seat of a car . I do n't remember seeing any extras . There are no wardrobe changes , nothing you could really call a `` set '' , and very few props.The dialogue is exceptionally repetitive and irritating ; for that reason I found it the most believable aspect of the film . The acting is n't exactly bad , but no one behaves in a manner that can be taken seriously , most notably the police , -LRB- who never seem to respond -RRB- . A captioned epilogue is added to explain what allegedly happened after the camera was -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- dropped , but even that touch of `` realism '' seems forced . The only thing that kept me watching was mild curiosity about the fate of the abducted child . The best I can say about it is that it is n't one of the worst movies I 've ever watched
 While the premise of the movie , itself , was pretty good , the acting was horrible ! Twenty minutes into this , I wanted two things
 Amber Alert is filled with annoying , irrational , loud , squealing characters portrayed by terrible , unbelievable , high-school quality actors as they play out a story line that makes little sense with a problem that could have been solved by anyone in the real world in about two minutes . There is not one redeeming element about this film and everyone involved , from the director to the director 's daughter/sister who plays one of the two main characters and every other person involved should never make a film , again . These people are n't fit for making cheap local furniture store commercials .
 Terrible Movie . Terrible acting.The most emotional excitement I had was wanting to jump throught the screen and beat up the horrible actors . I had thought that maybe it was real from the premise then I saw the horrible acting . Five minutes into the movie I was wondering could I get my money back if I stopped watching it . Nothing made it seem realistic , especially the horrible actors . I could have done better with no training . No true cause and effect . I just wished I had not paid for it . I kept waitng for it to get better or atleast see some true emotion . Silly me for wishing for a good movie . I only watched the complete movie because I had spent 10 dollars on it . Could n't wait for it to end so that I could review it before someone else wasted their money!It could have been a good movie if someone else acted , directed , wrote it , and produced it .
 I really had high hopes for this movie but I was sadly disappointed by the terrible -LRB- and I mean truly terrible -RRB- acting of the leading female character.SPOLIERSBy the end of the movie I was not terribly sorry to see her get shot . It was a relief in comparison to the constant irrational screaming . I felt it was very unrealistic and almost sexist for the female lead to be so insane and annoyingly vocal throughout the film . Perhaps that is what the writers think of women and their reactions to stressful and extreme situations . The story was just OK and the idea was clever but in the end I was very happy to see credits . Waste of money .
 Easily the worst movie I have ever seen . May Summer Bellessa never get offered another role in a movie again . As the lead character , her incessant , irrational screaming and hipster attitude was so annoying that I was actually happy when she was murdered . Do not pay for this film ...
 This was such a great idea ... in theory it could have been a great thriller , even on its minimal budget . Unfortunately the Bellessa family did not spend a penny to hire someone to write a decent script or to hire a decent actress to play Sam . Summer Bellessa has to be one of the worst actresses to disgrace a B film ever . She overacts by screeching and exaggerating every gesture . It got so bad that by minute 22 , my husband left to walk the dogs rather than endure another minute . I have conditioned myself to tolerate some very bad movies , so I stuck with it . It gets better and actually manages to build a little suspension and tension near the end . Thumbs up for the guy who played Nate -LRB- Jasen Wade ? -RRB- he 's actually funny and has some clever lines . Great idea . I 'd love to see someone with some money make a decent movie out of this .
 Terrible movie . Do n't recommend watching it all . . do n't waste your money and do n't waste your time on this movie . Hated it
 I can not believe this video had a five star rating . I feel ripped off.Here 's why : - All the footage appears to have been shot using a home movie camcorder.-They talk about how amazing glaciers sound when they crack ... but you never hear it because the sound quality is so bad . And on top of that there 's super annoying tourists yelling `` whoo hoo ! '' `` Yay ! '' in almost every shot . Gets old fast.-Terrible soundtrack . Generic filler drivel.-Poorly written narration.Watching huge chunks of glacier fall into the ocean IS pretty cool -- but the sound , image , and music quality are so bad that this film was actually painful to watch .
 What happened ?!? The cover says that on Disc 1 Side A , we are to have the piolt and 1st episode . When you put the disc in it tells you that these two are on the revserse side . I flip it over since the others have that feature and there 's nothing . I want a refund .
 The audio and the picture on the DVD are so out of synch that it 's like watching a badly dubbed kung fu movie . Furthermore , the series does not stand up to the test of time . The writers tried to blend camp humor with straight action and ended up doing neither very well . The fact that the network cancelled the series after only one season despite the fact it had the most beautiful woman on televison at the time ought to tell you how bad it was .
 Thank Hera !!!! The gods have finally sent us WONDER WOMAN on dvd . I have been waiting years for this . When I was a young buck the family would go out to dinner but gave it up because Wonder Woman was on Sat night . There were no vcr 's at that point . My very constant concern that any yummy part of the show which might be missed , would throw me in a big freak out mode . Even at 33 years old it still makes me tingle down to my inner core to see the fireball and new outfit . A must have . In fact get 2 copies in case one gets hurt . Lynda Carter would make a gay guy go straight . Ba DA Bing !!!!
 The `` First season '' ? - I do not think so ! . The episodes are mixed chronologically from 1975-1977 . You can tell anyway from the different hair and/or wigs Wonder woman wore every year . She also seemed to get less chubby and leaner towards the later years . Her costume also changed.They obviously put it out too quickly due to fan response.The prints are also put out from medium quality film prints-check out the lines and hairs that appear from time to time.True Wonder Woman fans will be outraged.If the the second season is like this , I will not buy it!Caveat Emptor !! -LRB- Buyer Beware -RRB-
 I 'm acknowledging that there are working DVDs now shipping 6/08That was n't the case back in MaySomeone that thought they knew how to edit Video tried making a DVD.The reason none of them will play is that the files are not named correctly.If you waste the time it takes to transfer the files to your hard drive and rename them you discover that the encoding is substandard with audio jump cuts , pixelization , flaring . `` This item was a not-for-profit project created at The Art Institute of California-Orange County by staff and students . `` The Students should be either be failed or taught how to burn the project to viewable DVDs.The staff who allowed the unfinished project files to get copied to DVD media and sold to an unsuspecting public should be fired .
 I 've ordered this DVD twice from Amazon , and both times , the disc would not work on any of my 4 DVD Players . Are there any copies of this DVD that actually play , or are they all defective ?
 This was a big disappointment and was way below my expectations . I would not recommend it unless you want to throw your money away .
 A complete waste of time , just maddening , not worth six cents . The one positive review posted here is from the guy who made it , and giving it five stars , like it 's CITIZEN KANE or something . I would n't have posted a review except that the unfairness of a guy posting a five-star review of his own movie offends me , and I 'm hoping my one-star review -LRB- I too wish I could give zero or negative stars -RRB- brings the average down to one star where it belongs .
 I 'll start with the Positives :1 . Good DVD cover2 . Nice looking girl interviewer .3 . It includes Ray Harryhausen .4 . Topic is KONG!Negitives :1 . It should state in KONG sized letters `` STUDENT PROJECT `` 2 . Poor Lighting .3 . Male interviewer dressed inappropriately .4 . Price should be $ 0.00 - $ 3.00 .
 I ordered this thinking it was the original 1933 version of King Kong with some extra bonus material to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the film . That was MY fault for not reading the webpage carefully enough . So , first off I was disappointed that the film is not included . After that , however , I tried to warm up to the documentary . The case says `` special MAKING OF FEATURETTE . '' They want you to think they mean the making of the film `` King Kong , '' but it is n't . It is the making of this pretended documentary . I do n't recall the making of featurette even having sound.This DVD does NOT tell you how the 1933 King Kong film was made . The interviews are NOT with people who made the 1933 film `` King Kong . '' On top of that , they do not even ask the questions we would want to ask of the people they DID choose to interview.And , it is a waste of DVD space . While a DVD can hold up to 3 hours of DVD-quality video and sound , this `` documentary '' -LRB- I have NO IDEA after watching it what they are claiming to document , -RRB- is a mere 25 minutes long.As they say in `` The Muppet Movie , '' I 've seen detergents leave a better film . The one star is because the rating system does not allow zero stars or negative stars for having me waste my time and money . Repeating a line from `` Gilligan 's Island , '' this is the sort of film you walk out on - even on a plane .
 This is an el cheapo tribute to Porter . Clips are not always in the best condition . It looks as if none were restored with modern techniques . Biography is skeletal . Narration is boring . Some portions are introduced with intertitles . If you have seen `` the Great train Robbery '' you do not need to see this .
 By far and away , this is the most stupid use of film , a waste of time & $ . Do not purchase or view this film , I was unable to finish it was so bad .
 You 're kidding me with this facockta movie . This is the most tedious , boring , pointless , pretentious movie I 've ever seen.First of all , let 's address all this hype about this movie being `` about life . '' Are you serious ? OK , the protangonist , David Strathairn , is a teacher who witnesses one of his students commit suicide , right in his class . ... Are we told WHY ? No.Then there 's another thread to the script in which a young man is estranged from his father . Are we told WHY he 's estranged from his father ? No . Not a clue.And what does the teacher , David Strathairn , do ? He quits teaching and sells encyclopedias door-to-door -- the encyclopedias he was given by the suicidal student . ... Oh YEEEAH ! Sure ! ... And he sells them not as a `` set '' but volume at a time.Then throughout the movie there 's this guy who does n't say anything -- whereupon in the last few minutes we come to find out that he 's the ghost of the student who blew his brains out . ... And guess what David Strathairn does -- he shoots the ghost ! He shoots the ghost in one of the most tedious scenes ever commited to celluloid.My God , what an incredibly pretentious movie!I do n't say that the movie was photographed poorly ; it was n't . But it 's about absolutely nothing . You ca n't purport to tell a meaningful story and then * not * tell a story . At all!You ca n't purport to make a film `` about life '' and then render the plot , the structure , the dialogue , and the character-interaction ... lifeless.A great deal is made of the various plots in this movie being `` interwoven . '' They 're not ! They do n't relate at all to one another . One dizzy gal asks David Strathairn , the encyclopedia salesman , if she 's sexy . OK , lady , you 're sexy . But what 's the point ? Ok , fine , she 's lonely . Yeah , we get it . But then what ? There has to be some meaning , even if it 's simply impressionist , to her lonliness . But the only impression I get form these characters is that they 're over-socialized , self-centered , and incredibly boring.Yes , there exists in the world a great deal of loneliness , but to make a meaningful movie about loneliness you ca n't simply * refer * to it and then point to yourself and say
 I ONLY watched this movie for Ian Somerhalder and i regret it , no matter how much i love his acting , and his face , i could not handle the boring neverending drone of this film , it was just too much of the same gray uneventful happenings though the final parts were dramatic the climactic build to these parts were dull and a 10 degree sidewalk climbing to a -90 degree drop off . i would never force anyone to watch this movie
 I wanted to like this movie ... really I did . You have a serial killer who wears a chrome skull mask and has giant knives with sharp blades on one side and saw blades on the other . What 's not to love ??? Unfortunately there is much not to love . Here 's a list :1 . The movie looks like it was shot on DV , so there is no film grain or cinematic feel to it . It is a personal preference thing for me , I suppose , but I do n't like movies that have a `` shot-on-video '' look .2 . The lighting was all wrong . The scenes were pretty much all too brightly lit , reducing the scare factor considerably .3 . The dialog was average for this kind of movie . This is not to say that it was good at all , because it was n't . I am comparing it to other very low budget horror movies .4 . The acting was , on average , pretty bad . Kevin Gage was the best actor in the movie and he did a pretty good job , but he did n't have much to work with .5 . The attempt to be `` back-woods hicks '' was very forced and it just did n't make any sense . The dialog was n't natural , nor were the characters .6 . The killer was ill conceived . There was no background of any kind given . The killer did not speak . You did n't see the killer 's face . You did n't have any clue what the killer 's motivations were . At one point , `` Princess '' said `` I know your name ! '' and it was supposed to be some dramatic point . The only problem is that his name did n't matter at all , in any way ... the filmmakers did n't give us ANY background on anyone and only introduced us to , maybe , 12 characters in the whole movie . We know he was none of the ones who did n't wear a chrome mask , so her statement that she knew who he was meant absolutely nothing.Sure , there was a pretty decent amount of violence , and the director made a point to show a good number of dismembered and mutilated corpses , but they were simply a means to an end . The failure to develop the mind or motivations of the killer rendered them simple set pieces.This was an overall failing in the movie . The director failed to make the audience empathize with the characters in the movie because he failed to provide any history on anyone . Well , I take that back ... we learn two things toward the very end of the movie , neither of which make even the slightest difference in any way.Bottom line
 This is a low budget movie not worth your time . The acting is poor . The camera work is jumpy at times , someone was having a difficult time holding the camera still . At times the editing was poor , all of a sudden going from one scene to another . It 's supposed to be a horror movie but was n't the least bit scarey . There was n't any plot , just some guy with a mask going around killing people , usually by sawing their head off with a knife or sticking a knife through some part of their face and then ripping their face off . I assume he chooses this method as it may have something to do with why he wears a mask -LRB- at the end of the movie you see his `` face '' -RRB- but you never find out what happened to him or why . Nothing redeeming about this movie .
 This movie is nothing more than a steaming pile of crap . By far the worst horror movie I have ever seen . It sucks , do n't waste your money !!
 I do n't mind bad horror , I find a lot of it to be quite enjoyable . What I do n't like however is mindless horror . Slasher flicks are not typically known for their strong story lines however it 's nice when they at least attempt to add one in . This movie is nothing more than running and killing with a dash of bad dialogue tossed in . Some of the death scenes were pleasantly graphic but hard to enjoy considering how RIDICULOUS the killer looked with his shiny skull mask and shoulder mounted video camera . I was hoping for more out of this one but sadly it was not much more than a waste of time . Not recommended .
 I believe I am unable to render any opinion about any element of this film because of the script.It 's the script that keeps me from dismissing the actors . Who knows ? Maybe they could 've really done some good work here if they had something to work with . Ditto the director . -LRB- From what I read in other reviews , his debut was LIGHTNING BUG , a film I 'd seen premeired at the Century City Film Festival in 2004 and thought the same thing
 I was surprised to see Lena Headey in this film , though her presence was most welcomed . In fact , the overall acting was pretty darn good , considering that this was definitely a b-movie horror film . Unfortunately , the acting is about the best part of the movie.I 've come to expect certain things from the genre these days , and it is rare that a film comes out that surprises me , or offers something new to the arena . `` Laid to Rest , '' though , does not deliver anything ground-breaking . If you 're looking for innovative , keep searching.This movie is not without it 's strong points , though.-There are no ` cheap thrill scare ' moments , where something just leaps out at you for no apparent reason.-The special effects and makeup , particularly for the gore , are quite well done.-Again , the acting is not forced or shoddy ; good jobs all around , for the most part.-There is a certain claustrophobia that prevails , along with a sense of mystery and intrigue , which is refreshing.Still , the movie does fall prey to the tired and overused mechanisms of the horror genre.-There is no point to some of the violence/bloodshed . No real conflict is established , though there is a great amount of given potential for one.-The directing/acting out of the gorier parts was very shoddy and somewhat embarrassing.-One can only suspend disbelief so much -LRB- a .45 round that enters the body and sits just below the skin ? Twice ??? -RRB- . - The antagonist is not given any real development , and thus , comes off as a rather flatly made character , though stylistically , is somewhat ` cooler ' than other screen villains.-The human body does not excrete copious amounts of slime while the person is still alive ... I hate that effect.All-in-all , if you want to see something new , different , and unexpected , give this one a miss . On the other hand , if you want to see Lena Headey in a horror film , then you 're in luck ! I would give this movie 2.5 stars , if that were an option , but with the choice between 2 and 3 , I have to opt for the former , as this film really did not keep me engrossed for very long . Not a bad movie per se , but just nothing to write home about .
 Laid to rest is a stupid movie . There is really no plot or suspense just some idiot with a skull mask and a video recorder chasing some bad actors around . There are a couple of cool cameo appearances by horror veterans that injected a little life into this mess but not enough to make this a memorable or worthwhile viewing experience .
 Want blood ? plenty of that . Bad acting ? Plentiful -LRB- especially the main actress and old dude that trails her throughout the movie -RRB- . How about a cheesy villain who wears a shiny skull mask and black suit ... its here too ! All pieces are in place for perhaps one the crappiest movies i have seen in some time . Aside from a couple awesome deaths , this dud is def worth passing up ... unless its free
 Laid to Rest -LRB- Robert Hall , 2009 -RRB- If you have n't had enough of Jason Voorhees through the twelve -LRB- at the moment -RRB- Friday the 13th flicks , let me introduce you to Chrome Skull -LRB- Nick Principe , who also played the monster guy in Death Row and Sands of Oblivion , both of which I 've reviewed previously -RRB- , who wears a skull mask made of chrome and goes around killing people . If you need to know anything more about this flick , go watch a random Friday the 13th movie ; there is nothing whatsoever original about what 's on the screen here . Still , it 's watchable if you 've got nothing better around , and it 's amusing in a clunky sort of way -LRB- it 's certainly better than the majority of the Friday the 13th movies -RRB- , so despite being wholly derivative , I ca n't be too hard on it . It did try , at least . *
 because even though the film has prolly the best practical -LRB- read
 The people who inhabit this movie could only exist in a horror film since nothing they say or do has any resemblance to genuine human behavior . You will never forget you are watching a movie as you view LAID TO REST , since even a brain damaged hamster has more sense than these characters . They stand about jabbering while they are aware that the chrome faced killer -LRB- who calls himself Chromeskul - it even says so on his liscence plates -RRB- is in the next room and about to attack them . They find it impossible to call the police -LRB- with one character muttering that he does not have a `` traditional land line '' but he is willing to send the cops an email -RRB- and impossible to get in the car and drive away from the killer -LRB- although they have plenty of access to working cars throughout the length of the film -RRB- . This movie is just awful in every resepct except one
 Laid to Rest is a flashy and gore filled horror film starring the very attractive Bobbi Sue Luther . If you 're a fan of hers then you might enjoy this film more than the average horror fan . Other than that you might be turned off by the music video style editing and the nonsensical plot . I some scenes it felt as if I might need a seat belt because of the camera movement . I hope to see Bobbi Sue and her new look in more films . She has what it takes to be a horror star . I just wished that she would find a better film to showcase her talents in . The extras are nice but at times they can be very self indulgent .
 I made a mistake by not reading enough about the `` Laid to Rest '' DVD before I made the decision to review it . If I had read the DVD jacket on the product information page I would have not picked this DVD to review . `` Laid to Rest '' was not a movie I would have watched in its entirety but I felt compelled to write a review shortly after the beginning of the film because I felt some obligation to the Vine Program and to the potential buyers and viewers of this DVD . I also wanted to warn those with children to make sure they do not have access to this DVD . The nature of this film and its content has caused me to be far from objective and rather curt in its review.I do not understand the state of mind of those who were involved with the production of `` Laid to Rest '' . While I did detect elements of a plot and story , they were totally overwhelmed by the disgusting blood and gore so graphically displayed in the film . After watching it , I regretted having viewed the depiction of human cruelty displayed by this `` work of art '' . What bothers me most about the film is that it was not just the result of the efforts of one deranged producer . It was really the product of many people who worked hard to produce such special effects reflecting levels of cruelty beyond my imagination . That there is a potential market of sufficient size to make a film like this economically feasible gives me reason to question the direction of our society.While the producers of `` Laid to Rest '' had the freedom to make this film , I would hope that the freedom not to buy or view this film is exercised to a far greater degree .
 This production crew , like many who do n't really have a unique story , rely on the time-worn crutch of a girl in a remote rural area being chased by a serial killer who in the process kills practically everyone else but his intended victim . The editing between scenes was a mess and the use of the two old standbys of horror - darkness and blood were used to the point of ridiculousness . Adding a bit of techie tools to our killer like a camcorder and metal mask was just not believable . Most of the movie is filmed in cars driving nowhere with the usual low on gas routine and cell land phones that just do n't seem to work when they 're suppose to - boring .
 I know the job of advertisers is to promise a great product to make everyone rush out to buy it , and unfortunatly I fell for it hook , line and sinker . A few of the death scenes where new and creative , but overall the movie was just not good . Save your money , this movie will probably be on the Sci-Fi channel shortly , along with the cheesy 8 films to die for .
 It 's hard to believe that it 's been 13 years since 1996 's `` That Thing You Do ! '' starring Tom Hanks , Liv Tyler and Johnathon Schaech , whose career certainly has not gone in the direction I would 've predicted for him back then . Somehow he 's ended up doing slasher films like this one -- and if you 're buying `` Laid to Rest '' to see him , you will be greatly disappointed . He 's not bad in his role -- and he can do a decent Southern accent -- but the actor 's only onscreen for all of 3 minutes . I wo n't give away what happens to his character , but since this is a `` slasher shocker '' , well , do n't think too hard trying to figure it out . It just made me sad to see Schaech , who still looks mighty fine , in a movie like this.I confess I 'm not a slasher film fan . I do like the original `` Halloween '' with former scream queen Jamie Lee Curtis as well as her other scary flicks from back then . But since I have n't watched any current slasher movies , I thought I would check out `` Laid to Rest '' , which is described as having `` the most inventive death scenes in years '' . And this is true . There 's a heckuva lot of bloody , gory violence going on this film -- enough to turn anyone 's stomach . So if that 's what you 're interested in seeing , then this flick 's definitely for you.As for the story of `` Laid to Rest '' , it 's somewhat intriguing with a young girl waking up inside a casket with a head injury and no memory of her identity . And for some mysterious reason , there 's a crazy killer after her , and , of course , she 's in an isolated rural area . If this film does n't make you want to move to a safe big city , I do n't know what will . But I have no desire to spend a weekend in the country after watching this movie , which is somewhat predictable . Our heroine and a few friends move to a new location , where someone gets killed , then they go to another place . More blood and gore and it continues on in this vicious cycle.I 'm giving `` Laid to Rest '' two stars because of two reasons . First , I really liked actor Kevin Gage as Tucker , who befriends the young girl . He 's a good actor who gives a much better performance than I would ever expect to find in such a film . And , second , there is a certain sick and twisted fascination in seeing what horrible situation will happen next and who will survive until the very end . That 's the whole point of slasher flicks -- I think . And `` Laid to Rest '' does this well enough . Is it as good as the original `` Halloween '' ? Hell no . But if you 're looking for a mindless 90 minutes of graphic carnage with some decent gory special effects , maybe you 'll get a kick out of `` Laid to Rest '' .
 Laid to Rest is a movie about terror and gore . From the start , performances lack in depth , the story lacks in coherence and the plot is too bloody for our taste.The opening scene brings a woman inside a coffin , pounding her way to try to open it and get out . Bobbi Sue Luther plays the role of an amnesiac who finds herself followed by a killer who wants to record all he does , so he carries a video camera strapped on his shoulder.The story line exasperates us as she calls the police for help and when she was only 20 seconds away from being detected as to her location , she walks so far away from the wall that she disconnects the phone ... talk about getting us upset as to her lack of intelligence.Kevin Gage and Lena Headey play the roles of a couple that take this unfortunate soul in , only to get involved and have the killer after them.The horror and gore effects are awful , the circumstances hard to believe . If you like movies filled with bloody kills , this movie is for you , but we did not enjoy or appreciate this film .
 Being buried alive would suck . However , escaping premature burial only to discover that someone wants to chop you up into itty bitty pieces would suck even more . That 's the gist of Robert Hall 's Laid to Rest an ultra-violent exercise in stupidity that exudes incompetence every step of the way.Alright , so there 's this `` Girl '' -LRB- Bobbi Sue Luther -RRB- , and she wakes up in a coffin with no memory of who she is or how she ended up in a coffin . The only problem is that there 's also this chrome-faced lunatic with a camera on his shoulder who wants to kill her . Usually I would devote another sentence to summarizing the film , but that 's really all you need to know.Actually , you also need to know that Laid to Rest expects you to suspend your disbelief more than most slashers of its ilk . Take for example our plucky hero , who probably landed the lead role because she bankrolled the picture -LRB- Luther has an Executive Producer credit on the film -RRB- . Director Hall expects you to believe that `` The Girl '' lost , along with all the memories of her identity , the ability to understand how phones work . Marvel as she pulls a phone cord out of its socket then continues to talk into the receiver like an idiot . Also , gaze in awe as a masked psycho who ca n't be killed by bullets gets taken out by medical-grade skin adhesive.The killer 's gimmick is that he wears a DV camcorder on his shoulder , which he uses to record all of his exploits . You 'd expect the director to use this motif to create a `` snuff film '' effect , but you 'd be wrong . Not once do we see a murder take place through the lens of the killer 's camcorder . Why even bother including the plot device?The music is also godawful , and I know exactly who to blame thanks to a shout-out in the opening credits . I wo n't even get into the irony of trying to break a band that sounds exactly like Disturbed , Godsmack , or one of the myriad cookie-cutter faux-metal acts on Clear Channel radio.The film 's only bright spot is Lena Headey , who probably logged her ten minutes in this film as a favor to a friend of a friend . There 's absolutely no reason for an A-list actress to star alongside this rogue 's gallery of no-name `` talent . `` It 's tough being a horror fan these days . Most recent releases cater to the lowest common denominator - the kind of beer-swilling retard who claps his hand together like a seal and points at the movie screen , shouting , `` Look ! The killer just cut that dude 's head off , and his tongue 's still there ! '' That 's not horror , folks - that 's gore - and if you ca n't tell the difference , well , Robert Hall just made a groundbreaking movie for you .
 While this appears to have been filmed on a low budget , it still somehow manages to have some familiar faces . I was excited about The Sarah Connor Chronicles connection , although that was tempered pretty quickly . The movie is n't all that exciting , and it does n't set the right mood to make up for its shortcomings . I 'd avoid this one .
 Director Robert Hall -LRB- LIGHTNING BUG -RRB- , brings you this piece of carnage , LAID TO REST . The set up is a young woman , -LRB- Bobbi Sue Luther -RRB- , who plays the anonymous ` Girl ' . She wakes up to find herself in a casket , not knowing who she is or where she is . She is obviously frightened and searches for a way out . She finds a phone and calls 911 , which immediately connects her to the local police . When Girl could not provide information for her location , they tell her to hold on so they could trace the call . But she is captivated by something and walks towards it . Meanwhile holding the phone and , stretching further than the cords limits , ends up yanking the phone out of its socket . Fortunately for her she is unaware and never realizes the full potential of this misstep . Although the audience is firmly made aware of this , the story never makes any use of it and the character never responds to the matter either , so there was little reason for it to happen . She then sees someone through a door window . He is the funeral home caretaker who is getting his keys to open the door . The killer is behind him and kills him from behind . Soon , she escapes by squeezing through the victim and the killer to the outside world.And thats the set up on this one . There is a killer on the loose who is after the Girl and we are left in the dark about who he is . The film , sadly , never lets us in who anyone is , what their motivations are or why they are being stalked or why they are stalking . The film just wants to be a blood bath without justification . Which is fine on its own merits , but , if that were the case , there is not any style or substance to speak of.One of the major problems I had with the film was the editing . It was way too fast and even the simplest dialogue scenes had about 6 edit cuts which made me think these actors are worse than what you are seeing . There is a difference between editing to cover a mistake , and editing for style , and you can tell the difference . There was no finesse or planning in the edits , but they seemed to be cover-ups . And with so many edits throughout the movie , it had no flow , no pacing or rhythm and no real rest spots . There is probably one good shot I can comment on which was important that they gave you about 2 minutes to relax . It was a long shot from the top of the roof down to one of the characters on the ground and a car pulls up shortly after . Well done . Everything else was hurried.Now , the killer in this movie is known as Chrome Skull . Not one that will go down in the books next to Jason or Michael . He is chasing The Girl with his super-duper sharp knife which , he must have bought off the Home Shopping Network because this thing can slice through anything ! In fact , it can slice skulls in half by a quick flick of the wrist . I dont think Ginsu ever made a knife this sharp.The characters in the film are all weak and moronic . No one has any backbone . No one has any good or memorable lines . They just read through them with strained emotions that is painful to watch . Terrible ! In addition , film does try to clue us in on the characters . We get a glimpse into the Girl 's past and we get tidbits of info on who the killer is . None of this adds up to anything , so what we are left with is a pair who probably belong together more than the film is willing to show us . The killer does not kill her -LRB- hah , no pun there -RRB- . The kill wants her to live , but we dont know why . We think the Girl wants to find out who she is , but she does not . Well , when she does , it tells us nothing about her relationship to the killer . So its all pointless as to why we need to know who they are . Ultimately , all of the acting is terrible and with poorly developed characters , there is little for the actors to work with.There is tons of gore in this film , even if its not very good gore , its still there . At least they used real special effects and not CGI . But again , the editing makes the gore look bad and obvious . It was as if they person is fine one second , and then next second they have a slash the size of Texas across their chest . So , some of the logical leaps in frames need work . Although there is lots of gore , there is no nudity . It could have used some , but I suppose if I were the girl , and I read this script , I would save that honor for a more deserving film . But if I were the director , I would want someone to get naked to give this film some redemption.Despite all of the atrociousness that makes this film one of the worst films I have seen this year , it could have been pulled off if it included one quality
 I have to think that only the most depraved minds would invent this movie or watch it intentionally . Several throats get cut on screen , a guy 's face gets sliced off in front of his girlfriend , one head gets cut off , another gets impaled with a pick axe , another guy 's head is blown off with his own shotgun , another head is blown up with Fix-A-Flat . For a grand finale , a face gets torn off -LRB- in graphic detail -RRB- and a head bashed in with a baseball bat.Sound like a good time ? Did n't think so . Truly a disgusting movie . What 's wrong with people these days ? Anyway , just had to get that off my chest . Do n't get me wrong , I like a certain amount of horror -LRB- good zombie movies can be fun , or the Nightmare on Elm Street series -RRB- . But it seems like there are certain lines of `` good taste '' and/or realism that just should n't be crossed . I think Laid to Rest crosses most all of them.That said , if you want to know more generally about the movie , it 's a not-so-pretty horror/slasher flick . More or less a guy in a form-fitting metal mask goes around hacking people up in extremely graphic ways . He seems to be hunting down one girl `` who got away '' in particular . Only problem is , she apparently does n't remember who she is or how she got to be where she 's at . Unfortunately , we really do n't learn much about her except a short snippet from one of the videos tapes the killer likes making.We also learn approximately nothing about the killer himself . Who he is , why he kills , what his stake in all this is other than that he apparently likes terrorizing and then killing people in varied gruesome ways . He has no backstory.We also learn little about the various random characters thrown under the bus -LRB- so-to-speak -RRB- except that they 're morons who could n't find their way out of a paper sack to save their lives . All they seem to do is run , scream , fall over , sit down , cry , faint and/or die . The one guy with a shotgun pointed at the killer , well , I guess we already know what happens to him ... I mean , are these people just brain-dead , or what?As far as features go , it offers commentary , some standard `` making-of '' fare , deleted scenes and bloopers . Can the extra make up for the horrid movie ? I 'd tend to say no.Does the movie push the envelope at all ? Only in ratcheting up the amount of gore possible on screen in a given movie . Otherwise , the guy-in-a-mask slasher genre has been `` done to death '' more-or-less and this adds little more than an extra bucket of blood in the ocean.I do n't think I 'll be recommending this to , well , ANYone ...
 If it was elegant , and the 60s/70s were eras of staggering cultural charm , it would be an elegant period piece . As it is , it 's almost watchable if your cat does n't do something more distracting than rolling on its back with its feet in the air . There were hopes for nudity , but alas , vaporized like a butterfly in a laser beam . My advice would be that you would get more out of the rental price by putting it under your pillow and sleeping on it .
 I purchased this item for educational purposes , but the truth is , I am only going to show my class a 2-minute snippit of the program as it is incredibly boring . Although it was recently produced , its aesthetic dates back to the 80 's . While I 'm sure the program has a lot of information , its delivery is far from creative or appealing .
 Granted , I am a graduate student in theatre and film , but this video is absolutely deplorable . Save for a few choice interviews from the current Dean of the Moscow Art Theatre and Jean Bennedetti , a leading Stanislavski scholar , this video is nothing more than roving powerpoint images overlaid with bad background music and the most boring lecture on Stanislavski 's life that I have ever heard . This project could have LITERALLY been done by any undergraduate film student , and probably done better . Save your money , go to the library , and rent a few books/movies on the subject . I was sorely disappointed .
 Waste of film and time ! Would not recommend this video The Raid . If you are a total gamer it sucks .
 I 'm acknowledging that there are working DVDs now shipping 6/08That was n't the case back in MaySomeone that thought they knew how to edit Video tried making a DVD.The reason none of them will play is that the files are not named correctly.If you waste the time it takes to transfer the files to your hard drive and rename them you discover that the encoding is substandard with audio jump cuts , pixelization , flaring . `` This item was a not-for-profit project created at The Art Institute of California-Orange County by staff and students . `` The Students should be either be failed or taught how to burn the project to viewable DVDs.The staff who allowed the unfinished project files to get copied to DVD media and sold to an unsuspecting public should be fired .
 I 've ordered this DVD twice from Amazon , and both times , the disc would not work on any of my 4 DVD Players . Are there any copies of this DVD that actually play , or are they all defective ?
 This was a big disappointment and was way below my expectations . I would not recommend it unless you want to throw your money away .
 A complete waste of time , just maddening , not worth six cents . The one positive review posted here is from the guy who made it , and giving it five stars , like it 's CITIZEN KANE or something . I would n't have posted a review except that the unfairness of a guy posting a five-star review of his own movie offends me , and I 'm hoping my one-star review -LRB- I too wish I could give zero or negative stars -RRB- brings the average down to one star where it belongs .
 I 'll start with the Positives :1 . Good DVD cover2 . Nice looking girl interviewer .3 . It includes Ray Harryhausen .4 . Topic is KONG!Negitives :1 . It should state in KONG sized letters `` STUDENT PROJECT `` 2 . Poor Lighting .3 . Male interviewer dressed inappropriately .4 . Price should be $ 0.00 - $ 3.00 .
 I ordered this thinking it was the original 1933 version of King Kong with some extra bonus material to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the film . That was MY fault for not reading the webpage carefully enough . So , first off I was disappointed that the film is not included . After that , however , I tried to warm up to the documentary . The case says `` special MAKING OF FEATURETTE . '' They want you to think they mean the making of the film `` King Kong , '' but it is n't . It is the making of this pretended documentary . I do n't recall the making of featurette even having sound.This DVD does NOT tell you how the 1933 King Kong film was made . The interviews are NOT with people who made the 1933 film `` King Kong . '' On top of that , they do not even ask the questions we would want to ask of the people they DID choose to interview.And , it is a waste of DVD space . While a DVD can hold up to 3 hours of DVD-quality video and sound , this `` documentary '' -LRB- I have NO IDEA after watching it what they are claiming to document , -RRB- is a mere 25 minutes long.As they say in `` The Muppet Movie , '' I 've seen detergents leave a better film . The one star is because the rating system does not allow zero stars or negative stars for having me waste my time and money . Repeating a line from `` Gilligan 's Island , '' this is the sort of film you walk out on - even on a plane .
 How can a movie starring Donald Sutherland and Ben Kingsley be bad ? I wish this was a rhetorical question . Portions of this movie have a professional feel , and some of the acting , typically the minor roles , is good . However , the preposterous plot , the clich&eacute;d script , the bad B movie caricatures that pass for characters , and the painfully unbelievable performances of those two actors , especially Sutherland , make for a dismal viewing experience . As another reviewer has noted , the movie reeks of low budget . Nowhere is this more evident than the training sequences which employ what look like white-clad storm troopers straight out of Star Wars.If you 're from Montreal , you 'll enjoy seeing it stand in for both Vienna and itself . Look out for Notre-Dame Cathedral , the University of Montreal and , I think , the castle-like building on the reservoir at the top of Peel .
 This is a predictable spy-espionage movie . I bought this movie and was fairly disappointed because I 'm a Ben Kingsley fan . Acting is mediocre and you can tell that this is budget-constrained movie .
 There is nothing spectacular about this film . Adian Quinn and Ben Kingsley have acted decently , but overall , the film fails to deliver . Aidan Quinn 's training scenes , which take up most of the movie , are pretty lame . Ben Kingsley dies unnecessarily and Donald Sutherland 's acting is awful , at best . The plot could have been utilised more fruitfully and in the end , one is filled with huge disappointment for having wasted it .
 a very boring `` comedy . '' no jokes , not funny , slow , tedious , incomprehensible plot , yet when comprehensible , an idiotic plot . the only bright spot is of course , MM . in it you will hear her real , natural voice , which i found interesting . yet you can hear her real voice in other early works other than this mundane movie .
 Unfortunately this title has never arrived from Weeping Willow Books . I did send a request to Weeping Willow . I am waiting for either a reply or the above mentioned title . To say the very least I am very disappointed with the servide .
 The main protagonist of this movie -LRB- Hurt -RRB- is so extremely selfish that it is impossible to root for him ; thus , at the end , in the semi-famous climax scene which inspired nothing less than the ending of the infamous `` Aha '' video
 I do n't want to bash this film , but honestly , if i knew what it was before renting it i would n't have gotten it . It was a waist of time and money . I almost turned it off 3/4 of the way through.In viewing it , i thought to myself that was made buy a group of people that used a little too much LSD in the 70 's . If you 're a `` true '' , `` hardcore '' Sci-Fi fan , you may appreciate this work , but for me there is no logic or even a remote sense of linked reality . It 's a film you probably either love or hate .
 This is the most embarassing thing I have ever seen.Notice that when Doctor Jessup emerges from the box for the first time , having regressed to apehood and come back , he 's wearing the Mexican tribal makeup . Ha ! Ha ! Is n't that whimsical?Or , for example , that there is a YING YANG painted on the wall during the ancient tribal rites in Mexico.God . This movie had so many mistaken assumptions , and those two are just some of the examples . It is relatively easy to forgive a movie about `` what it means to be human '' for being over-earnest , or even for being light on facts . But I seriously ca n't deal with how reductive and racist a view of humanity this director takes : Look , it 's a person with a different ethnic origin . They 're an older prototype of the one real race , the white one . Noble savages are so pure , are n't they ? Oh , look , there 's a woman in the movie too . She does n't really understand god , she has kids so she busy with that . 19th Centry eugenics meets foul , foul cheesy false mysticism . Take your pick , this movie has it all .
 A movie from 1980 directed by the `` rogue '' director , Ken Russell -- he did `` Women in Love '' and `` Gothic , '' for example . Rogue director or not , ALTERED STATES is just plain ridiculous and drab . When Hurt regresses to his simian self , the effect is highly laughable . While this has been critically acclaimed for its bold view of the evolutionary process , seeing it now 20 years later only solidifies its basic ineptitude . William Hurt tries to be the impassioned inquisitive scientist , but when he says that eating a goat 's blood has been the highest point in his life , I almost choked on my M&M 's . Poor Blair Brown managed to look lovely even after all her traumatic experiences , and both Bob Balaban and Charles Haid 's constant whining and overriding dialogue became truly annoying . While the special effects were commendable in this pre-CGI movie , they only served to add to the psychedelia , and the movie 's goal of seeing us start from some kind of cosmic whatever ? just did n't interest me at all . Overblown and overrated .
 As along time fan of Paddy Chayefsky , I found `` Altered States '' , his first novel , terribly disappointing . The film was , in my view , utterly dismal . The only reason I would recommend it , would be as an example of `` hack movie making '' . If it were the only criteria to judge the talent of either Chayefsky or Russell , both would be relegated to obscurity .
 I saw this film on TV several years ago , and started watching it because William Hurt is one of my favorite actors . I got as far as the monkey man scene and turned it off , it was so ridiculous and just plain bad . I can probably count on one hand the number of movies I have not watched all the way through -LRB- I even suffer through the bad and boring ones -RRB- . I could n't take another minute of this one , however .
 Amanita muscaria generally grows in rainy areas under coniferous trees . It has historically been used by North Americans , European , Siberian peoples , -LRB- not those of central and south america who have other forms of psychedelic plants , ie ayahuasca , psilocybin mushroom , saliva divinorum , etc -RRB- . Even if it were plausible that these were amanita mushrooms , do you think that this type of trip would have been likely ... losing consciousness ... to the point that you dont remember what happened during the trip ? I dont think so ... only someone utterly ignorant of the effects of psychedelics would posit such a thing.So , that part is not realistic at all . Neither is the sensory deprivation tank -LRB- I have also used these types of tanks -RRB- . The idea is complete sensory deprivation ... Not speaking with someone while engaged in the experience !
 This movie was boring as all get out !!!! The Muppets Show have better special effects ! William hurt should be forced to watch this film over and over again until he wets himself and promises never to do it again !!!!!!
 I 'd happily soak up endless gallons of SWAK with my tongue , rather than watch this festering pile of crappola ever again !!!
 I thought this was going to be a movie about spiritual psychedelic experiences in a sensory deprivation tank ... instead it was a sci-fi de-evolution horror movie ...
 ... and no one will get hurt.How anyone gives Ken Russell the money to make a film is beyond me . I guess stranger things do happen in the world of film beyond Hollywood . Altered States is silly , dumb tat masquerading as metaphysical cinematic art . `` Lair of the White Worm '' at least had more entertaining camp .
 The synopsis on the jacket was promising
 This is a fantastic movie , but I have a problem with the aspect ratio . Instead of maintaining the advertised 1.85:1 ratio on a 1.78:1 HDTV screen by matting it -LRB- the black bars on the top and bottom -RRB- , it stretches the movie to fill the screen . I suppose most people do n't notice this , which is why the studio thought it was okay , but I 'm sensitive to this kind of thing . Everyone 's head looks too long ! So this is basically a warning to those like me who want the correct aspect ratio . Hopefully they 'll put it on blu-ray before long and fix the problem .
 This is one of the most senseless pieces of junk I have ever watched ! Someone was trying to hard to make a movie to get some attention from the media and felled ! The movie looks really retro the effects look like grade school absurbity ! There is n't a plot just a fool that does n't know when to stop tampering with his health and the laws of nature . This movie is so ridiculious it gave me a headache and I had to lay down . Watch this at your own risk ... its just something thrown together and not very well done or thought out in my opinion ! And of coarse there is always the supportive wife that does n't know how to just run ! This guy turns into a monkey and then he still does n't stop . So he turns into a big blob looking thing with one arm . . trust me this is just awful ! Then check this out ! After he turns to this Jabba looking thing he touches his wife and she turns to some Lava image looking thing . Then she jerks around into a seisure until he snaps out of his state and he touches her and she is back to normal ? Then the whole showing them for 5 mins turn to sand out in the desert was Preposterious ! And the monkey was n't him nor was it a monkey , it was a totally different actor and it looked -LSB- contrived -RSB- ! It looked like a man with hair all over his body and he was of Afro American decent and Willian Hurt is caucasian ? Please people that is a bit much I could take or believe ! I watch alot of phycological thrillers and this is just not very good ... This is just plain awful -LSB- -RSB- If you want to see something that is better done than this and makes a bit more sense but similiar see `` The Cell `` Arish
 did n't seem anything like the movie I saw almost 30 years ago . It was terrible . Very , very , very very disappointing . Had to add 5 more words , as instructed .
 this review is for the `` new '' 2010 release . well , actually that 's a lie . there is absolutely nothing `` new '' about this release , except the cover art . this is the exact same print as the release from 2004 , which in fact was made in 1998 . the VOB files on both disks are `` exactly '' the same . they even have the same creation dates 11/9/1998 . the only difference is that this `` new '' release does n't have the pan and scan version on the other side of the disk . nice of warner brothers to completely mislead it 's customers by using `` new '' artwork to re-sell the same 12 year old print of a movie that has yet to go OOP . the only explanation i can come up with is that this is a deliberate and `` intentional scam '' by WB to rip off it 's customers . classy move WB , enjoy the money i wasted on this print . movie
 Whats with all the dark blue tints ? the picture is so dark you can hardly see the picture . i have the first dvd of the movie when it first came out a couple of years ago widescreen/pan and scan and that picture is like when i saw it years ago . so much better also i noticed that the pan an scan seems to show more picture in widescreen some parts are cut out of the frame if you have this dvd compare the differences a Good place is the bathroom when arthur is getting ice out the bath tub you see more of the bathtub and sink . the first dvd of misery does the same thing . but dont buy this blue ray it sucks try to find the old dvd instead .
 Rhea Perlman , a short white woman , is going to teach basketball to her towering Black high school students . And even though she knows nothing about hasketball she can still turn them into winners because she 's White and sensitive and wants to be their `` sistah . '' Gag me . This whole movie is completely insulting to people of all races . The director seems so sure he can sell a hip-hop basketball movie this bad to `` those people '' that he does n't even bother to hide his apparent distaste for them . Avoid at all costs !
 Fredro Starr is a good actor.in fact what ever happened to the group Onyx ? but this film is cliched and Predictable.Rhea Perlman looks out of place.this is a 2nd tier Above The Rim .
 This `` film '' is an embarrassment to everyone associated with it . It 's astounding that the Director was allowed to cram so much racial stereotyping into one picture . He frames the scenes so poorly , though , that even these disturbing undertones are lost in the muddle . Rhea Perlman tries hard , but ca n't rise above the squalid production values .
 well since the start it was a force of those that never said no to know but whos to no when all is no ?
 The film seems to focus on 70 's punk exclusively . Anything post-1980 is glossed over , clumped together and generally viewed with dissapointment by this `` documentary '' . I think the film does well documenting the roots of punk , seeing as how Letts was steeped in the scene at that time -LRB- although The Misfits were n't mentioned , which I found odd -RRB- . The interviews with Henry Rollins and Jello Biafra were great as well . However , in order to claim to be a documentary , the evolution of punk rock is just as integral -LRB- perhaps more so -RRB- as its origins . I think , basically , Letts based the film on his own opinions , likes and dislikes instead of actually documenting punk . I was disapointed .
 When a documentary includes commentary from such key artists as Henry Rollins , Jello Biafra and Tommy Ramone , an interesting and rich story of punk music is to be expected . Punk
 When you try to say too much you run the risk of saying nothing at all , or in an even worse case , you jump to conclusions that make no sense . Punk
 I guess the hard copy of this comes with a nice booklet , which they keep telling you to reference in the video . You do n't get that w / the digital version . The video is less than 30 minutes long and impossible for me to follow w/o the booklet . Maybe if you are more advanced you can follow it , but it is a beginner program . Worthless . Why would they make this an instant video ?
 It has an expensive and competent cast , but the movie has virtually no humor , only idiotic stereotyped characters -LRB- or our lead , Paul Dano , who remains an unlikeable cipher throughout -RRB- , and no real point or plot . The only breath of fresh air is John C. Reilly , who actually is funny for the few minutes he 's allowed . This is a waste of Kevin Kline 's time . Do n't let it be that for you .
 Even though Kevin Kline has his moments in this movie , it is not anywhere near enough to sit through and be tortured for its duration - Not a comedy at all - Pathetic portrait of various characters - All trying to adjust with varying circumstances and personal issues - None of which have been graced with intelligence - Even the wealthy characters are abundantly pathetic - The trailer is the best past of The Extra Man - Watch that for free - At least , the trailer is funny , fast-paced and interesting - Which the movie is not - Do n't be led to think this movie is a light-hearted comedy - It is not ! With the exception of a few scenes , and I mean , very few , the movie is quite depressing and disturbing - In short , a great disappointment !
 If you enjoy watching people be odd just for the sake of it - then you might enjoy this , otherwise keep looking for another movie to watch.Good cast - worthless story.Kline plays a prudish bachelor of almost no income , living in a total dump and having fleas - yet he acts like someone with money and sucks up to a wealthy old lady to be included in upper society occasionally . Paul Dano plays an extremely timid loser who rents a cot in Kline 's crappy residence . He experiments with cross dressing and has a little crush on Katie Holmes -LRB- which goes nowhere -RRB- . John C Reilly plays a nice but wild and intimidating looking man with a cartoon character type voice . There really is n't any plot to this story - or any story to this story . Just some odd characters who really are n't interesting at all - especially Dano .
 After watching the movie , and in light of reading the ESPN article about Joe Cook and baseball in Cambodia -LSB- ... -RSB- , I find that the film is mostly trying to cover up for all the negative things that Joe Cook is doing . -LRB- Read the ESPN article if you want to know what I 'm referring to -RRB- . But before I get into that I 'll write a brief review of the movie . I think it lacked a central voice and a central story . It started with a narration from the director , which led me to believe that it was going to be told from his point of view . Then it switched gears into talking about Joe Cook , baseball in Cambodia , stories of some of the players , and then back to Joe Cook 's despotic authority over the team and its operations . I 'm not sure where the film was heading . It seem fragmented.As for the story of Joe Cook and his unscrupulous acts , I was tipped off by a film maker I met who was working on the film with Daron Ker . He had some footage that was shot but was never released . Let 's just say the story of Joe Cook bring baseball to Cambodia is great , but it goes much much deeper than that . Joe Cook uses his position as a Cambodian American from America to pose as a big shot in the town of Baribo and does whatever he wants . The villagers do n't know that he practically begs and steals to provide the basics for the baseball team , but as the ESPN articles points out , the team should have a lot more than what Joe Cook has taken in . He enjoys the power he wields in the village . Why else would he absolutely ignore the advice of MLB Asia and a Cambodian tycoon who wants to put baseball in Cambodia in a big city to attract better players and competition . He does n't want to get exposed .
 i appreciate the cook but I did n't like the way he handled the situation . i think the documentary was premature . Baseball is a generational sport . It should be looked at as a long term improvement not an over night sensation . Overall I am disappointed . I walked away offended and insulted . I am Cambodian and I felt shameful to have watch this with my family and friends . Please do our people the favor and show how the players enjoy the game instead of the coaches and cook bad talking each other . This documentary should be a team improvement but it was more like one man 's perspective on how he `` FELT '' he was wronged and how he should make it right . Anyhow I think the cook jump the gun and made a mess . This documentary should have never been made in this way .
 I enjoy Tom Selleck and his easy going style of acting and I have enjoyed and own all of the Jesse Stone movies . This movie , however , disappointed me . In particular , it was difficult to see Jesse acting pathetic , borrowing cars and badges and more or less being someone who uses his friendships to get what he wants . This is not the character I have come to love watching . The character 's untreated depression is beginning to take over as a central feature of the movie . The movie featured , in part , a storyline about a girl that has supposedly been Jesse 's friend , someone we have not heard of in the past movies . There was no resolve to Jesse losing his position as police chief . The entire movie seemed poorly planned . I look forward to the next movie and hope he starts to come around because the way the character behaved in this movie was just too hard to watch .
 I have very much enjoyed the former movies in this series but Innocents Lost was a big disappointment . It has become stock and cliched . Parker had his characters show some development . By the end of the Jesse Stone series of books Stone had gotten his drinking under control and had resolved his issues of dependency on his ex-wife and the character in the books was always more complex than Selleck 's performance in this latest movie . The unrelieved gloom , the same dialogue rehashed from earlier movies , the same old scenes with Dr. Dix , with Gino Fish and with Sister Mary John , the same staring matches with the dog are all getting very tedious and frankly , unbelievable . It 's hardly credible that Tom Selleck 's character ca n't even pat his dog . Also , the scenes with Dix , Fish and Mary John seemed forced . It 's as if these actors have a run-of-the-series contract and have to be written in . Speaking of writing , perhaps writing is not Tom Selleck 's greatest strength . The latest movie in the series is to be broadcast this coming Sunday night . Based on the movie I just watched I have serious doubts that it will be worth watching .
 This is the weakest of all the Jesse Stones . It seems mostly to consist of long periods of Tom and his dog looking sad . There is a great deal of almost meaningless ` manly ' talk with other characters but it leads nowhere . In order to keep us awake there is a subplot involving a girl we have not encountered before who was a great pal of Tom 's . She is a dope addict slut and dies . Tom finds her pimp . -LRB- Yawn -RRB- . The worst is that we expected - were even led to believe - that something would happen about Tom 's reinstatement . This is unresolved apart from a hint that there may be a change of mayor.All in all a waste of the cast 's considerable talent and my dollars !
 I like Jesse Stone . Many of the scenes seemed like cut from the scripts of those produced prior . Could not get into it . I thought his dog had died in a past episode -LRB- ? -RRB- That was confusing . Perhpas the episodes have not been done in order All I know is I could not get into this one , at all . Really disappointted as I had looked forwrad to it . My hold at the local library took almost six months , as this episoide has been very popular in circulation . So maybe I do not know much .
 Honestly . My wife and I have enjoyed the Jesse Stone series . Until now . When it was on CBS a couple of weeks ago , we sat down to watch it and after a half-hour of moody shots of Jesse 's house , too many shots of that beautiful dog -LRB- whom we love -RRB- , and one-too-many dialogue scenes that even Parker would have found embarrassing - we gave up.Look , I 've been a Parker fan for thirty years and I admit he was never the most complicated writer . His dialogue was his forte and those who do n't like his writing says it 's TOO lean and TOO sparse . That 's as maybe , but Tom Selleck and crew were always good at delivering it . This time , no sale . Tom co-wrote this script , and he 's just not Robert B. Parker . Time to let this series go.For fans , go back and re-watch `` Stone Cold '' or `` Night Passage '' or `` Death in Paradise '' - the best ones in this series . And yes , we miss Viola Davis , too .
 I avoided buying the latest slumberfest in the Jesse Stone series because they 've been getting slower as each new mistake gets released . I liked the first two , then Jessie 's droopy , slouching , What Am I Doing Here stupor just got to be annoying . Tom Selleck co - ` wrote ' this . Between his so-very-tired-of-living demeanor and the brainless dialog , I ca n't imagine what he had on his mind to take this drivel into a studio . A screen writing class would do well to use this um , ` movie ' to start a discussion on how a screen writer should move the plot forward with each scene . You do n't have to blow things up , just use character interactions with other characters or things to illustrate their history , current view of their purpose in life/mission , and perhaps lead the viewer to anticipate alternative futures coming up , toying with them by using those threads as you develop the story . You do n't just put two thorazined actors in a room or at the sea shore and have them stare and mumble . Say there were , oh , 70 scenes filmed for assembly in the editing room . The editor of this sleeper has my sympathy . He or she was given 95 % of just mope around the set dopey nothingess to wrap around maybe 20 minutes of light-weight who done it content . The story boards would reflect scene setups like , ... -LRB- blank space intended -RRB- , Jesse stares at dog . Dog stares at Jesse . Tom/Jesse and mentor/counselor William DeVane stare , then exchange barely-awake witless dialog . I just do n't know how the director could do it . Probably just hit ` stun ' and went for a coffee break while the camera rolled . Mabye you can use this to keep the pets company while you 're out shopping . You wo n't miss anything.Jesse Stone
 I agree with all the other raters who gave this only one star . The movie was very plodding and as the other subplots appear I got the feeling that this was part one of a two part movie . However , the ending gave no indication that another movie is in the works .
 I am so dissapointed in the direction of these dvd 's that I probably will not purchase another one . This one had characters just thrown in to make a quick dollar and the origional characters were mostly gone . The Jesse Stone dvd series were unique like Mr Parkers books but now are do different except maybe worse then a low budget cop movie . Tom Selleck should be ashamed . I can bet you Mr Parker is .
 I feel Tom Selleck is a fabulous actor and I have very much enjoyed his Jesse Stone series , but as one reviewer said - this was not up to his standards ... . Innocents Lost was a walk-through - too much talking , too many silent periods and unfortunately , I did not enjoy it !
 I think I have liked Tom Selleck in everything he 's ever done . He 's a likable guy and a good actor , particularly in western and cop roles . I really enjoyed the first three Jesse Stone offerings , but they started to slip after that . If the next one is n't better than than `` No Remorse '' and `` Innocents Lost '' I 'm giving up on this series . Selleck should stick to acting and hire some good writers , some who can write dialogue . While they 're at it throw in an interesting plot again . In particular this current installment has everyone talking in the same clipped two word responses . `` Do you do so and so ? '' `` I do . '' and `` Were you at so and so ? '' `` I was . '' and `` Are you a so and so ? '' `` I am . '' And that 's it , end of sentence . This is OK for the Stone character but not for everyone in the story . Most people do n't talk like this . This affectation is so overused it becomes irritating . Give us something better than this or give up .
 The first three Stone films were awesome.The next three were quite good.The latest , Innocents Lost , was a big disappointment .1 -RRB- In this latest film they re-use lines from previous Stone films way too much . It happens so often that it 's kichy . One use would be nice , two ... maybe , but this became dumb after a dozen of them . In this film , a young girl dies and we learn that supposedly , she and Jesse were very close friends in the past . She calls Jesse her `` best friend . '' 2 -RRB- I 'm all for adding new characters , but this felt forced and thrown in . Why not just make it one of the young women Jesse was actually friends with in the earlier films ?? 3 -RRB- The new chief was not the same actor as the last film when he was interviewing for a job . That 's okay , you ca n't always get the same actors to return . But this guy is not even the same character -- what happened there ? 4 -RRB- What happened to Molly Crane ? Did I miss something or is she still out of FMLA ? Viewers want her back -LRB- or at least we want to know what happened 5 -RRB- The dialogue -LRB- what was a hallmark of these films -RRB- seems rushed and shallow in this latest film . 6 -RRB- But perhaps the biggest disappointment is what 's happening to Jesse . He 's a cop who has some problems , but he 's always had something special where it really counts . However , in this film , he is losing this . The parts of Jesse that are pathetic are drowning out any inner strength he had . We like the complicated nature of his character -LRB- in all the other movies -RRB- , but if he 's made into too much of a looser , we lose sight of his white hat . When this happens , he 's no longer complicated and thus , no longer interesting .
 I really love the Jesse Stone series of video 's . This one was the worst one in the series . It did not have what the other one 's had . I know another one is in the works and I hope it is as good as the first one 's . The only good thing was that Jesse did say that he would get his job back . I 'm looking fowward to how he does that . Hopefully with some flair .
 I love the jessie stone series . I have purchased them all and have turned other family members on to this series . I was very disspointed in the last movie Innocents Lost . It was boring ; choppie story line . I did n't get the thrill and excitment watching as in the previous jessie stone movies . What happened !!!!!!
 obviously not up to quality of previous Jesse Stone stories . Concentrates on Jesse 's problems , not the case he 's on . Too much of `` same old , same old '' . Poorimitation of Robert Parker 's work . If not for Tom Selleck presence , nothing !! No good feeling after watching this .
 Tom Selleck 's acting is still good in this Jesse Stone episode . The rest of the cast do a good job as well . The reason I did not enjoy this episode was the constant use of dialog/lines from previous Jesse Stone episodes -- not just once or twice but probably ten or more times . It made the episode stale and annoying . Also , some of the dialog seemed rushed -- as though it was being read not `` acted . '' I hope the writers and director of the next episode breath some new life into the script and characters .
 I enjoyed the first five movies so much that I gave `` No Remorse '' the benefit of the doubt , but `` Innocents Lost '' continues the downward trend . It is choppy , unnecessarily repetitive and stale compared to the first five . I applaud the team for trying to keep the series going after Mr. Parker 's death , but I hope they can find some new writers before the next one .
 Dick Merrill really is terrible in it , he delivers his lines as though he were reading them off of badly written cue cards . His co-pilot , Jack Lambie -LRB- my uncle -RRB- is suprisingly natural except for one scene , not that he had any demanding scenes . Hey , they were pilots , not actors.The script is bad , but the acting is ... adequate to good . Now I think about it , the acting was pretty good for 1937 .
 If you your looking for a video that has a lot of stuff about wrestling today . Then dont buy this video . It has a couple of pictures and stuff but not much . It mostly show footage of past wrestlers that are dead . The story goes from
 This title really is a waste of cash . If you saw iton A&E when it first came out then you will know what I mean.If not , trust your Uncle Jon here - the stories on here aremostly fiction , even the interviews they do . The story onAndre the Giant and Wrestlemania III is laugh out loud forhow little truth there is to it . They focus a little on theearly days -LRB- get your truth meter out -RRB- and then jump mainlyto the 1990 's and the WWF . A man like Ric Flair , who has doneso much for this industry , is glossed over with at most 3minutes of screen time . Bruno Sammartino is skipped entirely , as are countless others that are legendary figures inpro wrestling . Skip this title and go get Beyond the Mat oreven better - Wrestling with Shadows .
 Why are there only the first three episodes available ? There should be seven?I LOVE the show but it gets one star b/c there are only 3 episodes available .
 Like one of the previous reviewers I purchased this movie on the reputations of Cate Blanchett & Sam Neill . Should have read the description of the movie on the back of the box more closely.I generally watch a movie for the escape from reality factor . This one too closely mirrors the reality I see and read about in western society everyday.If I want to see drug addicted losers with no morals all I have to do is view the world that surrounds me on any given day.So I give the movie two stars not for the acting , but for the content.I do n't find a story line that features druggies and the drama that surrounds their lives particularly intriguing or entertaining .
 I picked this movie up because I really enjoy Cate Blanchett and I had n't even heard of this one , but I really just did n't like it . I would never buy this movie nor watch it again . The DVD case said `` Psychological Thriller '' , `` Your hairs will be standing up on end '' , `` Weaving looks a lot scarier than he ever did as Mr. Smith in the ` Matrix ' films '' ... needless , to say I was expecting to be watching an exciting , edge-of-your-seat-suspense film , but what I got was a slow , plodding , expose ' in the screwed up , tragic lives of drug addicts and the people around them . It was extremely depressing given the fact that the end of the movie leaves viewers with nothing to feel good about . These characters do n't seem to ever change or truly move past their addictive , manipulative behavior ... and maybe that 's the point , I do n't know . I did think the acting by all the cast was good ... they really seemed to be the people they were portraying ... and I still love Cate , but I thought the movie was really dreary with very little suspense unless you count the anxiety of whether they 'll get through whatever hare-brained scheme they 've come up with to get what they want -LRB- ie drugs or money -RRB- for the day .
 Perhaps we rented a bad copy , but I missed at least 30 % of the conversations because of a combination of strong Aussie accent combined with use of Aussie slang that I could n't translate quickly enough and just plain bad audio . The words sounded like they were being mumbled at times.The movie itself was a typical slow moving Aussie film that works hard at character development . If you like films about the intricacies of dysfunctional family relationships you should like this film ... if you can hear it .
 According to the DVD this is supposed to be a Psychological Thriller . Another review on the box says `` Your hairs will stand up on end . `` Its nothing but a long drama similar shot similarly to Laguna Beach and Eastenders . Nothing really exciting happens , but if you like drama you may like this . I was expecting something else .
 The opening of the film seems to imply that the story is mainly about Cate 's character , but the relationships between the other main characters seem to overwhelm much of the movie . The characters seem to weave in and out of each other 's lives with little to no emotional connection or impact . Maybe this is why Cate 's character used to be a drug addict . Her life is filled with extremely flawed people who seem to care about her , but all of them can barely keep their own lives in check . This is mainly what the movie seems to be about
 This is undoubtly the most boring movie I have ever watched , even Cate Blachett 's great talent could not save this movie . The plot is ho-hum and not worthy a story for a movie . The scenery was grungy as well as the characters in the movie . The conversation was thick withAussie accent and difficult to understand and the characters mumbled.Save your money and purchase one of Cate Blanchetts other great movies of which there are many .
 Cate Blanchett , Hugo Weaving and Sam Neil are great actors . Unfortunately their combined talents were n't able to rescue this slow moving , pointless and boring movie , or at least that 's how I 'd describe the first 20 minutes . I gave up watching it at that point . Maybe the movie magically turns into this critically acclaimed wunderfest after that .
 The first thing you notice about this bleak story of another time and place is the brown and grey sets and costumes . Everything from the building to the clothing to the interiors is all drab . So from the start , you know this is n't going to be any fun . I find it hard to believe that even children are so subdued that they ca n't play or even chase a ball past certain artificial boundaries . I was also waiting patiently for a reason why these now young adults ca n't just walk away from their fate of organ donation and ultimate death . Perhaps this is spelled out in the novel from which it originated but to me , it 's just a big hole in the plot . Anyway the acting is fine , especially some of the children that control most of the first half of the film . Andrew Garfield and Keira Knightley were good and Carey Mulligan almost saves the film as Kathy . In the end however , it 's just a somber , bleak version of the world that does n't make a lot of sense .
 Do n't watch this video unless you want to feel a constant sense of depression throughout the entire viewing . There is no hope , only death by slow and constant vivisection in pursuit of vital organs . Heed these words . I have spoken .
 I was really looking forward to seeing the film . It was well made and the acting is superb . That said , it 's one of the most horribly depressing stories I 've ever heard of . I would never watch it again , and now have no interest in reading the novel .
 I watch and love many depressing and disturbing movies , dystopian or not , and I was hoping this would be another sad but eye-opening or maybe deep and heartwrenching film that sticks with you long after you 've watched it . Not so . The movie has a good build-up , that 's for sure . It keeps building , and building , and ... it ends . No plot twists . No resolution , not even a falling action ... not even a climax . The thing builds and builds , and just ends ! I feel like I watched a pointless story with really no ending . They grew up and all did what they were bred to do and that 's it . Afterward I was left wondering , `` Why did I even watch that ? Why was that film even made ? Was the book this much of a dead-end too ? If so , why 's it supposedly so celebrated ? '' The movie went nowhere . I have read that this film displays the difference between British & American filmmaking and if that 's true then , I guess as an American I want alot of plot in a movie , twists and turns , rises and falls ... and I guess the British are just happy with a story . ... where nothing really happens except the natural progression of things . A bit of a bummer because I was hoping for something that really grabbed or disturbed or at least preoccupied me , but unfortunately it did n't happen .
 So , the only reason you exist is as property to be used as organ donors ; when needed , you will be cut open and your organs will be removed , and when you can no longer be kept alive because there 's too many of them missing , you 're dead . This is nightmarish beyond belief ! Think Nazism . Think Satanic ritual killing . Think of the most sadistic , hellish concept imaginable ; you have no right to your life , you belong to someone else who tells you why you exist and when and how you will die . The reviewers who think this is a meditation on what it means to be human completely miss that this is a horror story beyond belief and indulge in the type of thinking that enabled and empowered the most evil regimes of history , especially the 20th century regimes of Stalin , Hitler , Mao , Amin , Pol Pot , ad nauseum . A pox on all your houses !!!
 The acting was very believable , however the subject matter was so depressing that it was difficult to watch . I wanted there to be a happy ending ...
 As always books are better than movies . Love most Keira Knightley movies - Carey Mulligan and Andrew Garfield were a plus.Movie lagged at times but what helped it was the location -LRB- beautiful -RRB- . If you do n't see it you wont be missing anything , read the book and play it out in your mind as you read it will be much better .
 Performances great , directing great , cinematography great , but the subject matter ? This is the most depressing movie in the history of movies . The studio tried to market it as a `` haunting '' movie about eternal love . And then they wondered why it did n't make any money . What did not make any sense to me was how these people just accepted their fate without almost a hint of a fight . I 'm thankful we do n't live in the dystopic -LRB- yes , I looked it up -RRB- society in which supposedly this story takes place , brrrr .
 The idea that people would passively allow others to deprive them of their body parts with no attempt at resistance is so stupid that nothing else even needs to be said about this movie . The author would be rejected as a brain donor .
 The plot can be summarized thus
 *** This review contains spoilers *** If there is one film you should avoid like the plague in 2011 , it 's ` Never Let Me Go ' ! Based on a pretentious novel by the Japanese novelist Kazuo Ishiguro , it 's a story set in a dystopian England roughly between the 70s and the 90s . The story begins with three children , Kathy , Ruth and Tommy who attend Hailsham , a boarding school , run by an autocratic headmistress , Miss Emily , well-played by Charlotte Rampling . The children are brainwashed to accept the idea that when they grow to adulthood , they will become organ donors , in order to save terminally ill patients.When we finally flash forward to when the three children become adults , they continue to passively accept their fate as organ donors . In this film , we 're asked to accept the idea of a world where there is no free will and adults walk around like zombie-like robots , simply waiting to accept their preordained fate.As the story unfolds , Kathy , Ruth and Tommy end up at a place called ` The Cottages ' . There Kathy is turned off by the physical relationship between Ruth and Tommy . Ruth here is the antagonist , who taunts Kathy for her inability to accept her sexuality . Later , Ruth starts the organ donation process and begins to physically deteriorate . A rumor has been going around for a long time amongst the organ donor people that a couple can get a ` deferment ' if they prove they 're in love . Feeling guilty , Ruth gives Kathy and Tommy a contact address where they possibly can obtain a deferment since Ruth is no longer in the picture to drive a wedge between them . When they arrive at the house , they meet the old headmistress -LRB- now in a wheelchair -RRB- . She tells them that the deferment was simply a myth and they ca n't get out of being organ donors.On a deserted road , Kathy stops the car she 's been driving and lets Tommy out ; he breaks down since he realizes he can never have a relationship with Kathy . Soon enough , Tommy 's organs are harvested and we fade out as Kathy awaits her turn . Unbelievably , that 's all there is to this ludicrous story ! The only real significant conflict is between Kathy and Ruth over their affections for Tommy . They never attempt to revolt against the ` system ' which would have made the film more exciting and interesting . Instead , the principals ' ongoing passivity is a big bore and the love triangle is ordinary.While Carey Mulligan is certainly pleasing to look at it , her taste in scripts is highly questionable -LRB- ` An Education ' was only slightly better than ` Never Let Me Go ' -RRB- . The cinematography here was impressive and the soundtrack had a moody , haunting quality to it . But why do we hear the soundtrack almost continually throughout the entire movie ? Could it be that the story is so inert that the director had to rely on the music underneath to suggest true emotions ? ` Never Let Me Go ' is perhaps one of the most ` one note ' films I 've seen in recent memory . Avoid this one at all costs , unless you enjoy waiting around to see your main characters have their body parts extracted without the slightest protest !
 What an awful piece of movie crap this was . I Will never get that time back ! Would never recommend this movie !
 If you do n't already know the story ... you spend the whole time waiting for them to FIGHT for life ... for their free will to kick in-it never does !
 This had a fascinating premise , and I understand how there was a galant intent to stay away from melodrama or fall into a science fiction genre but this movie so was boring ... I mean really , really boring.The film involves how society utilizes clones for a future harvesting of their organs . The clones accept their fate and do nothing about it . The clones do nothing and nothing happens in the film.This flick could have used a bit of drama , action , kung fu , conflict resolution ... ANYTHING to pick up the pace and make something happen.Great concept but there should have been something ; a revolt -LRB- you 're not taking my organs ! -RRB- , showing the anguish that a life exists just to aid somebody else , something!This was the wrong approach for this movie.I was completely disappointed !!!
 I had high hopes for this film which I take full blame for . I 'm not going to spoil it because at the end of the day its just my opinion . The movie started off swell , seemed interested but quickly took a nose dive into the abyss of `` what the ?!?!?! '' I think it was poorly executed and as a matter of fact , if I could execute this flick and put it to rest , I would!THUMBS DOWN !
 This movie might have been great had it not been for the horrible plot and the ending . I know it was made from a book , but if the book is lacking ... do n't make it into a movie . Simple logic here . I do n't know what it is about Hollywood , but I can assure you that mixing semi-OK actors , a controversial topic , and a non-realistic/futuristic environment together is not guaranteed to make box office gold . Great movies are n't great because they are cutting edge or hypnotic or whatever else critics tell you to make you think you 're not artistic or open-minded if you do n't like it , they are great because of artistic QUALITY . Take `` Avatar , '' it was futuristic , alternate universe , and had blue creatures , yet it was captivating , thought provoking and imaginative . Or look at other greats like `` The Godfather , '' `` Gladiator , '' `` How to Catch a Thief , '' `` Pulp Fiction '' ... no description necessary . It seems like they were lazy and hoped the movie would do well because of Keira Knightley . -LRB- By the way , I 'm not a fan of hers anyway -RRB- Seriously , I do not watch movies to be depressed . I 'm not saying they all have to be Hallmark classics , but this movie held no positive anything . It left you hopelessly wanting a great ending only to be left with nothing . One reviewer , Chris Pandolfi , gave it 4 stars and said `` Walking out of `` Never Let Me Go , '' I felt as if I had experienced a death . '' Not what I want to experience . Even the setting was dreary throughout the whole movie . In fact , I would have turned the movie off had I been watching it by myself . Definitely `` let me go . '' I would never watch this again , nor would I recommend anyone to see this . The `` artistic value '' is little to non-existent . I 'd rather watch Waterworld again .
 Visually Great , acting solid-story is flat out stupid.The problem is the whole idea that clones would be treated worse than cattle is such a flimsy idea unsupported in any way the whole pile of garbage falls on itself . The technical aspects of how the cloning works , how they are raised and act leaves too many holes . The only reason there are good reviews is people love the author -- no way this story stands on its own -- it 's bad Jr High sci-fi .
 This movie was depressing . I felt like i was in a rainy world of depression . that is what they probalby shot for though
 This film started off well . Many questions were raised and I looked forward to watching the answers unfold . However , the film became more and more flimsy and unbelievable.Spoiler AlertI do n't mean the sci-fi premise - I had no trouble imagining that . I mean all the plot holes . For example , the children must scan a bracelet as they pass from place to place . Their movements seem very controlled and limited in other ways as well . They have been told scary stories about the world outside the gates of their school , so that they are terrified of going out of bounds . At 18 , however , they are sent to cottages to live together with no adult supervision and no boundaries whatsoever . They go wherever they choose and stay as long as they like . But we still have a scene of the teens reentering the cottage and scanning their bracelets at the door . -LRB- The theme of the bracelets that monitor movements is not original . It is taken directly from Ira Levin 's `` This Perfect Day . '' -RRB- Another inconsistency
 -LSB- ... It won or was nominated for lots of awards . -RSB- From the moment the word `` donations '' was used in the trailer I predicted what this movie was about and I was right . That 's okay , I like this kind of movie . I am even one of those very patient movie watchers who , in a genre I like , can tolerate a lot that others wo n't . Perhaps a slow moving plot . Quiet scenes . Ambiguity , etc.However , this movie , and I do n't know about the book , seemed like a patchwork of emotional moments brainstormed beforehand and then tossed in and connected in whatever way possible regardless of whether they made sense together or not . I 'm afraid to put in any spoilers . But there were at least two instances where things came right out of the blue as if the author thought of them at that moment , when if they were that important , they would have been mentioned earlier in the story as the characters would have been thinking about them earlier . Really , there seemed to be several things like that.Perhaps in the book everything is handled better and the filmmakers really screwed it up . So my recommendation is read the book first . If it turns out to be a great story , then see the film . You 'll know what 's going on and can fill in from the book the smooth transitions and foreshadowings that were missing from the film .
 Good for rainy day when both of your legs are broken and you ca n't reach the sleeping pills.Well acted , beautifully photographed . Story line barely believable . In this movie 's society , for people to know the horror of their fate and not act upon it stretches reason to the breaking point . Had this been placed in a Sci Fi setting , or a Nazi prison camp , it might have been a riveting drama . As it was , the only riveting moment in the entire film was when the headmistress comments on why the children submit their drawings for review.You keep asking yourself , `` Why would anyone put up with this '' ? All of the actors deserve a better story line .
 I finished watching this movie half an hour ago , and I 'm still depressed . When I got it , a friend said it was very sad , so I immediately figured out what it was about . The acting by Mulligan was superb . I really felt her scenes . The production values were first class . But I asked myself repeatedly as I watched the film , why did the protagonists not run away ? It makes no sense to me why they stayed under those conditions . So it depressed me , and I 'm still depressed . Give me `` Independence Day '' or `` The Fugitive '' or `` Die Hard '' any day where the protagonists fight back .
 Since I 've heard a little about this film I thought I 'd check it out.This has got to be one of the most depressing films in recent memory . It 's about a special boarding school somewhere in England that is part of the National Donor Program , a program that has a chain of `` schools '' that are actually raising clones for future organ donation.Although the film claims in this alternate world we can live to be 100 , I 'm assuming that is because of the miracles of medicine regarding organ donation . But why not just raise clones as sheep and harvest their organs for those who are dying or desperate.The clone eventually `` completes '' after a few major organs are removed , either dying outright with a team of nameless and emotionless doctors gathering around , or as a vegetable at some home.The story itself revolves around Tommy , Kathy and Ruth , three kids who bond early in their childhood . Early in the film , a sympathetic teacher reveals their real purpose as short-lived solutions to adults who live on . She is soon `` let go '' as it were.The performances are solid as well as the acting . The cinematography is well done in creating a dark , sullen and depressing mood.At the same time , the film beats you severely about the head regarding the morality of clones and that they too can love , can fear , and can feel rage.The film confronts issues of ethics regarding organ donation , the creation of a supply for that purpose and whether this could possibly happen in a later , dystopian future . Who is to say?There have been other organ harvesting films such as Coma -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and the more recent Repo Man -LRB- 2010 -RRB- but none so depressing and squeezing out your spirit as Never Let Me Go . If anything , Never Let Me Go is a fascinating art film but that 's about it.Keira Knightly is great as the jealous , vindictive Ruth , along with Carey Mulligan as Kathy -LRB- the leading lady -RRB- who is the most depressing of all and the target of their affections , Tommy , played with rage and fire by Andrew Garfield.Other Organ Harvest Films!ComaRepo Men -LRB- Unrated -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- The X-Files
 I think the hardest thing for me to wrap my head around was the concept that in the 80 's and 90 's there would be a plausible scenario where people were designated solely for organ donation ; and that it was okay . I was practically screaming , `` Why do n't you just cut off the bracelets and leave ? '' I mean really ? That is the biggest problem I had with the movie , because all of the characters seemed a little too comfortable and accepting of their circumstances and eventual fate , no one tried to run or fight . If it had been set in the 50 's , like it kind of looked like it was , I would have been slightly more accepting of the premise , but otherwise I just could n't accept the plot . The only saving grace of this movie was the actors , they all turned in pretty good performances , and `` almost '' made me believe the plot .
 ... and hence I simply couldnt enjoy this movie . I could not for a minute believe that human donor `` programs '' would be accepted by any society with not ONE person being rebellious about it . I also wanted to know more about the program ... there was a mention of other schools raising donors in subhuman ways . I would have been more interested in seeing how the program really worked then looking at the pathetic , doomed , love trio drama . Acting was ok but the story simply was not in the realm of even faintly plausible . For me , I need some link to reality in order to enjoy these dystopian type of films .
 I thought this would be a love story . It was in a way but it was a disgusting story about selling body parts . A mind control over these poor kids that thoughgt they could n't tell the adults NO .
 After watching this movie , I 'm not sure if I was more depressed or angry . I am grateful that I only rented it instead of buying the thing.First of all , how the novel upon which it was based became a best seller is completely beyond my ability to comprehend . That the author made a profit should be a crime . I 'm always frustrated how sick minds can often be so imaginative and creative at the same time . For people -LRB- sheeple , actually -RRB- to accept their fate as these clones did without even attempting to live their own lives is completely ridiculous.And then to make a movie ! Oh , please ; spare us the agony ! The actors and actresses would seem to have been desperate for work to participate in this Sham . -LRB- Pun intended -RRB- For me to enjoy a movie , it should meet at least one of these criteria
 What the heck ? What a awful movie ! So depressing . I got a headache ! It was the most pathetic movie I 've ever seen ! They had no will to live , totally passive . I got so irritated with this `` so-called '' movie . What a waste of my time !
 This movie gives excruciatingly bad new meaning altogether . Just when I thought The Road and Blue could n't be topped in presenting a bleak , depressingly drawn out film along comes Never Let Me Go and makes me rethink how bad cinema can get . We are presented with three children in this movie who are told of the fate that awaits them as organ donors yet although given nearly every opportunty refuse to try and live a normal life . Instead , they gleefully just hand over their organs one by one , ostensibly for . . the good of a society that treats them like cattle and does n't even acknowledge the idea of them having souls ? Somehow , I think they just might rebel against such a fate . Yet no , they do not . They are all too eager to fulfill the destiny set before them and leave it at that . This film is a study in complete and total mindless subservience to a system for which the lead characters should feel no sense of loyalty or duty to whatsoever yet we are meant to feel empathy for their condition ? I 'm sorry , but I felt none for them since they could n't be bothered to even respect themselves in the slightest .
 I just painfully sat thought this movie and I wish I read spoilers before purchasing this movie . For one thing this movie made almost go asleep.For the outside of movie , I thought this would be good love story , in fact it does not leave much sympathy for any of the characters . I could understand this if this was taken place in the future - but in the past just makes it so unrealistic - why did n't these characters get up and leave - or complain to some orgainization of something . In todays world this would never have been allow which makes the movie pretty stupid.Recommend the following movie instead . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This was a depressing , stupid movie -- waste of time -- made from a stupid , depressing book . The joke 's on me . I read the book and watched the movie . Teens will LOVE it !
 This was the worst movie I ever saw . It made me physically nauseous for starters . The acting was HORRIBLE . Story line is pathetic . DONT BE FOOLED BY THE RATING IT HAS
 I found two things quite ironic about this movie
 This product goes against all my beliefs . I bought this because a freind of mine was acting odd and I wanted to find out what was wrong .
 This outstanding and important DVD was a gift and when it arrived here in Cape Town , South Africa , I was quite disappointed . It was quite scratched and stuck on the 58 minutes - 32 minutes of the second hour . I cleaned it but to no avail . When something has travelled such a long way -LRB- and yes it was properly wrapped etc -RRB- , it is very disappointing that it is scratched . I was particularly looking forward to the ` positive ' bits where they have some sane suggestions for alternatives . Most documentaries only create awareness of problems . ; - -LRB-
 The Zietgiest movies are more a cult recruiting tool than anything that `` we as a people must see '' These `` Films '' and I use that term Loosely are full of factual errors anybody with even minimal education can debunk . The Opinions offered give no real insight into society and rely mostly on fear mongering and Conspiracy theory . Anybody with half a brain should steer clear of this trash .
 this documentary is a pretentious piece of garbage . Its total waste of time . I really dont get how it won so many awards
 These movies are given away free by the artist who made them , Peter Joseph . The fact that these people are selling the DVD 's for more then 5 $ -LRB- what Peter sells them for on his website zeitgeistmovie.com -RRB- is a total insult ! Do not encourage this corrupt behavior !
 `` Zeitgeist
 Dont waste your money ... even if they paid you to watch , your time would be better spent watching food defrost in the microwave . If this was supposed to be a spoof then it should have stated that . I cant explain what is going on in this so called movie other than people not even acting being recorded doing nothing .
 nothing near the quality of the first two stuart little movies and not enough to keep the little one 's attention long enough to enjoy it ... the storyline is good , but it failed to hit the pre-schoolers level of excitement like the first two movies did . they were bored within minutes of the movie starting . .
 My DVD automatically displays English subtitles as the default setting . This happens every time we play it . I got it for my niece who 's 4 , and she always has to ask someone to reset it to display no subtitles . -LRB- She otherwise can just hit the play button to start a DVD . -RRB- I was NOT happy with that . This info should have been stated on this website . I would never have bought it if I knew this . Poorly made cartoon , although my niece still watches it because she likes Stuart .
 The only good news about the second sequel to ` Stuart Little ' is that you can hear the voices of three principal actors of the original -- Michael J. Fox , Geena Davies , and Hugh Laurie . Except that , I can find nothing that would justify the decision of making another entry into the series . There is no state-of-the-art images merging seamlessly the live-action and CGI-created creatures . So what 's the point of making this one?The film is all shot in animation , and the animation is just cheesy . I know I should not expect Pixar in direct-to-video films , but it is not a totally happy thing to see the characters with clunky designs , whose monotonous movement looks so awkward that you might remember the unnaturally moving heads or arms of the characters on video games made five or six years ago , or the filmed version of ` Final Fantasy . ' Frankly this animation needs better software.At least , the filmmakers are wise not to change the basic points of the ` SL ' world . Again we are to meet the Little Family , this time going on vacation for summer . Stuart joins in the ` Lake Scout ' with his brother George , which results in another misadventure on the lake as you know he would.The story gets more interesting when a new character Reeko wisecracking skunk appears in the forest where , it is rumored , mighty and fearful ` Beast ' rules mercilessly . Somehow this skunk likes Stewart Little , and Stewart the skunk , and their friendship is tested when Snowbell gets into a big trouble.Virginia Madsen and Peter MacNicol also provide voices , but that does n't add much to the entire film.Regular characters like Mr. and Mrs. Little , or Monty come back , but the film spends pretty much time to introduce and follow the story of the skunk , who is not particularly a funny character . There is an unnecessary ` funky ' musical sequence about Rikko ` skunk with a funk ' which completely misunderstands the target audiences of the film.Though kids might enjoy it , ` SL3 ' is a huge disappointment after watching two previous works , especially the rousing finale of ` SL2 . ' The reason why they shot this film fully in unremarkable animation still mystifies me .
 I do n't really mind the cheap animation . It 's more the cliched , near offensive parts . If you want your kids to watch movies with the phrase `` junk in the trunk '' in it then watch this . For my kids , I 'll skip it . It 's not as crude as more modern `` kids '' movies but there is still plenty for me not to like.Yes , I am happily prudish with what I want my kids watching .
 . . just a let down since the first two movies where whimsical and fun . . and in Live Action.Nope , did n't like it one bit .
 The show was amazing , Bill Paxton beyound fantastic , the way he was protrayed as a loving husband , father , his religion , the major part I disagreed with was the poligamy thing , but the last episode destroyed the series for me , when are these people going to get it , we dont want the main charachter - heros killed , we want our happy every after , then before Bill was killed he 's being draged to court , his business destroyed , then the show destroys the main actor , what is this , I cryed and felt so angry , kind of almost felt I waisted my time , thats how upset I was , STOP KILLING OFF THE MAIN PEOPLE , PEOPLE , just like the ending of Desperate Housewives , killing off Mrs Mcolsky , then they killed Mike , now they kill Bill on this show , I mean it , WTF
 Just when you wonder what else could possibly go wrong , season five brings the family to the brink on a number of levels . The climax caught me by surprise . The flash-forward denouement was a little abrupt.We were disappointed by a quality problem with the final disk in the set . It locked up in several episodes , and we therefore missed some of the action .
 After being riveted through the first four seasons , I was bored and disappointed by the entire 5th season . And the ending was completely contrived an felt rushed .
 How gullible can people be ? HBO decided to cut short the life of `` Big Love '' and the whole of season 5feels like the closing of a shop
 This must have been a break out vehicle for some soap stars or maybe the director 's girlfriend , because there really can not be another reason for this movie being made . Awful . A bunch of gorgeous `` regular people , '' like maids and plumbers who look like Salma Hayak and Brad Pitt , are going to rob a really bad dude . The really bad dude is really bad because he steals from ... Hispanics ! But wait ! -LRB- plot spoiler alert -RRB- The bad guy swindler has a long-standing history with the leader of the Good Guy Robbers ! They were mentored by the same Master Thief but then the bad guy turned ... BAD ! He gave up `` The Code ! `` I actually watched this to the end because it was so bad , I just had to keep watching -LRB- and there 's almost never an actual movie on in Spanish -RRB- . This was seriously awful . It had the ridiculously hot mechanic girl who never wore skirts -LRB- but when she did she looked like a movie star , duh -RRB- , the silver haired bad guy with chiclet teeth and his 20 year old bimbo wife , the dramatic death of the mentor as he passes on his legacy , the hot nanny , the nerdy guy who has panic attacks . Seriously all it was missing was `` a hooker with a heart of gold '' to be the biggest movie cliche.I am really confused by all the good reviews . Is the leader of the good guys Juanes , is that it ? Ha .
 where do i begin . . This documentary is horrible & not worth a dime ! Very disapointing , watching campers sit around talking about bigfoot . They alegedly saw one during filming but somehow thier batteries were dead ... what a CROCK !
 No entertainment value at all . Just a very slow paced movie about two guys that are now in their 50 's and trying to make another record and run into disappointment after disappointment . Reminds me of a very bad version of ` Behind the Music ' about a band you do n't know .
 Is this supposed to be a joke ? Is this supposed to be the new Spinal Tap ? If this is a joke -- I do n't get it . Everyone likes to root for an `` underdog '' , but the underdog has to at least have a little bit of talent and a genuine reason why they should succeed . Why has Anvil struggled for 25 years trying to make it ? Because they are n't any good . Their playing is mediocre at best and their songs are lame and amateurish . There are a thousand highschool garage bands who are just as good as these guys.At least Spinal Tap 's songs were clever and well done .
 Certainly was n't what I thought . There was a lot of hype going on about this movie . Shawn Ray may not have been a Olympic champion but he sure is a good sales person.The movie glances over most of the Olympic champions . The details that were talked about were Larry Scott and his Weider connection , which help him win his first two Olympia 's . Larry mentioned that the founder of the A.U.U was someone that you had to get in good with in order to win . He tried and was given the cold shoulder because he was photographed in Weider 's publication . So Larry went with Joe Weider and guess what ? Larry won the very first Olympia . Imagine that !! Then they spend a great deal talking about how Arnold stole 80 Olympia . Hmmm he help skyrocket Joe Weider 's empire . So was there any wonder the out of shape Oak won ? Heck no . So it was pretty cool to hear Boyer Coe state how many of the guys boycotted the 81 event because of the fix . Only to see the fix happen again when Franco won it . I had only wished they talked about the bogus win Jay got over Phil a few years ago , or that bogus win he got after losing to Dexter Jackson.Anyway the evolution of bodybuilding could have gotten into why guys have gotten bigger and moved away from the look of Zane , Wheeler , Ray , Levrone and the others of the 70 's , 80 's , and 90 's . The movie only mentions that the guys just got bigger . No crap . . But how , what was the cause?They could have did film shots of bloated guts , box shape bodybuilders without showing their faces . Heck the true fans know who these folks are.Anyway this movie left so much out , some much information that really could have supported the title `` evolution of bodybuilding . `` I would n't buy this if I were you . Unless you are new to the sport and do n't know any of the old greats . Warning so many of the greats were left out the video . Only some casual mentioning of Mike Christian , Mike Mentzer , Paul Dillett and a few others . I 'm sure there ought to be some guys who want to punch Shawn Ray in the mouth . Oh wait they already do n't like the guy.I for one am thrilled that I did n't buy this video . I only rented it for about a 1.99 . It 's worth about 89 cent rental but I will live with it .
 This is just nauseating stuff folks . If your idea of watching ` erotic horror ' involves grotesque fat feminist Amy Lynn Worst -LRB- aka Amy Lynn Best -RRB- rolling around in Karo syrup then have at it . Yes , this is her latest insult / exploitation of horror fans - created simply because she is n't attractive enough to be the lead in a proper horror movie -LRB- she also nurtures a deep hatred of horror fans over this fact which has slipped out in her interviews -RRB- . Well known as a charlatan who brown-noses magazine editors and distributors in the underground horror industry -LRB- along with her ` director ' husband Mike Watt -RRB- the woman actually loathes horror fans for being so ` misogynistic ' yet turns around and hypocritically releases this ! Desperate to exploit horror fans at all costs , here we find her AGAIN trying to rip people off with this ridiculous video that continues to mock the intelligence of genre fans . Do n't waste your money on this pathetic charlatan who loathes the fans she markets to .
 I bought this dvd , expecting to watch both movies . However , my DVD contained only Anatomy of a Psycho . It was an Alpha video dvd -LRB- aka Nina 's Golden Oldies from Narberth PA -RRB- , so I was definitely disappointed to receive one movie instead of two . I already knew what kind of movies to expect , I was disappointed in the product itself .
 How would I describe this film ? Choppy , confusing , ridiculous , and done ! The story is simple , a young guy witnesses a murder on a webcam site , which leads back to a group of millionaires , who pay to witness real murders on the web . That we know , but the big question becomes whose behind it ? Who cares ?! By the time you get to the `` who done it '' , you 're head is spinning and you do n't know what is going on anymore ! I rented this thing , for one reason , Edward Furlong . He is one of my favorite actors . When he was younger , he was in huge movies like Terminator 2 and American History X . Since then he 's flown way under the radar , doing mostly direct-to-video films , many of them winners . While Eddie was great , the writing and directing of this film is such that you 're bored , confused , and finally just fed up and frustrated .
 Edward Furlong stars in this British/French thriller . Emilia Fox -LRB- `` The Pianist '' -RRB- , Chiwetel Ejiofor -LRB- `` Dirty Pretty Things '' -RRB- Elsa Zylberstein -LRB- `` Mina Tannenbaum '' -RRB- also appear , and the director is Mathias Ledoux . Well , the stars ' names are pretty impressive.Edward Furlong is a compuer programmer Thomas living in London , and perhaps has too much curiosity . Now , he is visiting his favorite site run by ` Cathy ' ... but two strangethings happen . One
 I agree with Dustin B - shame not to see Edward Furlong in T3 - this movie had so much potential -LRB- in the realm of Hitchcock -RRB- but went wrong in so many ways - it insulted the audience several times -LRB- old-fashioned cops and a hacker with a knack for buggin whose place is broken into and he does n't check for bugs or wonder why someone was even there ? -RRB- The ending fight was pretty lame tho the twist was n't too bad - the older actors were n't very good - too stereotypical and one dimensional . It had the strangest clash of a 1940 's / 2004 that didnt mix . And yes , Furlong did seem too tired too much of the time -LRB- there were actual scenes where it looked like he had a good night 's sleep -RRB- . If you want to see something not so technical but along the same lines - rent 8mm
 Two things struck me about this film :1 . Ledoux clearly did n't bother doing his research into computer experts . Or people who did n't just buy a ready made PC from a chain store for that matter . Maybe he decided all the experts should use XP so 85 % of the viewing world could relate to the computers but , damn , how many hackers/programmers would be using that ghastly piece of over priced bloatware commonly known as Outlook ? So , the characterisation was bad with only stereotypes .2 . Is it just me or did it look like a cheap version of an English cop drama ? We already know the characters are clich&eacute;s , but so is the plot and dialogue . BTW , I like British cop dramas , well , Murder City at least . But TBM looked like it had a smaller budget than those shows . Ledoux could 've at least overcome the look by spending money on a writer who 'd graduated high school.Don ' t watch this unless it 's on TV and there is absolutely nothing else to do .
 And that 's definitely saying something , especially when you consider that I am far more lenient and open-minded with certain movies than most other people.No , trust me and all the other one-star reviewers who 've all said pretty much the same thing , this was a BORING and altogether poorly-made waste of time . If I had paid top dollar to see this in a theater , especially on Christmas Day when it opened , I would have been angrier than words could express . This film , as somebody else here has already iterated , belonged in a late-night slot on the SyFy Channel.Emile Hirsch , who portrays one of the few leads here , has appeared in far better films in the past . So I completely fail to see why he accepted a part in this travesty . Yes , this story DOES involve an alien invasion of sorts ; that , alone , was enough to snag my interest initially because I happen to enjoy those types of films . This one , however , just never got off the ground . The character development is non-existent , it just is n't there . And the pacing ? It had me nodding off after the first half hour ; the plot , what little there is of it , moves slower than a snail ! I never thought that was possible , but `` The Darkest Hour '' has certainly proven me wrong.I was n't even able to finish the film and , just so you know , that has NEVER happened to me . I always see a movie through to its end , but I just plain and simply could not do that this time . This movie bored me to tears.I took it back to the video store to trade it in for something else and , it would appear , I was n't the only person to do that in recent days . The clerk told me he 'd had many other customers doing the same exact thing.If that does n't tell you how bad `` The Darkest Hour '' really is , nothing will.Proceed to watch it at your own peril .
 AWFUL the best thing about this movie is the trailer and the movie cover , the actors are awful story disjointed they probably left all the good parts on the editing room floor .
 The namedropping of Timur Bekmambetov -LRB- `` Nightwatch '' -RRB- in the trailer is the only reason I gave this a chance . But his name in the credits as producer is the sole trace of his creativity in the film , so do n't get reeled in like we did.Yeah , this is a really bad movie , and it 's absolutely not worth renting or owning . The effects are workmanlike , but nothing `` special . '' The plot is all over the place , and many sequences do n't make any sense . You 'll find yourself yelling or groaning at the characters ' every decision.If you want to see a truly fun , inventive alien invasion flick with a great story , interesting visual effects , and remarkable acting , rent or buy `` Attack The Block '' instead of this .
 As far as popular supernatural subgenres of film are concerned , it seems reasonable to expect one or two of every ten to be a decent flick ; when it comes to the traditional alien invasion movie , for example , there 's usually at least one Attack the Block to match up against the likes of Battle
 this movie SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!! i was really hoping it was going to be at-least ok but it more than failed . I would not recommend it to anyone if you really want to waste your money throw it in the trash
 Just bought this on Blu-ray . I watched about 45 mins , and had to turn it off . This has to be one of the worst holidays movies out there . To be relased around Christmas time , usually movies are pretty decent . This was straight up bad . I would not recommend wasting time watching this flick . It was a B-rated type movie .
 I skipped this in theaters because of all the negative feedback it got . Just watched it and wow . . this movie is indeed AWFUL . Horrible acing , weak plot , bad special effects , the list goes on and on . AVOID !
 Trailer looked good . Looking for SYFY , action and special effects . Got 0 , nothing . Even women are n't all that hot . Just forget this one .
 obviously you are unaware , but i have not only returned this particular DVD but also hunger games and crusades as they are unable to be played on players made for australia . I am more than annoyed seeing as the address that these were posted to was also an Australian address and nowhere in the sales advertisement did it state that they were made for USA . In future i would suggest that if you are selling DVDs for a different region that your sales people check the address that they are sending to , or you put in your advertisement that they are not for certain regions.regardsLes
 The Darkest Hour offers a new take on the alien invasion film with mixed results . This American-Russian co-production finds two software developers Ben -LRB- Minghella -RRB- and Sean -LRB- Hirsch -RRB- traveling to Moscow where they hope to sell their new social networking app to a group of Russian investors . However when they arrive at the meeting they find that their Swedish partner Skyler has stolen their idea and has already made a deal with the Russians . Seeking to drown their sorrows they head to a nightclub where they meet a couple of women
 This was a lame-ass movie that I mostly watched for the kids . Once through was bearable , but more than enough .
 this movies was a stupid waste of time and money i would not recommend anyone see or purchase it a very boring and dumn movie
 This movie was no good . It was hard to follow and really left me wondering why I even watched it . The best parts of it were in the trailer . The only reason I gave it two stars was because the special effects are pretty cool . Story line , not so much .
 I was charged but I was never able to view it . Now it 's not available to me I 'm not sure who to contact to get this problem resolved .
 the disc would not play due to the single disc and the region so i found this to be very disappointing . .
 I like B-movies , I like Sci-Fi B-movies and I even generally like the not-so-good Sci-Fi B-movies -LRB- I actually rated `` Skyline '' three stars -RRB- - but this thing was too much even for me . As one of the precedent reviewers very accurately noticed , this is basically a perfectly useless and less succesful remake of `` Skyline '' , just with a lesser budget and without US Air Force vs. alien bionic fighters moments . This review contains limited SPOILERS.The general idea of the film was pretty good - let 's throw a handful of young Americans in the middle of an alien invasion , but instead of an US location -LRB- New York , Los Angeles , Hawaii , as those are the places usually invaded by extraterrestrial villains -RRB- let 's place them in Moscow ! It could have been such a great and full of humor film , but the whole idea was COMPLETELY wasted by the archi-idiotic scenario . Do not expect any humor or smart dialogs and the very limited action scenes are pathetic . Every time anybody seems to have a potential to do or say something interesting he/she is immediately eradicated.The reasons for which I still give this film two stars , are following : - there is aproximately 10-12 minutes which are watchable - but just so we are clear it is BEFORE the alien invasion begins ... - even if all actors were completely unknown to me and even if after watching their `` performance '' I believe they should remain so , all the girls were still very cute ... - there is one smart one-liner at the very beginning and another one at the very end of the film - this is the first Sci-Fi film ever in which I saw humans engage alien invaders with cavalry and Molotov cocktails made from vodka ... -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- - last but not least , there is a kind of an `` alternate geography '' lesson in this film -LRB- it concerns the Moskova river -RRB- which made me laugh like a hysterically drunk hyena - although I am certain that such was not the intention of the scenarist ... So all in all , this film is a huge failure , only watchable if we consider it as a kind of stupid joke - but it will work only after ingestion of a huge quantity of beer . Otherwise , avoid it if possible ...
 Emile Hirsch , what happened to you ? You 're playing a douchy wannabe software entrepreneur whose best lines involve flirting with a flight attendant over airplane-cell phone propaganda . We 're only a few minutes into this movie and I already finding myself disliking your protagonist . I 've seen you quiet and soulful in Into the Wild -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , humorously innocent in the amazing The Girl Next Door -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , credibly authoritative in Alpha Dog -LRB- 2006 -RRB- ... and now this ? Did you lose a bet or just piss off one too many directors with vegan , gluten-free , organic catering demands ? Simply accepting this role and this script was a failure before the cameras even started rolling . We 'll call this strike one.Anyway , this software designer and his partner are on a business trip to Moscow to market a social networking app for navigating the club circuit in any major city in the world . -LSB- Why did they need to go to Moscow for this ? Because it was cheaper to film the movie there . -RSB- Hirsch plays the more laid back , carefree partner who is always telling his business-oriented friend to relax . Not even ten minutes into this flick they are double-crossed by a third party and ousted out of their own deal . This really deviates from the standard formula . The Hostel series , The Chernobyl Diaries , Wrong Turn , Wolf Creek and The Cabin in the Woods rely more simply on a group of friends going on a vacation . It 's simple but it works . You never find yourself saying `` what 's the point in them being in Moscow for this business deal '' and the movie 's credibility is maintained until the real fun starts when the players begin to drop one by one to whatever the random malevolent force the writers dreamed up . That 's strike two.So our boys go out clubbing to drink away their failed business venture and meet up with two cuties . They seem to get along when suddenly there 's a world-scale power outage and countless energy-based life forms fall from the sky like snow-flaky embers aglow with Tinkerbell 's fairy dust . They start incinerating people like vampires to Blade 's silver katana , people start running and screaming , and we 're only fifteen minutes into the movie . Well , at least we did n't have to suffer through the business deal plot any more.As people scream and turn into aerosol compost our heroes , now numbering five with the addition of the shark who screwed them over on their app idea , hide in a restaurant store room . A week after the invisible , incinerating invasion began , they emerge to go to the US Embassy ... because they would n't have been charred , right ? Oh , and the slick douchebag has turned into an annoying high strung coward . Those characters are so annoying and they never get killed off as fast as you 'd like.The streets of Moscow have turned into an I Am Legend , soulless dust bowl of abandoned cars and ghostly edifices . Hirsch leads the way as they remain ever vigilant . Because these energy-based aliens activate electronic devices -LRB- i.e. , lights -RRB- when they are present , our heroes learn to travel when it 's safest
 Okay . There is so much to dislike about this movie that I could go on and on.Short version
 American 's in Moscow during alien invasion . Not too high a budget , but not done badly . Interesting `` aliens '' . But got bored with it and did not finish it .
 The 3D on this film was almost non-existent ! The movie was not all that exciting . I love post apocalyptic movies and this one is not going to be at the top of my favorites
 Do n't waste your time . It was a great idea and looked good in the trailer , but I was totally bored the moment it began . I 'm super easy to please when it comes to B movies and this one failed .
 This was the worst movie I have seen in years . The dialogue came out as forced 80 % of the time . the part where the boat crashed but the girl ended up a mile away in the city made no sense . Do yourself a favor and pass on this `` blockbuster ''
 the trailer is better than the movie . the plot , location , and protagonists are good . but the content of the story and the dialog are not . the trailer got my hopes up too high for the film .
 `` The Darkest Hour '' has potential . The premise is pretty darn interesting -LRB- although it 's borrowed from other science fiction novels that have been around for at least twenty plus years -RRB- -- what if an alien invasion occurs by creatures that we just ca n't see and appear to be electrical in nature ? How do we fight something like that much less survive?When a website designer Ben -LRB- Anthony Mingella -RRB- and his best friend Sean -LRB- Emile Hirsch -RRB- travel to Moscow to pitch their new design to a company they are greeted with disappointed -- the head of the company Skyler -LRB- Joel Kinnaman -RRB- has ripped off the design and has no plans on paying them -LRB- his advice -- `` next time include a PDA '' -RRB- . The angry and disappointed duo end up clubbing where they meet Natalie -LRB- Olivia Tirlby -RRB- and Anne -LRB- Rachal Taylor -RRB- . The attack occurs while the four and Skyler are at the club . Everyone who comes into contact with the aliens are vaporized and the quintet are on the run for their survival.There 's all the best elements for a thriller here but the writers -LRB- including Jon Spaihts who worked on an early version of `` Prometheus '' -RRB- and director Chris Gorak -LRB- who directed a fascinating Indie thrillerRight at Your Doorwhere he does everything right that he gets wrong in this movie -RRB- do very little to develop the characters or the premise beyond your standard invasion movie . In fact `` The Darkest Hour '' borrows liberally from other recent invasion flicks -LRB- including Spielberg 's version of War of the Worlds -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -RRB- . The Blu-ray release of this looks extremely good . Shot on digital video it almost looks as good as film in terms of its presentation here.The 5.2 lossless soundtrack sounds terrific with strong presence but still maintaining clear dialogue.The special features are actually in some ways better than the feature film itself . `` Survivors '' a short film based in the same `` world '' manages to be a stronger examination of the same themes . `` Visualizing the Invasion '' gives us the behind-the-scenes nuts and bolts of creating the interesting visual effects used throughout the film.We also get deleted and extended scenes with commentary that gives us a bit of context as to why they were not used.Finally we get a feature length commentary track by the director focusing on everything the challenges of shooting for a 3D exhibition -LRB- knowing eventually it will be shown without the 3D effects as well -RRB- , shooting on location in Moscow and the various changes that were made to the script prior to shooting.It 's a pity that the director and writers did n't take a more unusual approach to the material as the premise itself it fascinating but it is developed into a VERY conventional invasion thriller with few surprises in the film . `` The Darkest Hour '' might be worth a rental -LRB- which is what I did -RRB- but I really could n't recommend purchasing it unless you temper your expectations and get it for a decent price .
 Special effects were the only redeeming part of this movie . Very boring story , terrible acting , terrible ending . Not worth renting .
 Been done before , then again what has ` nt , new what was going to happen before it did . It would be worth watching at 1.99
 IWe were expecting a bad movie , but still expected something better than we got ! They started making up technologies and did n't really explain anything . There were n't even enough decent action sequences !
 This movie was horrible . Absolutely horrible . Did I mention that the movie was horrible ? If I did not , it was . I can not believe that Amazon actually charged me for this . This was 100 times worse that the movies they let me watch for free via Prime .
 I would give it 1/2 star for the 3D effects and 2 stars for the movie . Since 3D DVDs are very limited at this time and a lot of them are animated -LRB- which I do n't really care for -RRB- , I bought this movie to try on my new 3D TV and was really disappointed with both the movie and the 3D effects . I found the story to be rather boring and not all that well put on film . The 3D effects were very limited and appeared to be poorly made from a 2D version .
 Uh-uh . No . Just keep looking . Pass this one by.Your family will disown you if you bring this movie home.It 's sad , but not on purpose.It smells like urine .
 characters had no purpose and a storyline did n't exist . I can buy a lot in a sci-fi/action film , I 'm not like some and complain about how things in action films could n't really happen , I just watch and try to enjoy , it 's created to entertain . This movie just did n't do that .
 The movie was one of the worst movie I 've seen and the 3D effect was not on point . I would not recommend it to a friend .
 Could have been a good movie , but it fell flat ! Aliens that you can not see ? Even then it could have made it if the ending was better .
 The Darkest Hour is a movie that should be left in the Dark . It 's story line is Dead . The special effects were the worst . The only thing I can see good about this movie was the ending . I can say save your money and do n't rent or buy this movie.The Darkest Hour
 This movie makes no sense at all and it seemed like the writers were just pulling plot point out of their butt . First the lights can go over water then at the end they wo n't cross water . Glass blinds them yet they have broken glass PLENTY of times to get to their target . Metal shark cages ... `` just work '' WTH ?!? So the lights can tear down buildings made of glass and metal yet these things are weaknesses whenever the writers need an excuse to keep the main characters alive for a while longer . One of the main characters is a douche bag who for some reason is able to say just the right thing that would make total strangers risk their lives for his whims.Example , he and his group get saved by some strangers , then they ask them to take them to the submarine that is just randomly waiting for any survivors . Of course the strangers would say no . However , he 's says `` What 's the point in saving people if you wo n't see them home . '' LOL !! yeah he actually says that and of course the strangers are fine with risking their lives just to escort them to their way out . Then they get to the sub and the man in charge is ready to leave ... naturally as the lights are coming and already destroyed another boat . The main guy begs and pleads about how * he * ca n't leave his girlfriend of three days and of course the NAVY soldier is okay with that and risk his sub and the lives of his crew for one girl.Then at the end the main douchebag character is with his girlfriend of three days on the sub with their steampunk like weapons looking over military maps like they are in charge . LOL ! All around stupid movie .
 The kills are cool , but after the first 5 you can turn it off . Microwave gun looks like Ghostbusters rip-off .
 bought this yesterday bc the previews lookd cool , when i started watching it i soon turned off the crappy 3d , and turnd on the 2d picture , wanted to see some 3d but first off this movie has the dreadful black lines on the top and bottom of the screen makin 3d watching so horrible to watch , just a crappy story , and crappy actors and doesnt tell you , how the aleins got here nor shows them beating them at the end , they just floated away in a sub . come on people and the aliens cant see you thru some glass , give me a break
 Dumb stupid trash . Another `` end of world wannabe '' This DVD should not have been sold for more than Five dollars at a dollar store . It has 3rd rate actors and the plot is so childish .
 Pel&iacute;cula con malas actuaciones , malos efectos visuales , p&eacute;simo gui&oacute;n.No la recomiendo , no vale la pena ni verla , menos comprarla .
 This could have been a really good movie , but felt simply like a rip off of every movie like it ...
 It 's an alien invasion ... again . This time the story is set in Moscow , where five young people including two Americans , Sean -LRB- Emile Hirsch -RRB- and Ben -LRB- Max Minghella -RRB- , struggle to survive after the massive attack from the invisible aliens . Co-produced by Timur Bekmambetov known for `` Night Watch '' and `` Wanted , '' `` The Darkest Hour '' has at least one good thing about it
 Not the best but creative . I do n't think I will watch it again . . But buying movies before seeing them is a risk .
 This was one of the worst movies of the year . When the setting is the ONLY thing that a movie has going for it , then you know the script has tanked.It may be mildly interesting the first time you see it . It 's flaws really show up when you see it a 2nd and 3rd time.Certainly not what I 'm looking for for my collection .
 I wo n't go into the level of detail as to who was in Darkest Hour nor who made it . I will tell you that in my , and my family 's opinion ... this film was bad . The effects were great up until the Aliens were actually revealed ... then they looked like a bad SyFy channel rendering.I loved the fact that it took place in Russia . The characters who seemed to be `` in the know '' as to how to avoid , and deal , with the aliens were too conveniently placed leaving the main cast really nothing to uncover for themselves . I would have much rather seen these people figure it out on their own ... vs hiding out in a bunker ... while others figured out everything before these people decided to come out of their cave.I realize that if the story followed the people who are in the thick of it all ... the ones who developed the `` Resistance '' and the `` electrician '' ... the budget goes up ... but , this is , or rather was an original idea ... and shudda been better.I will tell you this , as well , LOL I really wanted to like this film ! Maybe the sequel if there is one will do better , because you can only go up from here .
 This film is really terrible . On the plus side , it does cover most of the tourist areas in case you ever wanted to visit Moscow . On the minus side , it 's really a cut sequence from a video game but with even less character depth , logic and plot.Many reviewers here have done an excellent job in detailing the failures of this film . If I may be allowed to add a crowning failure to trump them all , it would be that the audience does not care about the characters at all . This film reminds me that although I did n't like Spielberg 's War of The Worlds or Abrams ' Cloverfield , they are basically much more professionally executed in every respect.There are some talented folk in the cast here and they wasted the opportunity . This film is flat-out boring , ridiculous and a repetitive version of better versions that have been before .
 This is an unfinished film with a few bright spots . If there were such a thing as 2.5 stars , that is where I would rate it . It is just a bit below average . This is an unfinished film it is as though they just ran out of money before they could finish the story . The story does n't conclude - it just stops in mid stream -LRB- quite literally in a sense -RRB- . I did not feel too robbed at the 3.99 I spent , I was very disappointed at how they just dropped the story at the end , but it is not without some entertainment value . This movie is much better than say a typical Syfy channel production . In fact that is how I would describe this movie - as a bigger budget SyFy Channel movie . If you like that sort of thing , you will enjoy this one .
 We were really looking forward to this one after seeing the previews which made it seem as if it was going to be a winner . There was very little 3d at all . The plot was so so . Was mostly a let down
 Like a made for TV movie . Wish I had my 2 hours back and could `` un '' watch it . Glad I only rented it .
 3d was blurry , dark and barely 3d . Rent or get the non 3d copy . Its a decent movie with a good idea but lacks in the actual story . I did n't care about the charecters which can ruin a movie quickly .
 do n't really know what to say about this other than the fact that this thing was horrible . Started of like a cheesy teen love movie and ended like , wellin not to sure because i fell asleep .
 What else can I say ? Acting was terrible . Script was terrible . Production was terrible . I 've not a good thing to say about this terrible movie .
 I want a refund . Another prime example of hollywood ripping us off . Then again this too is just another propaganda based flick to prepare us for the false flag invasion they are planning for the population via `` Project Blue Beam '' !
 This movie starts out great - but falls apart within the first 15 minutes - what could have been a great plot turns into a spaghetti bowl cheesy lines , trumped up hero scenes , and you see actors flipping charactor attributes almost on a whim - I 'd call it a bi-polar plot line - might have worked for the scene but you have to have charactor development - if I could get my $ 3.99 back I would - do n't waste yours on this movie ! THis is the type of movie they out on SciFy channel - late at night to fill in white space - wallpaper would be more enjoyable to watch !
 Because i 'm a 3d lover sometimes I can put up with a so-so plot if the 3d is good.This movie was bad in both areas.From boring aliens that were balls of energy that zapped you to death with rays , to terrible 3d , this is one you should n't waste your time or money on.This went in for a store credit towards another movie the next day.Should 've been titled `` The Darkest Hour 1/2 '' for time I wasted watching this nonsence .
 This movie was a complete waste of time . The plot was flimsy and so was the acting . I guess I should n't have been surprised , but the ending was horrible .
 The movie itself was OK , probably a 3 . Different take on the alien invasion theme . We have our HD movies run thru our Sony to our big screen tv . Sadly , we wo n't be purchasing anymore HD movies thru Amazon as for whatever reason the quality is not good . It really does not look anywhere close to HD . The last movie we tried to order HD we quit viewing 5 minutes into it and purchased on Dishnetwork and it was much better . I love Amazon but sadly there is a problem with us watching HD movies thru them . The regular movies actually look better than the HD .
 This movie is another flop . The acting was terrible , the writing was really bad . The entire thing was early poorly done . We felt ripped off for the few bucks we paid to rent this . Do n't waste your time .
 This movie was terrible !! So predictable . It could have been such a good concept too . Very disappointing . Save your money and skip this one .
 Whoever did the CGI for alien killing graphic did a great job . That is probably the main highlight of the movie . If you are very bored you may enjoy this movie . Unless that is the case be prepared for a weak plot , mediocre acting , and a very cheesy predictable story .
 couldnt get past the girls freaking out in typical girl fashion , pisses me off . the commercials really captured the best parts TT.TT
 This is allright , I watched it under prime so it was free and it was worth exactly what I paid for it and not a dime more
 waited a long time to buy this as some of the reviews were not so good . after i bought i realized i was glad to spend less the 10.00 price for it . its an okay story but that is n't totally what your buying . we were buying the 3d experience , and boy does not deliver . i own almost all 3d blu rays and this one ranksat the bottom
 Love alien movies , really like Emile Hirsch , REALLY like Max Minghella ... and can even check my brain at the door and just enjoy a fairly stupid action or sci-fi flick , when need be -LRB- see ` Cowboys & Aliens ' -RRB- - but this one strained both credibility AND my nerves . Weak writing and performances - along with a very rushed film that took no time for either story or character development - make for a tough watch , even at barely an hour and a half .
 The story has potential , but never took off in the movie . The acting was not great and the movie just has too many sterotypes in it that makes it lose any credibility . I was disappointed watching this in the theaters . Better to watch it on cable than to pay for it .
 All good with the Seller , no problem there . but the movie we watched last night and it sucked , terrible movie , story wise , 3D wise was fine , they just needed to put in more action , actually , our company fell asleep on the couch and it took everything we had to sit thru the movie and watch it awww it was an awful movie !
 36 hours have passed since I watched The Darkest Hour and I am still trying to find something decent to say about this movie ; unfortunately I can not . The beginning of the movie kinda reveals the thrill level of the entire movie -- boring . At first , I thought perhaps it might be like Cloverfield -LRB- which was , surprisingly , a good sci fi movie , slow start , great finish -RRB- but it was not . If you do not mind watching a movie with low budget special effects , tons of unanswered questions , and rather average to poor actors , this movie is for you ; however while watching , I suggest you sit comfortably and have a fluffy pillow handy cause your gon na need it .
 Bad start of a dumb , factually incorrect , and does n't make a bit of sense opening scene of a star map with little Pacman dashes moving across it and making 2D 90 degree turns . Another cheap ripoff of the recently popular scenes of aliens slowing descending in mass numbers onto Earth to wreck havoc . Another cheap ripoff of the vamp movie genre CGI showing people disintegrating into swirling ashes . Dumb physics that would embarrass a high school science student . A cheap prop of something called a microwave gun that was probably borrowed from '50s scifi . Surprisingly , the quickest/easiest solution in killing the aliens , shown at the beginning , was to throw some booze on them - specifically it 's the alcohol , and they self immolate . The usual scattered cars and other trash on the streets . The usual small enclaves of humans fighting to the end and the usual submarine waiting to rescue some survivors.Overall - bad acting , bad dialogue , cheap knockoff writing , bad CGI .
 This film was a terrible disappointment , mainly as I expected much more than what it was.The story itself is probably passable for a movie . Some Americans in Moscow are caught up with aliens invading Earth for its mineral . Nothing terribly original in the story . Although I thought some of the lines of dialogue were interesting.So it is all up to the characterization , acting and the filming to make the movie something . Unfortunately , nothing like this happened . I did not think any of the characters were particularly interesting . The acting was poor as was the filming .
 **** contains some spoilers ***** I watched this movie , after seeing how `` cool '' the previews were however ... do NOT think for ONE minute this movie will be good ... it was horrid . I mean , a week hiding and no one grows facial hair , nor does the dead body give off a bad odor ... ? Come on ... the movie was made in a rush , everything crammed into it to make it seem worthwhile . They make dumb choices throughout the entire movie that people facing actual extinction would definitly not make . It is VERY predicatble and about 45 minutes in , I was checking to see how much longer the movie was ... I mean , another issue was the guy and his girlfriend fall into the water , and when he comes up he can not find her , then when he climbs onto the submarine , a flare comes up , and she is ten blocks away on land ... What the heck ?!?!? As I said , this is NOT WORTH YOUR TIME OR MONEY !!!!
 It 's one thing these days to be bombarded with great looking CGI laden effects movies at the multiplex , but Chris Gorak 's `` The Darkest Hour '' is something else , the CGI that this movie relies so heavily on is bad , it 's not cheesy fun bad , it 's just real bad . Every year it seems one of these type of C-grade shlock escapes and hides in the movie houses , in 2010 it was a little cinematic turd called `` Skyline '' , in 2011 it 's `` The Darkest Hour . '' You may know these types , then again if your lucky or just smart , maybe not , these are the kind of movies with tawdry special effects and poor scripts which you would n't watch on the Syfy Channel for free , let alone shell out some hard earned greenbacks for.The movie just plain looks awful , not just the poor effects , but bad editing , a static camera and some poor lighting do n't help . The script by Jon Spaights , from a story by Spaights , Leslie Bohem and M.T. Ahern , is so paper thin that you could be forgiven for believing the actors are just running around shooting at things or running away from things without the benefit of having any script to follow , this is one of those movies they edit more than they direct . The cast is mostly capable , Emile Hirsh , who 's career seems to still be reeling from the flop that was `` Speed Racer '' a few years back , Olivia Thirlby , so good in `` Juno '' , and Max Minghella do the best they can with these flat , uninspired , one-dimensional characters , who you do n't even particularly like . The late George C. Scott used to say that the way to judge good acting was by the joy the actor has in his performance , these kinds of movies live or die by their standards of fun and these actors are having no fun , there is no joy to their performances.This is the kind of movie that does n't get screened for film critics in advanced , in fear that people actually listen to film critics and do n't see bad movies , fat chance . I know this because it 's listed on the Darkest Hours 's IMDb page under trivia , as though the filmmakers and/or distributor of this movie are proud of it , then again , I suppose that may be the most interesting thing about this turkey . I do n't want to say anymore , I have already wasted too much of my life on `` The Darkest Hour '' , but one thing I know is that I had no fun here , not a minute , not a moment , not a second of enjoyment , I left with a headache . However , just like the surviving characters of this movie , and possibly the actors and filmmakers , I feel like I survived an ordeal.Check out my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
 I would have preferred to have sat in the DARKEST closet instead of watched this piece of garbage . Go towards the light and forget this one .
 I like 3D and have watched the majority of 3D movies available on bluray . This one is one of the worst released to-date . The only positive things I can say is that its computer graphics is well made -LRB- although it lacks 3D focus -RRB- , and that the Russians are not shown as morons or as enemies . Everything else in the movie is bad . The plot is primitive and details are not too believable -LRB- especially technical details -RRB- . Acting is average at best , if not plain bad . 3D is below average to average , and the worst of all is that extensive computer graphics which the movie is filled with does not take advantage of it . The ending leaves you feel disappointed - it feels like the script writer , who did not have too many novel ideas to begin with , completely ran out of them by the end . With all this , you end up with a sub-par movie with a lot of graphical violence and noise and very little of anything else .
 I was half expecting the Russians to yell `` Wolverines ! '' when they were shooting the `` aliens '' . Who walks around with a jacket made of keys ? Did he just have that laying around ? What is the moment when one realizes , Yea ! the Aliens ca n't kill me if I make a sweater vest of keys ! And bye the way if the alien apocalypse happens in your part of town , do n't worry , because any random guy in a submarine can whip you up an extra Microwave gun in about 3 to 4 minutes ... . y' know to kill an alien or cook some hot-pockets .
 I have to give it to them , the action was good at the beginning of the movie . But they did n't keep me interested . I do n't know if it was the story line or what . I started going to sleep before I got half way in the movie . I hate that because I thought this was going yo be a great movie . : - -LRB-
 I enjoy a good post-apocalyptic sci-fi flick . The key in that phrase is `` good . '' This one is garbage -- nothing unique in a niche of the genre that is growing a little tired -LRB- the post-apocalyptic stuff -RRB- . This wants to be a nuanced Independence Day , but it 's nothing even close -- forgettable characters , forgettable aliens , nothing compelling about the plot , and cheesy dialogue at every corner . The story revolves around a hopeless trudge through a alien-infested wasteland , and that 's exactly what I felt like I 'd accomplished when the credits rolled .
 Was surprising and good but could have used a little more suspense and action to keep the people inthralled and more attached . But is an ok watch.The Darkest Hour
 well this movie we thought might be a good one to add to our 3D collection -- Sorry but we will probably never watch this again -- It is not exciting and the dvd had some delays during the 3D version - Save your money and just rent it , if you have to see it .
 This movie was only ok . It does not have an ending !!! leaves you hanging and wondering why they would make a movie that is unresolved .
 The movie `` The Darkest Hour '' is a new movie on an old subject . Aliens come down to take over the world and get beat.The acting was good and not as fake as other movies on the same subject . I watched it through Amazon Instant Videos but did not buy the DVD or Blueray.I know there will be some people who will have a better opinion on this movie but it was not one that I would want to have around all the time .
 The Darkest Hour -LRB- Blu-ray 3D -RRB- was a disappointment . Even my husband , who was REALLY looking forward to this release , only rated it three out of five . I would definitely recommend you simply rent this one !
 Its obvious were most of the money was spent . Can we say cheap CG effects ! But even more insulting , the CG was of a basic format , as scene on the Sci-fi Channel.The actors they had in this movie were horrible . What killed the movie was a lame ingredient of young stupid college -LRB- 20 -RRB- twenty something 's , turned commando to distroy the alien invaders . The script in its entirety , is actual a great idea and concept . The idea was blown by poor acting , poor cast selection , poor effects , and the college party crap . The only thing that carried this movie is the CG effects and even that was cheap . Lastly , as for the aliens , they should have never revealed what they looked like , because the alien design was very cheesy , like something you would see on the Sci-fi channel.Dont buy this movie , its best to rent it . Thanks
 it was &#34; ok &#34; . those people had good intentions but could have done everything they were doing without their corney names and costumes.surprised they dont get beat up more .
 Too bad there are no ZERO stars . . This `` thing '' would get it.OK , Parker WAS working for Elvis and so on.But apart from that , which is extremely minor , WHAT is this thing doing under `` Elvis Presley '' when you search for new Elvis Presley DVD 's ? Amazon sure had a strange way to put things together.Go ahead try it
 Too bad there are no ZERO stars . . This `` thing '' would get it.OK , Parker WAS working for Elvis and so on.But apart from that , which is extremely minor , WHAT is this thing doing under `` Elvis Presley '' when you search for new Elvis Presley DVD 's ? Amazon sure had a strange way to put things together.Go ahead try it
 Ted Daniels -LRB- Cameron Mitchell -RRB- captures , tames and trains a special wild horse that he names Gallant Bess . When Ted gets injured and incapacitated , Bess is stolen from him and he has to decide whether to pursue her - or to stay where he is a pursue the doctor 's lovely daughter -LRB- Audrey Long -RRB- instead . Adventures of Gallant Bess is not to be confused with the more popular , better-remembered Gallant Bess , a movie that was released in 1947 . This movie is an OK Western , but not the horse movie you may be hoping for -LRB- Gallant Bess , the other one , is about a soldier who finds a horse during WW2 -RRB- . Staci Layne Wilson
 I ordered a new DVD , but the one I received has finger print all over it and it was obviously an used and copied version .
 I chose this video because I thought the trailer was hilarious . Sadly , the trailer was the only part of the movie that was remotely entertaining . The movie degenerates into slapstick bathroom humor and masturbation jokes .
 The movie itself was pretty boring and dumb , not much of a background story or a very good story line . And the quality of this video was terrible , my led ever looked so bad .
 It was a neat concept , awkward pacing and some jokes that did n't quite come off well pull it down . Worth a rental .
 Did n't even watch a third of this movie til I turned it off . I felt that it was kind of disguting ! Maybe you will enjoy it more than I did !!
 The banter between characters seemed forced . There were a few cringe-worthy moments , but overall ... not worth the money or the 5 star reviews .
 I thought because I loved Beerfest and Super Troopers so much that I 'd like this one too . Not so . Definitely pass . Neither my husband or I thought it was funny in the slightest .
 Barely a B movie , this waist of time and money is unwatchably bad . A few good laughf cant save this one .
 I had read the write up on this and was happy to view it on TV BUT had to give up halfway through , where she realises something is wrong . Instead of calling the police like anyone else in the same situation she starts climbing on very unsteady trash bins -LRB- of the metal variety -RRB- to get a look inside the house , that and she 's wearing very high heels and a short dress . Knowing the bins will go over and the bad guy will hear her -LRB- which he does -RRB- she carries on climbing , she is so stupid it 's beyond belief . I just gave up watching this dross then , I mean come on , people do n't do this - unless they either have a death wish or are really really stupid.Personally I would not pay to have my intelligence insulted by this trash , it really is a waste of money to watch such dire nonsense .
 As the big studios make fewer and fewer legitimate dramas , it was heartwarming to see this indy drama take up big themes in a serious , even earnest , way . -LRB- As both a writer and a survivor of the suicide of my brother I was also personally interested in how the filmmakers would depict the emotional/psychological arc of grief-to-acceptance . -RRB- I applaud the filmmakers courage in dealing with suicide , grief , and the artistic process , but I just do n't think the writer and director were up to the task which they set for themselves.You 've heard of a `` noble failure '' ? Well , I would call `` Shrink '' `` failed nobility '' . The structure of the film is a `` Crash '' - type ensemble of disparate characters making connections as the film progresses . This is a delicate and vulnerable style and I do n't think the filmmakers hid the contrivances of plot very well . When one of the key plot points involves a lost script and who -- in all of Los Angeles -- finds it , the manipulations were bald and obvious . -LRB- Also , I was n't counting , but there were 4 or 5 montage sequences which , again , felt painfully manipulative and artistically hollow . -RRB- The characters inched very close to cliche many times -LRB- eg . the alcoholic Irish actor , the obsessive-compulsive agent , the sex-addict middle-aged actor . etc -- and this is `` serious '' drama ? -RRB- , but the acting is excellent -LRB- particularly the agent and the young girl -RRB- . However the depth of thought in dialogue and action that the film clearly thinks it is evoking just is n't there . -LRB- Just because you quote Kierkegaard and Mailer does n't mean you know or , even more importantly , convey their wisdom in your art form . And did anyone tell poor Gore Vidal he was in a film that name-drops Mailer ? -RRB- Also , the 3rd Act `` Let 's All Make A Movie '' happy ending -LRB- `` cinema ex machina '' anyone ? -RRB- , in my opinion , simply was n't earned by the film . It was as if somebody lifted the cloud and , suddenly , all the grieving and self-destructive behavior stopped and everyone was bequeathed happiness . This rarely works work even in fables , let alone in a psychologically realist drama where depicting the process of how hurt turns into healing is the magic of art.Again , I was rooting for this film , but , in the end , it felt like it was conceived by very smart , talented , ambitious and well-educated adolescents unable to fully comprehend the existential demands of adulthood -LRB- or even the artist , for that matter -RRB- . Maybe next time .
 Six vignettes revolve , seemingly at random , around the central character of a clinical psychologist who is depressed , drug addicted , and highly unethical . With a focus on `` the biz '' , we follow an agent , a male and a female film star , a valet who wants to be a screenwriter , a drug pusher who supplies several of them with their daily fix , and a disturbed girl who likes to view movies . This self absorbed narcissistic type of film could only be made about Hollywood , but for someone who is not in `` the biz '' it 's all very depressing and uninteresting.The deadly dull topic is not helped by poor performances from virtually everyone involved , although some space needs to be given to Robin Williams who is far worse than most . At least Kevin Spacey does n't chew up the scenery , as he has in some other films -LRB- e.g. , `` Casino Jack '' , `` Swimming with Sharks '' -RRB- . The film is directed by Jonas Pate whose main credits are TV . Thomas Moffett is the writer and he plays a writer in the film -LRB- how original ! -RRB- . This was his second time out as a writer/actor , and while the writing is terrible , he 's not a bad actor and puts in one of the better performances in what is otherwise a clearly unenthusiastic bunch.The film has 7 producers , which is almost always a red flag . Lukas Ettlin handles the photography , which is up to the standard of the acting . The only thing worse than the script , acting , and photography is the audio , which at times is completely incomprehensible . On second thought , maybe that 's not a fault with this particular flick.I ca n't tell you how many times I thought about turning this off , but I was compelled by the belief that something this bad had to have an ending that was really good and would somehow redeem the entire film . After all , many of the talents associated with the film have a good track record . Alas , redemption never arrives .
 The actors are good but the script does n't allow them to do much . Like many viewers have already stated , the plot is shallow and you see everything coming including the ending . It 's just a movie for the brain dead . I would actually give it two stars , but the overall score is too high . Many more one star reviews are needed to bring the rating down to where it should be .
 Opens with a reasonably appealing concept and impressive characterizations , but quickly degenerates into a mindless , boring and empty shell marked by agonizing boredom and meaninglessness . You could say that I did n't care very much for this unwatchable film .
 Three words
 A good cast is undone by a `` seen it , been there '' script and heavy-handed direction . The script is peopled with familiar stereotypes - the Hollywood analyst who needs treatment as much as his patients because he can not deal with his own grief following his wife 's suicide ; the troubled teen ; the various neurotic Hollywood types . The main problem is that too many characters are introduced who remain undeveloped , so that they seem to be just filling space . Having many of them cross each other 's paths has become cliched since Crash , and the ending where everyone suddenly seems to come to terms with his/her problems is just an insult to the audience . A disappointment .
 I do n't know what movie `` zombie junkie '' watched , this movie is `` COOLER '' -LRB- his words -RRB- than SAW -LRB- the highest grossing horror franchise ever -RRB- and hostel ?! Horrible actors , james dumont made me want to take the dvd out and smash it . Terrible . It 's a tired premise , and is on par with Captivity . BAD MOVIE
 And that 's about the extent of it . It was not pulse-pounding , riveting , or terrifying in any way , except that I was stuck watching another low-budget mess that could have been presented better if only some talent and creativity were involved in the process . The characters and dialogue were unbelievable , and my heaving sighs of great discontent failed to move the film along any faster . The psychological aspects of the characters ' encounters bored me , and I felt myself drawn to meaningless minutiae to stay awake . `` You know , '' I say to the Significant Other , `` She ca n't lay down in that tall crate , and that 's the sort of thing they do to torture POW 's in camps . He does care for her , and she would be in agony by now . '' Really . I read about these sorts of things . `` And how come her makeup is still fresh ? I look like a sewer rat if I have n't showered in two days , and she looks great . I wonder if it 's the shampoo I 'm using ? Look at those jars , now that 's kind of cool . You know , he 'd be feeding her pizza and take-out ; men like that really are n't into cooking . `` Finally the movie crawls to a predictable end - `` Oh , look what happened ! Now , what are the odds of that ? Hmmmm ? '' I am now trapped in a crate of my own , unable to justify the time and energy spent watching this movie . Sighhhhhh ...
 Yay , another movie that 's based on long loving shots of women being tortured and murdered . Where 's the suspense ? The movie substitutes gore for plot , predictability for originality , and has no surprises to offer . Big whoop . There was no plot to speak of , it was boring and sadistic , and the ending was no surprise . Sheesh . That 's ninety minutes of my life I wasted.I wish I could give this negative stars .
 This is not one of Fred 's better efforts , the dancing is so so and Rita Hayworth is among his poorest dance partners . Lacks the glamor and sex appeal of the Astaire/Rogers films . In spite of these shortcomings the film is worth watching .
 New Yorkers might find much to dislike about this movie , which hails as its moment of truth the starta through which gentrification is rooted in the Lower East Side of New York City . Non-New Yorkers will not be compelled to see much of anything in the movie as well , where Joel Rose 's novel is translated into a script just as off beat and loud , rather excessively so , dismissing any `` politics '' -LRB- in the more humble sense of the term -RRB- , any ethnic falvor , any whimsical characters or traditional ties that keep New York 's tension well-taut . Problem is the movie attempts to build its narrative so as to evolve unto such themes and it fails miserably , in a stilted , uncompromisingly cartoonish portrait that has hardly any laughter to incite while it does all it can to tickle the psychosis of a city in flux . The young married couple -LRB- David Krumholts and Clara Bellar -RRB- represent a third generation Jewish New Yorker and a new Easter European illegal immigrant who seeks marriage for papers . The proposition becomes unexplicably a romance that crawls through the scene of a lower East Side tenement . The husband contends with an array of characters that over-engage the neurotic tendencies of ethnic groups , phobias thereby elicited , and consummate ethical equivocations . Nothing in this movie has redemptive properties and its aweful mess only clears up at the end when you feel like asking for your tme back . Independent films on this scene have been very effective as of late , `` Raising Victor Vargas '' , `` Real Women Have Curves '' , `` Washington Heights '' , `` Kids '' , `` Manito '' , `` All Night Bodega '' and `` Bella '' confront similar issues without claiming to trace the historical steps that expose stunted growth within a narrative premise , with abundantly more success . Not to mention the fact that the here reviewed movie fails in the while . Not a fun watch , not an instructive one , acted by mediocre talents -LRB- with the exception of Jon Budinoff as Carlos ' son and Paul Calderon as Carlos -RRB- and an abnoxious survey into the `` soul of New York '' , the characters that color the city and the New York personality that surfaces as they struggle to stay afloat . The representation of Jews all the more is very didactic and listless , vapid and tame , whereas the poverty of the protagonists is unfortunately comparable to that of the movie itself which Indigent put out in good faith . This turns out to be one of their least successful projects amidts a slew of exceptional ones . The topic of gentrification deserves a better voice than either the movie or the novel have been able to echo in such a hollow application .
 The first singles ward was entertaining . This one felt like is was done by a bunch of friends on a Saturday afternoon . It was really , really bad . I ended up turning it off .
 The first Single 's Ward movie was one of my favorite movies of all times . It was absolutely hillarious ! I have also seen RM , Home Teachers and other good LDS comedies . This movie really disappointed me . It was n't funny at all . I knew that sequels are almost always a let down but I was n't prepared to be let down this much . I am just grateful I did n't buy it ~
 the movie was good but this copy is very bad you can get a better copy watching tv
 Just caught most of this movie on television . It 's a stewardess movie from the early 50s . Kept waiting for something to happen ... anything , anything at all . I finally gave up and started channel surfing for something better . Boring , boring , boring .
