 I bought this software for my 5 year old . He has a couple of the other RH software games and he likes them a lot . This game , however , was too challenging for him . The biggest problem I see is that the game requires the child to be able to maneuver the vehicle using all 4 scroll keys on the keyboard . During one exercise , which by the way you ca n't get to the next level until you complete this exercise , the game requires that you use the keys to move while watching out for falling lava rocks and clouds , monitor a fuel gauge , watch arrow indicators that help you determine where objects are in the arena below , and watch a scope that shows animals when you 're hovering over the top of them.I tried to perform this exercise myself and got frustrated . It 's just too hard to expect even a 7 year old to complete this exercise let alone a 5 year old.There are some exercises he can complete himself but they mostly require using the left , right keys.I do n't know who this game would be good for . Parts of it would be too easy for someone 7 or older . Yet some parts are too difficult for those younger than that .
 I got this for my 4 year old son because he really likes Rescue Heroes and it sounded like it would have some adventures for him.What the description does n't tell you is that you ca n't pick which activities you want to play . You have to complete one part before you can go to the next which just does n't make sense for this age group . There are certain parts he has no interest in or are too challenging so he gets frustrated and ca n't get to play the parts he does enjoy . The graphics for the different rescues are very basic and each time you go through the sequence it 's exactly the same stuff , so even if he could do it I think it would get boring fast . The only reason I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is that my son has enjoyed watching it -LRB- while I play it -RRB- . If you 're looking for something your child can do easily by themselves without getting frustated - do n't get it . Almost all of the play involves using the arrow keys instead of the mouse . If your child has no problem with the arrow keys , he might not have trouble .
 It clearly says on line this will work on a Mac OS system . The disk comes and it does not , only Windows . Do Not order this if you have a Mac !!!!!!!
 My three year old son was very excited to get this but after two attempts at playing it has n't been touched since . You are not able to use the mouse through any of the games except for the `` power-up segments '' instead you are using the up-down arrows on the keyboard - too hard for him and not much fun . Very disapointed with this game and wish I could return it .
 This game makes you do the same things over and over , it never holds my son 's attention long enough to get to the next level . There is no choice of games you have to do every thing in order . We have another Rescue Heroes game and both my boys 3 and 6 love it , but this one is a dog !
 This game requires quicktime 5.0 to work ... if you have a better version of quicktime -LRB- I have 7.5 -RRB- , it will ask you to install the quicktime available on the CD ... if you click no , it will not let you play . So , I begrudgingly clicked yes on the third try , and it installed quicktime 5 , THEN it tells me to please install the quicktime available on the disc . It KEPT telling me that , even after I uninstalled my version of quicktime 7.5 , and reinstalled Barbie Rapunzel and quicktime 5 . Very frustrating , and the game absolutely will not work for me . It keeps telling me over and over , to install quicktime 5 , tho I 've been through the installation process repeatedly . It is NOT my `` operating system limitations '' . This is a brand new computer ... merely weeks old with all the state of the art contraptions .
 ... My daughter and I loved the movie . She is 5 years old and it took her 2 hours to complete the game . Absolutely no challenge , and very little interaction . It is essentially just clicking on the screen to make it play the 7 or 8 scenes it has programmed . There are no games to play , nothing to figure out , nothing to do . Save your money .
 My 6-year old daughter is currently sobbing in her bedroom as a result of this rotten game.She spent an hour on this game painting in pretty pictures and coloring in flowers . But halfway through the game , the program hung , and would n't let us leave the room or click anywhere else . Now even if we exit the game and then start it back up , we are frozen in one spot while Barbie 's disembodied voice urges us to `` explore somewhere else in the castle . `` Standard software troubleshooting and rebooting did n't help . Vivendi Games ' support site is `` currently disabled . '' And now I 'm left with a weeping , frustrating child who does n't understand that it is not her fault that her game wo n't work . I 'm hoping it was just incompetent software programming that could n't catch the bug my 6-year old caught the first time around . Or maybe they just do n't care about the problems , so long as you get our 20 bucks . If you do n't want a crying little girl , avoid this game !
 DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM IF YOU HAVE A MACINTOSH !!! It ONLY runs on `` Classic OS 9 '' , which is an operating system over 8 years old . It does NOT run on OS X at all . A HUGE disappointment and clearly false advertising ! Also , the company , BSL Mart , is very difficult to contact . There is no phone number , you can only send them e-mails . Also , the return slip was already peeled off on the packaging slip , so it is obvious that someone else already returned it and BSL Mart just slapped it right back in the package and shipped it off again anyway without even looking at it . My 5-year old daughter was so upset -- we had ordered this as a reward for her good behavior as well as doing her chores and the game is so out-dated it wo n't even work on a Mac OS 10.3.9 - the Panther version , which was the lowest operating system we could find . PATHETIC . I also placed this in dispute with my Visa card company , and they did put it in dispute but also informed me that in order for it to stick I have to get a `` second opinion letter '' from a `` qualified merchant '' who knows about video games ! So I HAVE TO DO THE LEGWORK TO GET THIS $ -LSB- ... -RSB- removed from my bill - not BSL Mart ! You talk about furious . I will never do business with them again . I also will never purchase a game from Amazon unless the ad SPECIFICALLY states hat it will run on a CURRENT operating system . -LRB- DUH ?! -RRB- If there had been a phone number to call before I purchased it I would have but there is none . SAD .
 This game is pretty exciting and it is very nice and it is really creative and one of a kind . The only bad thing is that there is only one `` castle '' for the kids to `` decorate '' and once you are done with the whole castle that is basically it . You either have to create a new username for yourself to do it all over again or you get another game like I did . My sister finished the `` castle '' in about 2 hours and after that has never even looked at this game anymore . It is a nice game and it is fun but it is not really worth that much money .
 NEGATIVE
 fun easy game if you can keep it from freezing . I 've reinstalled it and done everything I know to do to correct the issue . It 's a shame my 4yr old really likes it .
 Outrun was the biggest disappointment of my holidays.If you 've just come home from a life in 1985 you might enjoy this . I read the reviews before buying but it did n't sink in what Arcade style meant . I am an addicted follower of Colin MacRea rally and thought to race a ferrari across the US would be cool . I was wrong . The games is to car racing what space invaders is to `` Battlefield '' . The landscape moves instead of the car and you have these idiotic stages like impress your girlfriend with how many slides you can do . Total rubbish . Not anyones fault but mine , but I live in Ireland and got it shipped through Florida so it is a costly mistake .
 My daughter wanted this for a few months before I finally gave in and bought it for her . She was so excited . We got home and played it for one hour hoping that something different or better would happen . The game was so so boring . You get to choose music , outfits , and which of the three skaters to skate . That is IT . Everything else is controlled automatically by the game . Barbie does everything perfectly whether you do or not . My daughter has n't played it since and is so disapointed in it . The store I bought it from wo n't let me return it because it has been opened . They will let me exchange it for the exact same game but hello that is the problem . This game was a waste of time and money .
 My daughter -LRB- almost four -RRB- begged for this game all holiday season . It was the sweetest thing , because she shyly told Santa this is what she wanted , and told people all December that Santa would bring it for her . Well , he did , and his reputation is tarnished in our house now!She was bored with it the first time she played with it . Your child 's interaction consists of choosing which girl of three to skate -LRB- fun -RRB- , choosing which outfit of five to wear -LRB- fun -RRB- and pressing the up or down arrow to make Barbie skate faster or slower to do the jumps -LRB- zzzz -RRB- . Not by your own choice , you move the arrow to match the color of the line on the ice.Freestyle mode was n't much better -- go ` round and ` round in circles . There may be more to it but who cares at this point?My own personal mommy beef
 I did n't buy this game , becuase I can tell by the pictures that Barbie has very bad skating technique -LRB- see below -RRB- . This game is not for kids who want to have fun while seeing a good skating program.Pictures on Amazon1 -RRB- Box picture -- I ca n't tell whether or not Barbie is stroking or doing a bad spiral ? Either her leg is too high if she is stroking , or her body and leg are not in the right position if she is doing a spiral .2 -RRB- Layback -- Although it 's hard to see , it looks like Barbie might be spinning on her toe pick .3 -RRB- Split jump -- Barbie does not have enough skating muscle for the jump . She is also not kicking her boots up.Pictures on vugames -LRB- makers of the game -RRB- 1 -RRB- Stroking -- Barbie 's body is crooked . She does n't have her weight over her stroking leg , and her body is leaning to the side . I 've never seen anyone stroke like this .
 My daughter received this cd for Christmas . It is very slow loading lots of wait time for things to happen . When she finally chose the skater and where she should skate -LRB- only one choice worked -RRB- , my daughter kept asking what she could do now . Most of the time we were watching Barbie skate beautifully . Not very interactive . I consider this a waste of space on my computer , a waste of time for us to use . I would recommend saving your money and get something worthwhile .
 In the words of my 6 year old niece
 Like many of the Barbie CD Roms , the playtime is limited - averaging about 5 mins for each of my two daughters -LRB- ages 5 & 7 -RRB- . Like the Barbie movies and other CD Roms the graphics are poorly done .
 I bought this for my 4 year old 's birthday . While I think the graphics are really great , the concept stinks . My daughter told me she thinks it is boring -LRB- and she LOVES Barbie -RRB- and last night she even said she hates it ! At least my 15 month old screams with delight at the graphics when her older sister plays with it .
 I bought this game because I am a figure skating fan and found the Barbie Gymnastics to be well done , so I thought that this would be too . It was an absolute waste of money . The graphics are awful and the game play is far too simplistic . There is nothing to strive for in the game and it is too easy to pass onto the next level . I ca n't imagine a child above the age of 3 or 4 getting any enjoyment from this game .
 This is the WORST CD-ROM game I have ever seen ! My 7-year-old daughter longed for this game all Christmas season and she is bored out of her mind with it after one hour . It is slow , skippy , etc. running on a new computer ! Do n't waste your money like we did , skip right over this dud .
 I actually got the oem version of this game with my soundcard a number of years ago . I do n't remember too many issues running the game , and it looked good enough for me . The sound design and voiceover and music and what not , all that stuff was passable , though nothing to brag about by my standards . Even the story was good enough I guess . And for all of that stuff the game sounds decent and I would have played through it . However , the main problem with this game is a very serious issue . It looks fine yea , but its completely unplayable . The framerate was fine on my pc however the the controls on this game as well as the camera are completely and utterly intolerably bad . There might be a few people who can play it but I do n't know anyone like that . the directional keys control your character from their perspective only , it does n't care what direction Lara is looking or what direction the camera is viewing things , it still moves her according to her orientation , which is incredibly aggravating , also the camera is sometimes sluggish or hypersensitive , which is horrible and usually gives a bad angle resulting in me making guesses and blind jumps . Also whenever your in a firefight , good luck as you must align Lara perfectly with an enemy before the autoaim function activates and allows you to shoot them , move slightly and the lock is lost ... you might be interested to know that your enemy does n't have this problem and allows you no mercy . Some Lara fans might like the game , but I strongly suggest against playing as no matter how cool it may seem , an unplayable game is still unplayable and unplayable games are terrible by definition . Also , if anyone wants a reference point as to the aggravation factor , I actually punched my old crt in sheer aggravation and i think probably caused real damage to my hand and my monitor seems a bit skewed now too but i have an lcd now anyway , but ouch stay away from this game.This game might of been decent , but to do so they would of required alot more time to develop it and the controls and camera need to be thrown in the trash and remade from scratch . So yea I think I 've rambled enough and made my point pretty clear , only buy this game for someone you hate , and even then do n't spend more than like 10 dollars , as even for a gag gift or whatever thats pushing the max of what the game is worth , for personal pleasure , its not worth one dime . Sorry to be insulting to the product but I 'm completely serious its terrible . Now I must return to far better games now ...
 The developers at Eidos really blew it this time . The game is so full of bugs it makes me sick . First of all , the box says nothing about laptop compatability problems , but upon checking the Eidos tech support page , you learn that they wo n't support laptop systems.Anyways , I installed the software on my desktop . The game crashes every several minutes . I have installed all of the newest drivers and my computer excedes the recommended hardware profile in every way . Gameplay is tolerable , but nowhere near as good as I had hoped it would be . In fact , Chronicles was more fun and was more of a challenge.I ended up returning the game because it is not only not worth the money , but it is also a waste of time . If you do take the gamble , make sure you buy this game from a store that accepts software returns . Good luck !
 I was so looking forward to Tomb Raider
 Wow , am I gullible . I read all the other bad reviews about slow game play , glitches , and an awkward Laura . I thought , no , it ca n't be that bad ; after all , it 's Tomb Raider , and they 've all been a lot of fun . Big mistake . First , the levels are boring ! No surprises at all , and while there is a lot of area to explore there is n't much going on at all . There are about 1000 doors that do n't do anything , so I 'm stopping at all these pointless doors . There are also several timed puzzles where you only have 30 seconds or so to do something , which was fun and challenging in the previous episodes , but with such lousy controls its frustrating as heck to make her do what she needs to do.Second , the controls are horrible . Laura does a few new things , like climb things by herself , but its annoying not helpful . The movement is slow , even on a fast computer , like driving a car with both front tires gone flat . You press the button and wait around for her to start moving . I have noticed that if you start moving forward while trying to turn , she starts off walking , which is horrible when trying to line up a jump.Third , it looks like the developers went to great length to do away with the square world Laura was living in before . The result , however , is that you never know if you 'll make a jump , and the vertical distances are horribly distorted.Fourth , the camera is unbearable . When Laura is close to a wall preparing to leap to another ledge , for example , it 's very common to be looking at the top of her head . There are numerous times when the camera wo n't realign on its own or even if you try to force it . More than once , I was looking at Laura from the front , and the camera was on the ledge she needed to jump to.Fifth , the glitches are embarrassing . If car manufactures tried to get away with shipping a product that worked okay most of the time , people would freak out and manufactures would be scrambling to improve the product or just go out of business . Laura stands in mid air , gets stuck to walls , and when I try to quit the game , half the time it hangs and I have to power down and restart . I know its possible to make games without glitches.Like the other reviewer I found myself screaming at the computer . If the game were fun , it would be easier to forgive the glitches , but its just boring . It 's just going through the motions , not playing . Please , buy it used if you have to own it , but do n't say I did n't warn you . The one good thing is that you can play from the hard drive . Makes me wonder why so many are available used , hmmm?Thanks for reading
 I , like a lot of people writing reviews , play a lot of first person shooters . If you liked Splinter Cell , buy TRAOD USED !!! I agree with everyone here ... story is good , controls are less than mediocre . Even Enter the Matrix blew this game away . Customizing the keyboard helps some , but less than what I expected . I tried to leave feedback for EIDOS , but to no avail . Hopefully , if there is another one it will be in beta for a lot longer . And for those of you out there who think that it might be my pc , I can assure you that is NOT the case .
 I was so excited to get the game , but when they kept pushing back the release date it annoyed me . When it finally came out i was so happy . After i recieved the game I started playing it . Not far into the the game i noticed acouple gliches in the game . I didnt think anything of it . Until i was reading a walk though -LRB- i was stuck in the Pawn Shop -RRB- and i noticed that the walk though would tell you when there would be a `` bug '' I also noticed on other sites they would do that to . so I continued to play and kept expereice `` bugs '' Well once i was in the Lourve Drains , I let my -LRB- 5 yrs -RRB- brother play for a few minutes i sat there with him to make sue he didnt hit anything he shouldnt have . Well we entered the Lourvve Drains he hit control -LRB- rite by the ramp where u enters -RRB- and the screen goes black and the nest thing we know we are in the Lourve Galleries . Thats when i had it with the game and all there gliches -LRB- or `` bugs '' -RRB- so i turned it off . The game would be great without the gliches or `` bugs '' but ... Eidods sent the game out to soon , they should of worked out ALL the `` bugs '' b 4 this game out , this isnt a cheap game its eexpensive and it should of been what they said it would be and worth the money too . Overall i dont think you should buy it until l8ter this year , cuz MAYBE they will have fixed it by then .
 After many frustrating attempts and long delays to buy this for PC , I feel like chucking the whole thing . Not only is the whole thing bug ridden , from having to CNTL/ALT/DELETE to get out of a bad security camera bug , to see through characters , falling through floors , and deadly sewer rats that you ca n't kill or run around . But I also get a character that walks like a druggie with bad posture . If I 'm going to shell out $ ... I expect way more from a game.This game reminds me of Word for windows , it spends all it 's time trying to anticipate what I want , NOT just doing what I said . Ok so my grammer is poor , and I ca n't spell but can you please just walk in a straight line , and not spin around on the stairs like you 're trying out for some kind of square dance marathon.Sure the graphics are good , the dialog is good , but the cut scenes drive you absolutely crazy . Especially in those few situations where you have to `` get out quick '' before she blows up , and you 're spending half the night clicking every button in sight to get it to `` JUST LET ME PLAY ! '' . Then there are the load times to get from one place to another . In the `` Paris getto '' section , every 1/2 block you 're loading the next screen.Don ' t expect an extremely enjoyable game , only those obsessed with finishing will truly enjoy the challenge . It could have been so much better . She 's a great character , but this game makes you wish she 'd stayed in the tomb .
 Oh man , this is horrible ! I 'm a Lara junkie , and I 'm completely embarassed by this horrid game . The PC controls are a joke , you just seem to spin in circles when you 're just trying to make a simple turn . I feel completely ripped off by the folks at Eidos for releasing such a bug filled game . Game locks up at the worst possible moments , cut screnes are too long and dull , just let us play the game without the need to watch a movie every level ... put all that energy into fixing the movement controls and lock up issues . Please , do n't waste your hard earned cash on this !!! Maybe Eidos will get the message .
 Okay , so I 'm not a gamer but seriously there can not be a more frustrating game out there . Well , maybe ... Here 's the thing
 The highly anticipated Tomb Raider title , it 's release was rushed to concide with the movie , and the bugs are horrendous.Even with the latest patches , moving Lara only slightly easier than teaching an elephant gymnastics . Sidestepping is impossible , turning 90 degrees is excruciatingly painful -- even running is slow , with Lara having to walk several paces first before any speed is developed . The most amusing move I 've ever seen is turning while navigating stairs
 Well , what more can I say ? I glanced at a few of the recent reviews just now before writing my own -- I wo n't add much , but wholeheartedly echo the feeling already expressed.I have n't owned all the Tomb Raider games - just II & III before Angel of Darkness . The others were fun to play . This recent incarnation of Lara Croft is just plain bad ! What a waste of money.In its defense , the graphics are beautiful for the most part . Except when they do n't render due to bugs in the game or whatever . The latest drivers for my ATI 8500 All-in-Wonder have helped a little , but there are still plenty of areas where Lara disappears , or charaters heads are gone , or walls blank out or something similar.The worst part of the game has to be the antiquated controls . Why not something like most first-person-shooter games have adopted , using the mouse to control Lara ? It 's almost painful trying to move Lara around the screen ! What about Max Payne 's controls ? Or Return to Castle Wolfenstein ? Those games play beautifully.EIDOS tried to do too much with this - an overhaul of the entire character of Lara Croft , an overhaul of how the game is played -LRB- when do I even get to fire a gun ? -RRB- - without changing the control of the character . It used to be run or walk , jump , grab , climb , shoot . Now its 's ... . nothing ! Seriously , I have no desire to play this game anymore . I play UT instead.I do n't recommend buying Angel of Darkness .
 This is , by far , the most bug filled game I have ever played . The new control system is extremely clumsy and will leave Lara die-hards wondering what the developers were thinking when they decided to revamp the old one . I hate to say it , but I think EIDOS was more concerned about not missing another promised release date and sent out an unfinished product ; the obvious quality issues are apparent in the first chapter and get progressively worse . I would not be surprised if the company has to issue a recall for this defective product . On a positve note , the improved graphics are beautiful , but are hard to appreciate because of the frustrating gameplay .
 Is more fitting as Lara 's latest adventure plays more like a Resident Evil Game than a Tomb Raider Game . No , Cancel that , The Resident Evil Series is far more playable.One of the beauties of the orginal games was the Gameplay , crisp , responsive controls . . nearly glitch free . After playing the original games for a few hours , everything became intuitive , the control scheme , gameplay -LRB- jumps , running , sliding , climbing -RRB- , what Lara could and Could n't doSo what do we have with this game ? Rubbery controls , a floating Camera that is truly annoying . I found my self centering the Camera behind Lara everytime I turned her , or jumped on a crate . . tons of needless button mashing ! and Glitches , Glitches , glitches , -LRB- e.g. sometimes Lara will not climb onto a crate for some reason , or she will get pinned against a wall , and ca n't move etc. . . -RRB- The Stealth componenet is just silly as is the `` Body part '' power ups ... -LRB- `` I feel Stronger -RRB- . Note to Edios ... Play Metal Gear to see how a true stealth game is made . . and leave it out of the next game !!! Lara is NOT A Navy SEAL , she is an Archaeologist ... !! The Premise of the game is good , and i liked that aspect , very much , but as usual with Eidos . . they get `` wowed '' by thier own cleverness in the graphics department and overkill it -LRB- See TR III 's dynamic lighting effects -RRB- ... so much so that the most important aspect suffers ... gameplay!We can only hope that the next game returns us to what we were expecting in this one . . an actual Tomb Raider game ! with GOOD Gameplay and Tight Crisp Controls .
 Wow , I have never played a game with so many bugs straight out of the box ! Problems with audio , graphics , controls , walking through walls ... I could go on and on about all the little technical upsets in this game , but you 've probably already heard them all . On the good side , AOD is a big leap in a new direction for Lara Croft . The new graphics look great -LRB- when they work properly -RRB- , the music is amazing -LRB- although the dialogue sounds like chipmunks -RRB- , and the controls are very simple -LRB- yet opiated -RRB- . The plot is intriguing , the interaction is new and interesting , and Lara is still a major babe . But let 's face it , Tomb Raider now has some awfully big shoes to fill , and this release was botched and completely unacceptable . Everything wrong with the game was a big distraction from the game itself . I was less disapointed when they animated Link as a queer looking cartoon . I give TR : AOD 1 star for original idea , but no more can be credited due to the incompetence of this games poor production . Shame on you EIDOS , shame on you .
 I am a huge fan of the Tomb Raider series , and have played all five other games on my PC . I love them . I was so excited to get this one , and sooooo disappointed with the quality . Glitchy glitchy glitchy . Do not buy this game . The controls are terrible . While all other 5 games play out smoothly , this one is slow , stalls , goes blank some times , and takes minutes to load to new chapters . Now I do n't have a fancy schmancy computer , but I have been able to play all the other games on it just fine without any hitch . This is just crap . It makes me feel like I have to go buy a $ 2000 computer just to be able to play this $ 30 game ! It probably runs better on a PS 2 , so if you have one of those do n't bother with the PC version . Thanks a lot Eidos , I totally wasted time and money and am warning future buyers to BEWARE !
 what a piece of garbage ... just thinking of it is making my bowels move ... again ... OH GOD , i got ta go back on the bowl !!!! AHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I do n't know if it is just me , but did the reviewers of Angel of Darness play the same game I did ? They spoke such blasphemous and awkward words such as `` Best game,-EVER '' `` A + '' `` Better than the others '' . WTF ? What I shall share with you now must be kept a secret from the other `` amateurs '' and those on this review site that have only played six games
 I 've always enjoyed Tomb Raider games . But I bought this game , and it did not work on my computer . My computer did n't match the maximum requirements -LRB- which they do n't show you until AFTER you open the box -RRB- , but it did match the minimum requirements . I did n't buy this from amazon.com , but I bought it from a different store . They had this stupid policy that you ca n't get a full refund if you opened it . How the heck are you supposed to know that it does n't work , if you ca n't open it ?! Anyway , after a while , I got a PS2 . So I decided to try it on PS2 . It worked , but it 's not that fun . It 's almost impossible to control Laura . There are certain points in the game that you have to be at an exact angle to jump onto a ledge , and you can spend like a half hour trying to jump onto the stupid ledge . It 's also not that fun because one of the `` cool new features '' is that she can only hold on for a certain amount of time . If you want to stay on a ledge for longer , you need to break a window , or kick a door down . Then she looses her strength again .
 I was expecting Tomb Raider Angel of Darkness since last year , with a similar performance as Indiana Jones and the Emperor 's Tomb , but now when I receive the game , I saw this little girl that walks like with an umbrella inside of her pants.The graphics and sound are great , but Lara rotates like a robot and when I try to make her run , she does n't agree with me and moves extremely slowly.I have a 2MHz PC with 500Megas RAM and GeForce4 Graphic Card , and there is no possibility that only this game needs to practice Ctrl-Alt-Del each 15 minutes in order to play it.I 'll find the way to sell my game and suggest Eidos to make a research in order to define how many of the customers are really satisfied with this game and determine if a refund to the customers is the better way to maintain the good image of Eidos until today.It 's a shame .
 This game was nothing but glitchy on my PC . I have no problem with a dozen or so other games from other companies -LRB- including Deus Ex 2 , also from Eidos -RRB- , but this one is a turkey . It 's glitchy , the controls are too clunky , and whenever I exited the game my PC restarted . The built-in EAX support did n't work with my Sound Blaster Audigy 2 -LRB- which uses the EAX 4 drivers -RRB- , I had to install the EAX 3 drivers that came with the game , which was essentially a downgrade for me.On the other hand , this game looks great and when the sound worked it was terrific . The story is pretty cool , and I was looking forward to see how it played out . The cutscenes were good , and I felt like it was as much an interactive movie as it was a game.Unfortunately , I could n't take the bugginess , so I did n't finish the game . Avoid this one and spend your money on one of the earlier Tomb Raider titles .
 I was so looking forward to this game being released , I was on the internet on a weekly basis looking for a new release date . Delay after delay . I bought the game the day of it 's release . Loaded it onto my computer , and was ready to play . I had one disappointment after another . First , the controls were different from her other games . OK I will get use to the new ones . Second , and the biggest . Controlling her is virtually impossible . She is jerky , sporadic , and down right slow and awkward . I have had to reload the game about 20 times to get her to do a simple maneuver . I have given up many times in shear frustration . Frustration I have n't felt in her other games . I do not think I will continue playing this game . It is time to move on and enjoy myself with another game , which is what games are all about . Sorry Core and Eidos , this could be your biggest mistake especially now that the movies are doing so well . What a boost this could have been for you .
 Spare yourself . Dont waste your money or your time with this game . It 's too easy . 30 minutes and I was on the 5th level and never fired a shot . If this is the product they put out after an 8 month delay in release . I can not imagine how bad this game was before they decided to rework it . I want the original Tomb Raider back . I wasted $ ... on this game and I know others paid more that I did ...
 After waiting months for this game to be released I find that its is essentially unplayable . Although I have a reasonably fast PC 3.06 Ghz and a fair video display , the game is slow and jerky and it crashes or hangs up constantly . Having played all the TR games this is by far the worst . I will be trying to get my money back on this one . If you have n't already bought it do n't waste your time or your money .
 This game is a classic example of `` playability '' being completly left out of the design process.It looks great , the sound is great . The controls are horrid and it 's just not fun . The TR series has always been hampered by poor controls , and nowhere is it more evident than in this latest edition . Message to Eidos
 Inspite of the two patches offered by Eidos the game crashed very often . Lara 's movements are hard to control and choppy in stairwells . You will be nothing but disappointed if you spend your hard earned money on this game .
 I bought this game at a reduced price and still feel like I got ripped off . The controls in the PC version are an absolute nightmare and make what could have otherwise been a decent game horrible . Sometimes you feel like you have no control whatsoever . Good thing two successful movies have been made about this game otherwise EIDOS would 've been out of business with this horrendous offering . In fact I 'll think twice before purchasing anything with the EIDOS name or CORE DESIGN name attached to it .
 Let me give you some advice that will keep you from pulling your hair straight out of your scalp ... stay away from this game . Do n't take just my word for it ... alot of folks here feel the same way . Do not listen to those that tell you that all this game needs is a killer machine to run . Believe me , I have a good machine and the controls are still awful ! You get tired of yelling at Lara , telling here to get her butt up them stairs ! People around you will think your nuts for screaming at the screen . Laura has never looked better , that is true . The graphics on this game are amazing . It 's sure nice to look at , that is for sure . But , even if had a ghost of a chance of making Laura go were you wante her to go , you 'd still have to deal with bugs , freezes , Laura walking on air , and attrocious angels . Do yourself a favor ... stay away .
 I can hardly wait for this game and now another disappointment , why do n't they be truthful and say when for sure so I can get on with some other game . . just waiting with baited-breath , and how long will we have to wait for another after this one , , they need to get with it before I outgrow my need for Laura and I 'm only 75 , ca n't wait much longer , if you know what I mean !!!
 I will have to assume this game is going -LSB- to stink -RSB- Why would it 's release be pushed back a third time ? I am tired of waiting . This game must be so bad that Eidos/Core must feel it needs some severe refinement before release.On top of the release date changes , neither Eidos or Core have bothered to put the news up on thier sites . ...
 Cutting edge technology does not a great game make . This game is proof.The graphics are beautiful , which accounts for the extra star for the overall rating . If you are a Tomb Raider fan , you will absolutely hate this game , as I do . The controls , the plot , and the movements are maddening , boring and confusing , respectively . Eidos could plug Tomb Raider 1 into this engine and have a much more interesting game.Maxim magazine gave this game 5 stars . A good reason to ignore Maxim 's ratings .
 I must say when i first heard that TR angel of darkness was coming out i wanted it so bad but after when i beat the game it turned out to be a stupid adventure and im a true fanatic on tomb raider . So far TR 1 TR2 are the best but i hope tomb raider legend will be good i saw the previews it looks good ! she actually explores temples i mean whats the purpose of calling it tomb raider when your not in any tombs like tomb raider chronicals ! another thing in tomb raider angel of darkness - what the hell happened to her pistols ? the only weapons you use are just one pistol gun not 2 , eidos better get it going because the tomb raider franchise is going to the dumps !
 This game has absolutely gorgeous graphics and sound , but it is incredibly hard to play . The controls are demented , the camera viewpoints imbecilic . If they had spent a small amount more on making this game playable , it would have been a smash hit . As it stands , this game is not worth the sticker price . I am a long time Tomb Raider fan and I will probably still play this game , but it is just not much fun at all .
 I LOVE the tombraider line . I waited for this game with bated breath ... And it was absolutely horrible . : -LRB- The controls are so bad , the game is virtually unplayable -- they 're sluggish beyond belief ! No more fast-paced running & jumping . I literally had to STOP MOVING , in order to perform side jumps ! -LRB- does n't work well , when you 're being chased by a ball of flame , from an explosion behind you -RRB- It crashes randomly.There 's graphics glitches all over the place.Should 've known it was crap , when the release date kept getting moved back . / sighNote to self
 Yep folks , I 'm sad to say the title was appropriate for the origins of the game -- Hades . I strongly recommend waiting for a demo , trying the game elsewhere , and/or reading official reviews before even thinking of purchase.Controls are some of the worst in any game in recent years , and horribly frustrating , even when remapped to other keys . The mouse is simply used to turn Lara , not to control perspective , and camera angles can change unexpectedly , sometimes causing what was `` forward '' one minute to become something else the next . Get ready for some serious motion-sickness and confusion.When doing something like running up stairs , even the slightest change in direction -LRB- via keys or the mouse -RRB- can cause her to instantly go the other way -- not good in situations when time is of the essence , and absolutely maddening.I 'll leave it to others to describe how Lara needs to build up abilities like strength and the like as a new feature . Personally , I find this one not even worth trying to finish.Looks like the months of delays were because the creators knew the game stank . Graphics are improved from previous Tomb Raiders , but nothing can save a game like this that 's so painful every second due to horrible controls and camera work at the basic level.Worst game I 've encountered in at least a couple years . Ca n't recommend except to the most die-hard , curious fans .
 Oh . My . God . I remember when Tomb Raider first came out , and my husband and I got it on the original PlayStation . It was great , for 1995 . We got Angel of Darkness for our computer , and WHOA ! It looked like Eidos had REGRESSED ! The animation is choppy , jumps -LRB- basically all moves , in general -RRB- are hard to control and judge , and I read on a review for the PS2 version that you 'd better come to love the phrases `` save successful '' and `` load successful '' because that 's what you 'll do , over and over and over ! It 's completely ridiculous how bad the game looks and plays . Holy cow , and the Glitches ! At one point in the church , if you move Lara to JUST the wrong spot then the game gets stuck on the two boxers in the ring fighting , and you have to reboot the computer to get out of it ! This game was n't even worth the discounted price I picked it up for . Do n't buy it , it 's a trick ...
 This ` game ' deserves zero stars.Can someone explain to me why it took this long to produce such an unplayable piece of junk when games like Max Payne , MOHAA and even Enter the Matrix are pushing the state of the art in playability ? Just curious . And WHO the heck tested this game at Eidos ? Just curious.I wo n't go into the MANY , MANY problems with this expensive , over-hyped , amazingly , pathetically BAD ` offering ' , as those have been covered in depth by many other reviewers . Even the folks who claim stuff like `` This game is definitely better than the other Tomb Raider games '' had almost nothing good to say about it . Obviously they 've never * played * the other TRs or they 'd know that such a statement is silly.TR 's claim to fame used to be great playability . Unfortunately , the successes produced by the previous game engine/format led to either big heads , blindness , ineptitude , stupidity or something I 've never seen before in a game development company . This game truly s #cks , and I have given it far more than a fair shot . So glad I bought it used at 1/2 price . $ 50 for this game was robbery , plain and simple.Stay away . Stay far away .
 This game is simply dreadful.It is riddled with bugs . The controls are infuriatingly hard to use . -LRB- Walking upstairs in a straight line should not be a challenge , but Eidos have managed to make it so . -RRB- The new gameplay features range from the humdrum -LRB- chose one of three lines of dialog , none of which make any difference -RRB- to the downright embarassing , such as the `` strength upgrades '' that you get for pushing a crate along a floor , and which are necessary before Lara can make a crucial jump . The graphics are pretty , but are no better than average.The story line is deeply contrived . Events do not follow any internal logic , but happen because the game designers wanted to put the player into a particular situation . -LRB- AoD is not the first game to have done this , but the overall lack of verisimilitude makes the plot 's deficiencies all the more obvious . -RRB- I enjoyed previous titles in the TR series , and bought this game despite some of the poor reviews . `` Even if it 's not perfect , '' I thought , `` it 's still Lara . `` I can see now that Eidos were relying on this attitude to sell a deeply inferior product that falls well behind the current state of the art .
 Even with a good PC with game is a waste of money , I bought the games and was so disapointed about the utter lack of quaility that I ended up taking the game back the second day I had it . The game is very unstable and Edios blames that on not haveing a fully DX9 complient system . For example
 My Tomb Raider game is filled with bugs ! Within 10 minutes of downloading it , I had to restart my computer 3 times ! When the game does show up , I get a blank screen . I can hear the sounds and all but there are no pictures ! Whatever I do I can not get it to work . I 've tried so many websites for help ! I 've waited a year for this and now I wish I did n't get it . Maybe it 's just my game ? But other people have been having the same problems too . Well , at least the box is cool . | = -LRB-
 I must admit , this is my first exposure to the Tomb Raider franchise . I know it is very popular and I was looking forward to it . Quite frankly , if things have been THIS bad all along , I 'm not sure where the popularity comes from.The scenery and graphics are pretty , and the camera GENERALLY does what it 's supposed to . But the controls are absolutely terrible . There is no strafe -LRB- move left - move right -RRB- function ; you can only turn and move either forward or backward , and there is no free-look . The mouse is practically useless . The control lag is UNBEARABLE . If you bring the character to a stop , it takes 2-3 seconds before you can get her moving again . Turning goes EVER so slowly . Jumping and maneuvering is SO bad that it 's much more difficult just to get the character to move about than it is to play the game itself . Frustration ought to be in the task at hand IN THE GAME - not getting the controls to do what you want.Even accounting for the fact that this game is 3 years old , compared to other games of THAT time , this game does not measure up in any way.I realize that third-person games are difficult to do well , but this game is just plain bad . There are far too many games available - then and now , 1st and 3rd person , and of all different types - that combine great balance and control with great environments . As an avid gamer , I must strongly suggest against this game ; do n't waste your time or your money . Buy a pizza and get far more enjoyment out of it.However , to be fair , I ca n't speak for the folks who are immersed in the Tomb Raider franchise . They may be inclined to look more forgivingly upon the atrociously bad controls and glitches in this game .
 This game is the angel of darkness - THe control system is impossible - The menu screens are ridiculous and bulky to manage - I have played all the tomb raider games - This one is near to unplayable - This thing went straight to EBAY - save your money for something good - THE TR people need to do something fresh with this character like send her to space or something - jeez - the franchise is getting old and stale due to lack of innovation and change .
 Just got the game ... NOT IMPRESSED ! These 5 star reviews must have been written by the makers of the game , cuz this player thinks it -LSB- stinks -RSB- . Lara 's movements are slow and chunky . Movements that used to be simple , such as jump back to get a run forward , has turned into spin Lara around , walk , and spin around again ... and since this changes your view of the surroundings it 's easy to get confused -LRB- camera angles -LSB- stink -RSB- too -RRB- Lara 's control is a nuisance and it 's NOT worth my time to play this game .
 Hmmmm , as a veteran of Tomb raider and an someone who plays most of the 1st person shooters that appear I was quite disappointed in the game controls . The story is great , the graphics are much better then previous Tomb Raider releases but the controls ruined the game for me . One would think with all the 1st person shooters with very precise and smooth controls Tomb Raider would have them too , not so . It is very frustrating to try and play a very well done story only to continually die for lack of the ability to accurately control Lara 's movement . I hope Edios learns from this experience .
 I am a die hard Tomb Raider fan . You know , got all the games and always have much fun playing them . My first TR was TR 2 , The Dagger of Xian , you know , the Marco Bartoli game , that I got the year that came out , 1997 . I was astounded by the graphics perfection , the camera views , the story , the magic , so I bough TR debut , and after , you know , came 3 , The Last Revelation and Chronicles -LRB- the best TR game EVER ! -RRB- , and also all the extra levels of each other , I think I can call myself a TR fanatic . I always think Core and Eidos would never hurt us with a bad game . Geez , I was so wrong!To start , why get out of something that was going fine ? Why make Lara Croft analogue ? And above all
 This control sceme made Tomb Raider 1 unplayable . This control scheme kept me from passing the TRAINING levels of TR
 This is BY FAR THE WORST Tomb Raider . UNPLAYABLE !!!!!!!!! Controls stink !
 It is an excellent concept completely spoiled by bad design!In the heat of the battle an extra click on already selected group can select ALL of you troups and instead a single move/attack you have all your army moving to a position . In this time the CPU kills you with ease.There is no EASY way to tell the arches to shoot a specific target . Especially if there are 10 enemy troops rushing towards you in a pack . As a result they do n't shoot the critical ladders but some stupid axeman . Short while after that you have all the ladders on your walls and in a minute all the enemy army is in your camp . Even if you survive this then it is real pain to target the ladders on the walls . You can spend a minute to shoot down one and the CPU does not wait that much.THIS IS A WASTE OF TIME !
 this game sucks so much dont buy this its full of glitches and stuff people can take over your stuff even if your in them and destroy your villages it take 20000000 words to describe how bad this game is in summary dont waste your money on this game buy something anything else !
 The Graphics are very poor . You can not control Game speed and can not pause the Game . Worst of all you can not control your Units.This is supposed to be all about Units , not managing an economy so as to produce Units . You just fight . The strategy lies in using the right Unit in the right place , but because of the poor Game interface and the horrible bottleneck Battle Maps , it is chaos once the fighting starts . Your units run all over each other and you end up with your Archers charging out in front.Add the fact that if you are a Single Player going up against the Computer , it is useless to scout the Dense Dark Forests because your computer generated enemy will simply disappear and pop up in another place . There are even arrows flying at you which do not come from any enemy unit . They are computer generated.There are Walkthrus online , but no viable Community Chat/Help because no one participates.In short , save your money ! I just ordered Rome
 I bought this game because my friend said it was excellent , however he 's never been a very good gamer , I thought the no resource management idea was ok , but it ruins half the point of an RTS , and strategy is all about careful management of resources to fund your army , because , if you dont have any resources , you dont have an army ;--RRB- I 'd say ok for someone who does n't really know how to play a REAL RTS , but if your an expert , I 'd save up for Warcraft 3 : The Frozen Throne , and if you have n't got the normal Warcraft 3 , go buy it !
 Since when did Gauls throw hand axes ? I thought that was the Franks ... a Germanic people if I remember correctly who came along some time later and while on the subject , I 'm pretty sure Roman infantry did n't wear their cloaks into battle . I guess I 'm a stickler for details sometimes and when those details get kinda blury and ` wierd ' I lose interest . I believe some of the designing of the game might have been influenced more by fantasy game programers than from any historical data . Troop control is disapointing as they seem to charge off happily after enemy formations against orders then are non responsive to commands at the vital moment ... strange ! There is no detailed unit control capablity really . Once contact with enemy troops is made the game seems to play the combat for you . Kinda takes the fun stuff right out of it ! The script and dialogue delivery is sad indeed . Take a look at the ` CLOSE COMBAT ' series of games for attention to details with dialogue and sound effects particularly for comparison . Praetorians lacks the same homework . Well at least you get to march your Legions around the countryside for a while and watch them !
 I had this game for almost a week before I sold it to EB Games -LRB- when they were still buying used PC games -RRB- . If you 're looking for more of Rome
 Everyone knows that a good strategy game involves somewhat of a steep learning curve and an advanced difficulty level . This game is simply a click and attack real time strategy that does not involve any heavy thinking . In fewer words it 's the bunnie slope for youngsters that are just discovering the thrill of these games . In conclusion I feel the word strategy is innapropriate altogether ! True strategy players will want to return the product , rookies will like it because they 'll feel moderately challenged by it .
 Once again I have been duped into buying a game based upon the advice of so-called consumer reviews only to discover that the game fails to live up to the hyperbole . Lets be brutally honest , Praetorians is a game which is marketed to appeal to the Medieval Total war fans but delivers a product more akin to Age of Empires . If you are about seven years old and/or have a basically juvenile sense of wonder then surely this game was tailor made for you . With the exception of the even more awful Platoon PC game this has to rate as my biggest gaming disappointment to date . The pundits for this mediocre yawner glory over the fact that the game has no resource management thus freeing you up to do lots of scrapping . This is basically true but on the down side the maps are so badly designed that manouvering units in anything other than a gaggle is practically impossible . Units will often blunder into one another and become entangled , this is not conducive to a happy gaming experience and the battle has not even been joined yet . But this is pretty much the essence of the game . It -LRB- bottlenecked maps -RRB- force you into waging war between individual units rather than the grand battles of the ancient kingdoms which were set piece affairs on open ground . Units are created in villages/towns which sounds fine but once again we are dealing with an abstract depiction - a few huts and structures surrounded by a simplified pallisade and peopled by a few sprites which bustle about to simulate an occupation of sorts . Oh did I mention that this village/town is just slightly larger than a unit of infantry ? Must have slipped every reviewer 's mind I guess.Even creating units is a puzzlement . Just create a barracks and then instruct your leaders to train this or that and voila there they are-a couple of minutes later . Although some units require that your leader sacrifice honour points to create-Oh did I forget to mention that , must have slipped my mind ... Honour is won in the slaying of enemies . In short there is an artificiality pervading the game which rather than enhancing gameplay reduces it to a farce . The Ai prefers to operate with a mob mentality - so much easier than trying to reproduce the model of efficiency and co-ordination which was the Roman Legionary system . Unlike the Total War series which relies upon maps with realistic terrain , Praetorians has opted for an even more simplified version of Age of Empires -LRB- the original one at that -RRB- . Even the camera view is severely limiting because you can only see in line of sight which is not very far in this abstract representation of the real world . The map is revealed - not blacked out - thank heaven for small mercies . Pulling the camera back to take in anything more than a top down view of a small area is impossible-pretty much like playing the game . This even extends to the lack of ability to angle the camera - something I have n't seen in a game like this since I do n't know when . PC gamers deserve so much more than a retro update on a much worn out formula given the relative expense of a new purchase - $ 40 or more for most , including this one . In mere value for the dollar I would be hard pressed to say that at half the price I paid for it -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- that it is a worthwhile purchase . I could go on but just move along folks - nothing to see here ...
 I was unable to get this game to work in Windows Vista . I inquired about a patch but did not receive a response .
 This game looked great on the box and that is all I got out of it.Due yourself a favor and check to make sure your system can handle a game of this high speed and graphics.Called the game company waste of time then checked with my computer manufactor another waste of time.If you think you got a old system then stay away from this game unless your looking to waste a day trying to install and it will never happen .
 My favorite game was roller coaster tycoon , until this one came along . I downloaded the demo and bought the full game on the same day . Spring break is great fun .
 Pros and cons of the game ... Pros : * Great plot , U have to become the best chef and beat the evil omni food empire . * Quite fun since u are able to join cooking competitions * U feel a sense of sastification when u watch people dine in ur restaurant.CONS : * GRaphics are a boo-boo , the graphics was blur * There are n't there many furniture to choose from unlike the sims . * VEry limited control-all u do is watch ur customers eat.At first , u will feell very sastified ... but after a while u become very bored.U just wait for people to enter the restaurant and buy recipes from them.I really would n't recommend this game beacuse i had very limited control over the restaurant ... All i did was sit and watch the customers dine ... Now how much of a game is that ?! I got sick and tired of it after two days of playing .
 great if you like doing stupid tasks in a tony hawk style manner . only problem is the time clock is always ticking making this an arcade adventure rather than a video game . Do n't waste the money , good graphics or not , this game is not entertaining .
 This game has some good qualities , but the pure racing person will have issues , as you gain $ for running into objects and cars , which blows . You are in a race and losing , so blast your car and everyone around you to get $ $ for the next race . Realistic ? Not . They do n't even have a view from inside the car , it is a bumper view with no part of the car visible . The interface with arrow buttons is bad , and you ca n't even race online , just by LAN . In short , stick with Leadfoot or DTRSC and you will be at least $ 40 better off.jc
 I have one of the newer AMD Dual Core processors . After installing this game I attempted to play and it bombed out.Searching on support forums , it appears the copy protection software has a problem with dual core processors -LRB- amd and intel -RRB- . And it does n't look like the game maker is going to release a patch any time soon . Too bad , I really like the original game and was hoping to have more fun with the sequel .
 Do n't buy this game because you will forever wonder why you did so . This is the worst racing game I have ever played . The bonus games are crap and are all the same thing . If this was even a decent game there would be a reason to play the bonus games . But , there 's not . Sure you get money , but with the best car in the game fully upgraded -LRB- why did I waste my time -RRB- you ca n't tell a difference in the race from a crap car . All the upgrades do is take your money and waste your time.The actual racing is just as bad . Sometimes when you hit a cone you will keep right on going and even get extra in your boost gauge . Other times I have gone flying off the track because of a single cone . I do n't know why and at this point I really do n't care.The races beyond the very first ones are way too difficult . It is more luck than skill . In other words , there is almost no way to get first and you will only get in the top 3 if the other players take themselves out . Computer cars beat the best and fully upgraded car off the line and can turn corners in about half the time without losing speed . All you can do is watch them drive away.Oh and one last thing , the shortcuts suck . They are not shortcuts and usually end up taking longer because it is like threading a needle and with the handling being so bad . If you even stray a little from the exact route , you will be out of bounds and have to reset . If you hit anything , even going very slow , you will be thrown from your car and lose time . If you do manage to do it right you might still come out behind where you were . I have only found 3 races out of 75 , or whatever it is , that actually have a shortcut that is worth taking . And by worth taking I mean does n't lose you time and does n't gain it either . Talk about a crap game . Please consider not buying this game.Bottom line
 This is an obvious port and not a very good one at that . Rainbow studios had some guys quit that were on the Motocross Madness 2 team and it really shows in this poor port.The game is full of annoying things to click on in the menu system ; such as , `` are you sure you want to load this profile , click yes '' , `` profile loaded successfully , click OK '' , `` Are you sure you want to launch this race ? , click yes '' , for online play via the crappy built-in GameSpy interface , `` login successful , click OK '' . Also , on my system the game will crash on a whim while using the GameSpy interface that comes with the game -- moving the mouse or clicking a button can send you straight back to the desktop with the infamous M$ error report requestor.The online interface is pure garbage . You ca n't see who is already serving a game before you decide to do so , this means that you end up with 2 or 3 guys serving their own game with nobody playing because they did n't use the separate Search button to look for games ahead of time . You also ca n't directly chat after a race without having to use the SEPARATE chat window . Very annoying interface if you 're used to anything above sub-par . Do n't get me totally wrong here , the game is fun but it has so many annoying features and actual bugs that it 's a good thing this is a budget title . You 'll be lucky to find 2 or 3 people serving games at any one time and do n't waste your time with the separate Hamachi interface that can be downloaded elsewhere -- if you do n't know the specific server names and passwords then Hamachi is totally worthless for playing this game.Go out and buy it for the pure fun of playing , but be prepared to deal with the frustration factor , especially if you 're used to Motocross Madness 2 's interface and game play .
 the program looks fun but the software i recieved was corupt it wont load on any machine .
 My title says it all.I am running Windows XP with all service packs . AMD Athlon 64X2 ,4 GB Ram 2 hard drives , tons of free space .
 of course you ca n't expect the ps2 experience to translate to the psp . gameplay is entirely different , even with gamebreakers and such . would make a great way to pass time on long flights or rides if there were mini-games .
 When I read these review I thought this game was going to be amazing but no one mentioned that this game has very bad Controling . Here is some on the problems . When you go up for a shot and press the `` o '' button the player goes up and once you let go it takes about half a second for the player to let go of the ball so you really have no SHOT CONTROL . This game is not like many other basketball games where once your let go of the button it shoots . This game has been with me for about 2 weeks and I stopped playing this game on the first day because it got very lame and boaring because you dont have alot of control over your players.There are a few other problems in this game . The players really dont look like the actuall players and do not play like them eather . I would highely reccomend you not to get this game and would suggest `` NBA '' or another great sports game like `` FIFA '' .
 I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THIS GAME - WROTE TO THE COMPANY AND DID NOT RECEIVE A REPLY
 It 's * another * King of Fighters game . Do n't we already have enough of these already ? It 's not like this one is drastically different from the other ones.It 's basically the same game as all the other King of Fighters but with a 2006 date attached to the title name , which means people will notice it , realize it 's brand new , and buy it immediately . Why do we continue to be tormented like this ? In a world already loaded with more than enough tournament fighters , I have just this to say - FIND SOMETHING ELSE .
 I really wanted to play the bingo game , however , the CD 's did not play . I tried to play other games , to no avail .
 I have been playing video hockey games since my Commodore 64 days and this is one very over-rated game ! I thought I had bought the wrong game when I started playing . Even NHL Face-off is better than NHL 2k3 . The graphics are only average and the controls are horrible . It feels like the players are skating in sand . The replays are ok but this game does n't even have a create-a-player option . Sega should stick to football and basketball . Sorry Sega but I miss your Genesis games !
 The only way to score on this game is dekes , rebounds and defelections . The gameplay stinks , the commontary stinks , DO NOT ... waist your money on this game .
 Fire Emblem 's old releases were excellent , so I was eager to see how the series adapted to a 3-d gaming console . Unfortunately , this game is little more than a 2-d game with slightly better graphics . It fails to take full advantage of the Gamecube 's power , and comes out with bland , often dull graphics . What they do use the 3-d graphics for are advanced battle scenes , but these mostly only serve to slow things down and are n't that much more exciting than the game boy releases ' battle scenes . They also use the Gamecube 's power to add in several new features . Some of these , especially the Laguz characters and the weapon forge , are great additions , but others , like skills and biorhythm , just give the player too many things to keep track of . The music and sound effects are dull and disappointing . The game 's story is very hard to get into , the characters are hard to relate to , and in the end , there are too many loose ends . The lack of a support gallery , like the ones in the GBA games , hurts replay value . I hate to sound so negative , but the fact remains that Fire Emblem
 Fire Emblem is too hyped . I 've played other Tactics games but Fire Emblem is the worst of the crop . Do n't know why people think that a game that you can lose you character at anytime of the game forever is fun . There is no levelling up that you can control in the game , you have to go with the story flow but your enemies outgrow you in immense pace so your character will be eliminated in no time and having that annoying face showing up on the screen telling you he / she is dead . Even when you character levelled up , the stats is so random that sometimes he / she just levelled up but with no improvement in stats at all . Since most of the time they only level up inside the game , if their stats do n't go up , tough , they are doomed on the battle field . The number of enemies you usually have out grow you so much that they can basically kill your characters in one or two hits . If you do n't want to lose your character , time to reset and do the battle all over again . I have no idea why people find this kind of game fun and challenging . Disgaea and FF Tactics are fun because you grow with the characters . They can die but you can revive them so you wo n't be losing your hard work . But in Fire Emblem dying forever is just as easy as drinking water . That sucks man.Also I could not believe that even up to now , Nintendo is still forcing people to read all the long winding dialogue instead of having actual cut scenes . The limited cut scenes in the game are pretty budget in terms of graphics.I personally think Fire Emblem does n't deserve the fame and hype around the franchise . If you are a gamer who enjoy hating a game to make your life meaningful , this is the type of game you should play .
 Wow . Fire Emblem is one horribly designed game . 75 % of it is listening to the characters talk . And by talk I mean you see pictures of them on your screen with nothing but their mouths moving and eyes blinking and written below are what they have to say . It gets boring very quickly . On top of that the fighting is almost like playing chess , you move your characters around through squares on a board and you never get to actually attack any enemies . All you do is initiate the attack command and they show a little video of your targeted character hitting the enemy and maybe them hitting you back once . It 's monotonous , cheap-looking , and not very fun at all . My advice to anyone considering buying this game is to rent it first . Then you can see for yourself how bad it is before wasting your money on , in my opinion , the worst gamecube game ever .
 there is no enterence video , no storylines , much lesser wrestlers so its not enjoyable playing mode , so please next time just think about this things so it can be enjoyable while playing on GBA .
 This is very slow and very limited . It has better graphics than Road to Wrestlemania but does not compare to it in anyway in terms of gameplay.Also it does n't have STONE COLD STONE COLD THE RATTLESNAKE STONE COLD
 i was also excited about buying this game only to find out that the people at visual concepts had taken a big step back . i was a fan of the series on dreamcast and had easily handed it the best basketball game of 2000 - 2002 . well i purchased this game 4 days ago and have n't found a way to play more than 10 minutes total . to me the graphics look no better on gamecube than it did on dreamcast . second of all the gameplay ... the dunks look worse , the post play is horrible and the high lob passes will drive you crazy ... the menus are confusing also . i do n't think nba live 2003 is the answer but this game does n't do it for me either . play 2k2 and save your money .
 I was really anticipating NBA 2K3 . Unfortunately my experience has been marred by a GLITCH in the Gamecube version that freezes gameplay without warning . It is a hard crash that disables the use of Reset , you have to power down and then power back up . Some people only experience this glitch in Franchise mode , others like myself experience it in all game modes . It crashes about 1/3 of the time I play it.I have contacted Sega about the problem , and all they have to say is that the problem is widespread and random , that they are working on fixing it -LRB- ? -RRB- , and to check their messageboards for announcements . If you frequent any of the popular gamecube messageboards , every so often someone pipes up about it . Planet Gamecube mentions it in their review . I think there is growing tide of discontent targeted at Sega regarding this problem . Most probably return it for NBA Live 2003 , while others are unable to return it -LRB- gift , etc. -RRB- I really feel that SEGA NEEDS TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE , and take responsibility for these defective discs . I feel like they are sitting on their hands , praying that most will not recognize the glitch or just tolerate it . This is unacceptable , especially given that the Gamecube is widely known to be the easiest of the three 128-bit platforms to develop for . SEGA NEEDS TO COME CLEAN , AND DO AN OFFICIAL PRODUCT RECALL . THERE ARE ALSO RUMBLINGS OF THE PS2 VERSION HAVING A SIMILAR GLITCH.You have been warned ! I say BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK ! And make sure you keep your receipt ! -LRB- if you have experienced this problem , do n't keep quiet , contact/email Sega about it ! -RRB-
 This game is way to easy . The camara gets all twichi and there 's not enough weapons.There are some cars that may be impossible to unlock -LRB- I think that way because you need to get to mission # 18 -RRB- . I highly reccomend to rent it before buying it .
 The reason i bought this game was beause of all the great reviews from here and game web sites . All i hear was it 's the best B-ball sim out there . Well that 's a bunch of BS . I do n't know how many times playing as kobe , Shaq , Iverson etc. . i 've gotten my shot blocked -LRB- even on fade aways -RRB- by a bench player . As shaq i get a miss match with a 6foot guard so i try backing him down and well i ca n't . It seems shaq is n't strong enough to plow his way through a 6 footer lol . And when i make him spin to the basket then press shoot 9 times out of 10 he does n't go for the dunk instead he throws up some off balance , fade away crazy looking shot . The gameplay is challenging but not in a good way . I guess i will try `` NBA Live '' .
 I partially owe my love of hockey to NHL '93 on Sega Genesis , and I have played most hockey games since then . I find this one to deliver the least amount of fun and highest amount of frustration of any that I have played.Here is my laundry list of problems with this game , some that I would consider major and some that I would consider peeves :1 . GraphicsThis game looks like N64/PS1 graphics . Games wind up being the dark blobs vs. the light blobs , as far as I can tell .2 . AIPlayers skate right past the puck when they 're under computer control . The only thing the AI does on defense is collapse everyone in front of the net .3 . Player DifferentiationEvery player plays just like every other player . Paul Kariya can hit as hard as Chris Chelios . Adam Foote is as fast as Mike Modano , with turbo , on the breakaway . They all look the same . They all play the same . EA Sports ' system of Heroes and Big Hitters sure looks brilliant in comparison .4 . CommentatorsThis game licenses elements from ESPN -- why do we get Mono and Tone for commentators ? They 're boring and repetitive . How about Gary Thorne and Clement , Clement , hands of cement ? Or Dave Strader and Darren Pang ? Barry Melrose 's machine-gun laugh before a game ? John Buccigross saying `` He is clutch , and clutch is everything in life ? `` Commentary typically sounds like this
 This is the worst hockey game made for this season . This game looks like it was made in the eighties ! I rented Hitz and the gave me this by accident . I played it for about twenty minutes and i was so disgusted I did n't touch it again . I would n't recommend this game to anyone except as a very last resort . After a bout five minutes of playing I had counted three animation glitches and five sound ones . This game was so horrible my family who does n't know much about games even thought it was horrible . I have been to three rental stores and four different department stores and the highest and the highest anyone gave it was 4/10 .
 le jeu est bon mais comporte des bugs sur xbox live , les statistiques ne sont pas compiliees correctement sur xbox live . on perd la connection de temps a autre et une deconnection compte parfois pour une defaite ... bon jeu a 1 joueur mais pas fort sur le live ...
 All I can say is I wish EA Sports would support Microsoft 's online policy of not imposing a per game charge.This way , we would n't have to resort to playing this game . Sure you can play the NHL Hitz 3on3 garbage , but it does n't give you the online + realism combo . I bet sega was counting on that fact alone to guarantee their sales for this one.The thing that initially struck me with this game was the choppy cut scene graphics and the sega genesis -LRB- NHL ' 93 -RRB- quality graphics during game play.Another thing that really annoyed me was the terrible sound and lack of soundtrack . If you like hearing generic organ music after you just scored a goal , this one 's for you!Hey sega !? Are you blaming this on my sound card and video card on my XBOX ? Do I need an upgrade?Further you have no ability to customize the controls.Top it off with the game screwing up your rosters and lineups every so often and you have quite a lame game.I sold my copy of EA sports NHL 2003 when this came out simply because NHL 2k3 was online enabled . I wish I had n't . The EA version was decent but not as impressive as its PC counterpart . This also pushed me toward making the switch to the sega product.If sega were to model the quality of their hockey games based on their football and basketball series , this review would n't be bad at all.I 'm sure sega can do better . The developers were probably forced to scoot this one out before the holiday shopping season.Maybe next year !?
 This game is poor - not realistic for anyone that rides a Harley . The game uses keystroke only - no joystick or wheel , and the sound does n't resemble any Harley I ever heard , including my own . I ca n't believe HD let Activision use their name for this game .
 I confess I did n't play past the first level , but here 's why . The colors are so bright in this cartoon-graphics game , it can give you a headache . Then on the first level , a dinosaur kept coming out of nowhere and jumping on my Taz , delaying the game as Taz recovered . There 's no warning this is going to happen , and no way you can defend yourself . Maybe I did n't give it a chance , but if I have problems on the very first level , it just is n't right . And if you get motion sick easily ... well , Taz pretty much spins a lot . Enough said !
 I did n't even get a chance to play the game because it instantly crashed my computer ; the CD was dirty outside when i got it , I 'm very disappointed .
 I did not receive this one but did get the other two games that supposedly came in the same package weird , I 'll keep searching for the lost artifact , but who knows what really happened .
 Beware . This game does not work with Windows XP . The vendor said that it would work on any XP Version except Media-Center , but I have XP Pro and it crashes there despite changing compatibility settings to older versions and changing the video resolution . I suspect that it 's like another game we purchased that worked fine when XP first came out , but Windows Auto Update changed something that destroyed compatibility with old Win 98 games like this.We have it up and running on an 11 year old laptop with Win 98 , but it 's too CPU intensive to run properly on that old thing.The game seems OK for the right PC and operating system though ...
 I bought this for my 3 year old and it is the dumbest game ever . It has really bad graphics , game play is mega slow , and the music is horrid . They should be ashamed of themselves . Please save your money and buy something else .
 I made the mistake of buying this game without renting it first . The screen shots made this game look awesome , but truley , the game fails in every aspect . First , the controls are very un-smooth and crude and handle inconsistently . The graphics are not stunning at all ... there is a lack of detail to the environment and there is a lack of continuity when interacting with the environment when playing as Vexx especially when rock climbing . The game is also very annoying on several levels
 this game will never earn akklaim ne sort of money except for ppl who like these kind of lame games it really isnt gwd really the cameara angles really bad too the grphix ok but who care bout grphix when u cant even get a good view of ur character nd the surroundings u will get bored of this game fast dont buy dun ever rent it im serious this game is so confusing too when u collect hearts it doesnt even tell u information on how to get the heart except a wierd riddle they give you that doesnt make any sort of sense plus once u manage to get a heart u get too strart over isnt dat fun u loose all ur extra life u earned and all the heart pieces u earned u need 100 to get a heart wow say u got 99 heart pieces then u pik up a heart guess what u get to start all over collecting the heart pieces dont even rent this game this game is so sorry i bought it and it took me forever to trade with my friend for one of his game i had to give him 5 games for 2 games
 this game will never earn akklaim ne sort of money except for ppl who like these kind of lame games it really isnt gwd really the cameara angles really bad too the grphix ok but who care bout grphix when u cant even get a good view of ur character nd the surroundings u will get bored of this game fast dont buy dun ever rent it im serious this game is so confusing too when u collect hearts it doesnt even tell u information on how to get the heart except a wierd riddle they give you that doesnt make any sort of sense plus once u manage to get a heart u get too strart over isnt dat fun u loose all ur extra life u earned and all the heart pieces u earned u need 100 to get a heart wow say u got 99 heart pieces then u pik up a heart guess what u get to start all over collecting the heart pieces dont even rent this game this game is so sorry i bought it and it took me forever to trade with my friend for one of his game i had to give him 5 games for 2 games
 If all you do is play video games 10 + hours a day -LRB- read no life -RRB- then maybe you will like it and probably give it 4 stars . But if you are a casual gamer , you will hate it.Despite another reviewer here that tells you to ` get over it ' when referring to the lame camera this game has , the camera compared to other platform games is terrible!The game play is exceptionally difficult and uneccesarily so at times . This game will alienate the casual gamer . There are no milestones . If you lose a life , you get to start over . If you get clear to the end of the level and lose a battle , you get to start over -LRB- no matter how many lives you have left -RRB- . If you trimphantly gather a wraithheart while you have accumulated say 70 chards , you jump for joy until you find out it re-sets the chard count to zero and guess what ... you get to start over!The story line is non-existent , the swimming functionality is awful and clumsy . The graphics are fine , but it does n't matter much how pretty it is if the game is not fun and is instead too frustrating.Ratchet and Clank is definately the new standard and Vexx just flat out is overkill and a poor imitation.Don ' t waste your money on this game . Do yourself a favor and get Ratchet and Clank or Rayman if you want to have fun instead of constant frustration .
 STORY-Vexx 's people are suffering under a cruel oppressor by the name of Dark Yabu , who has enslaved the protagonist 's race to do his bidding . Angered by his captivity , Vexx lashes out
 I like platformers , which is why I got this game . I 've played it off and on for a week now , only because I hate not finishing something I start . If it were n't for that fact , I 'd never touch this game again . The graphics are good , but the camera controls are -LSB- bad -RSB- . I 've died more than once because the game decided to adjust the camera angle while I was in the middle of crossing some tiny bridge or climbing a narrow ledge .
 Well yea sure its supposed to be this wonderfull , amazing , groundbreaking platform game . Well its not , all thats changed are the graphics , besides the general opening there is almost no development storywise , and tecnically speaking all that revolutionary platform actoin can be had in games the like of the Rayman titles , or Ratchet and Clank . All in all it probably would be pretty fun and thus you should add one or two stars if your new to this kind of thing , or add a few stars if you really really really like large environments or just platforming in general .
 Basically , you can say that this game is about 30 % fun and 70 % Frustrating . The gameplay is uneccesarily difficult at times and ceases to be ` fun ' after about 4 levels in . The camera is terrible . Some have said here dismiss it as ` oh well , all platform games have camera problems ' . However , this game definately has the lamest camera of them all.Another dissapointment is the fact that there are no milestones . If you -LSB- expire -RSB- , you get to start over . Period . No matter how many lives you have left , how many items you have collected no matter how far into the level you have gotten , they all get erased to zero and you get the distinct pleasure of having wasted your time . Is n't that Fun?Acclaim has definately failed in their foray into platform gaming . Get Ratchet and Clank or Rayman , you will actually enjoy those games . This one looked like it had potential but is just too frustrating . Do n't waste your money on this game . It just ai n't worth it .
 I kept getting the following error on Windows 2000 `` monsters1.exe has encountered a problem and needs to close '' when launching Disney/Pixar 's Mike 's Monstrous Adventure -LRB- Windows 2000 -RRB- All my drivers are the latest . Do see what the problem was and the Disney website is of no help . I may have to return the product if I dont get this working
 I kept getting an error message when trying to install it . I ended up having to return it unfortunately . sorry
 Thanks to the people at Vivendi Universal for making quite possibly one of the most horribly boring/glitchy / ... games of my life . How could you take such a good story , and turn it into the most rotten expierence of my life . Was this game test played EVER before its release ? Obviously not ... . Let me list the pros and cons : pros : * now cons : - combat is few and far between and when it comes about it usually takes 45 minutes for the enemy to run at you , attack , then run back to its spot -LRB- awesome -RRB- - not only can your character go of the screen and get stuck , other NPC can do the same ! -LRB- real sick -RRB- - equipping and sharing items only takes about 400 years of your life , forget about all your goals and dreams . This is way better.-the dialouge -LRB- like the game itself -RRB- seems to be written by children-the games ends in the mines because of a horrible bug in this awfuly designed game.I hope this review sways you from even playing this game ...
 Bad . Very bad . Slow as the books , without any of the interesting dialogue or plot development ... instead , one is treated to the wild thrills and spills of wandering about collecting items for hours and being subjected to horribly done RPG battles . It takes over an hour to get OUT of the Shire -- and what do you do in that time ? Meandering at approximately 0.3 mph through dull , washed-out backgrounds , collecting tools for gardeners and seeds and fruits . Whee . Frodo the Errand-Boy . Then it gets better . You meet Tom Bombadil . And what does the singing spirit of nature ask of you ? Why , of course , to wander about collecting things . Boy howdy . I 'm having a blast here . Apparantly Vivendi 's idea of a `` puzzle '' is `` let 's hide an item , make them wander for 15 minutes finding it with no action whatsoever , then we 'll hide another one and make them start over ! `` But you get past Tom Bombadil , and into the great , wide world of Middle-Earth , and what do you do?Become engaged in what is undeniably the most boring RPG ever to hit the GBA . Walk around . Get involved in pointless , NON-EXPERIENCE-POINT-GIVING battles ! That 's right ! You get NO REWARD for the excruciatingly slow battles whatsoever ! I can not deny , though , that the game gets much deeper once pointless-battling augments pointless-walking . I found myself forcing myself to play just to see if the next line of dialogue actually came from the books . That 's never a good sign.Oh , and then we get to Moria . That 's a bit better . Except for the fact that 1-in-80 cartridges has a critical error that prevents you from CONTINUING PAST THE STAGE ! Really . ... I have no idea what Amon Hen is like . Maybe it gets better . I do n't know . This game is a disgrace.I am a Tolkien nut . I am an RPG fan . I enjoyed Golden Sun , Tactics Ogre , and the pair of Breath of Fire games immensely . I love the books to death and thought the movies were sheer magic . This , on the other hand , offends me on two fronts . It 's a mediocre RPG and a poor translation of Tolkien.I can not imagine ANYONE who is in the slightest demanding about their RPGs -LRB- or games in general -RRB- enjoying this game . The only redeeming fact about this game is that it is Lord of the Rings . I admit it was somewhat less aggrivating when I saw familiar locations . Not fun , mind you , but it did lessen the frustration.Bottom line : If you really want Tolkien , buy the Extended DVD of Fellowship of the Ring , the LoTR trilogy , the Hobbit , Silmarillion , Unfinished Tales etc.If you really want a GBA RPG , buy one of the excellent titles mentioned above , or one of the Mega Man Battle Network games.If you want a video game adaptation of the movie , buy EA 's The Two Towers.If you want to be disappointed , buy this .
 When i bought this game , I thought Wow ! I get to play Lord of the Rings ! After a week I was bored with it . THIS IS THE WORST GAME EVER MADE !!!!!!!!! The combat is very slow and tedious , and the game freezes up to much . Do not under any circumstances buy this game . I gave it one star because it is Lord of the Rings .
 this game was so boring and it was s-l-o-w !!!
 ATTENTION!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!I REAPEAT!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.IT IS BUGGY AND NO FUN WHAT-SO-EVER . THANK YOU FOR LISTENING
 Game Boy Advance players get a treat with The Lord of the Rings
 First off , those stating how great this GBA game is obviously have n't played it or they find happiness in torture ; this GBA version of Lord of the Rings
 I had high hopes for this game since I 'm a big Tolkien fan and really like good GBA RPGs . Boy , was I disappointed ! First off the game is horribly slow . Combat takes forever , and is boring since your character miss all the time . You 'll spend hours walking around looking for mundane items like flowers or Pippen.Add to that fact that the game is horribly buggy . Gimli turns invisible in one quest , sometimes the elves do n't give you items you need , and I 've yet to meet anyone online who found a way out of Moria without the game crashing.Don ' t buy this waste of a game . Save your money and either wait for one of the other Lord of the Rings games coming out this Christmas -LRB- The Two Towers -RRB- or buy Golden Sun or Castlevania instead . This is a prime example of a great license going to waste .
 There 's a reason Gamespot gave this game a 2.1 out of 10 . This game should never have gotten through Nintendo quality assurance . It 's buggy -- you ca n't even get through Moria without the game freezing . And that does n't mention all the problems with item cloning , invisible characters , music cutting out , and impossible quests.Even if the game was bugfree , it 's awful . Combats take forever -LRB- and are n't any fun , since your characters never hit -RRB- , and the best parts of the book are skipped over , like Weathertop and Amon Hen . Moving your character on screen is like steering a drunk elephant . Seriously.If you 're looking for a good Lord of the Rings experience , buy the PS2 Fellowship version -LRB- skip the Xbox one -RRB- , or EA 's Two Towers games -LRB- either GBA or PS2 -RRB- .
 I wish I could give this game negative five stars ! Whoever gives this game five stars is a complete loser who does n't have any good games . This game is not really fun and it has major glitches in it . Why get this game when there are games like Super Mario World , Metroid Fusion , Advance Wars 2 , or a Pokemon game ! And I am not biased against Lord of the Rings games or anything like that because I enjoyed playing the Two Towers and Return of the King for the Gamecube . This game is fun for the first 15-30 minutes though . My final words are DO N'T GET THIS GAME !!!!!!!
 When I first started this game I was pretty impressed . The people were ok , and the scenery was awesome - thats the only reason I gave the game just ONE star . But that was as good as it got . From the beginning , it did n't tell you how to find things , or what to do , or how to fight , the creators just threw you out there . So after many confusing and repetative little missions , you get to the old forest , and even more confusing and frustrating part of the game . No one helps you - Tom Bombadil just says
 This game is more based on the book then any other lotr game . But the battles are terribly slow , some items do n't work , things that the game promised are taken out , the graphics are awful , and there are some terrible glitches in the game , especially the Moria Glitch which made me go out buy another one -LRB- I thought the first one was a defect -RRB- and go through the same glitch again . Even if you are a huge lotr fan you should probably stay away from this game .
 I am a huge fan of Tolkein books and lord of the rings especially . This was actually a pretty fun game for a while , I ca n't complain , I bought it in a bargain bin for $ 5 bucks , and I was thinking `` What am I going to lose ? '' I lost 5 bucks and I want it back . I liked how it had aspects of the books instead of the movies in them , like Tom Bombadil and such . I would have more stars for it -LRB- 1 , mayyybe 2 -RRB- if I did n't get stuck in Rivendell . I think I got Gimili 's axe a step ahead of when I was supposed to and when I talk to him he says he needs it . Game over . There is nothing I can do to progress . And what really sucks is that I saved it before I knew that I was stuck . So its either spend another 3-5 hours replaying it and getting back to that part to progress , or quitting . I think I 'll just quit and maybe sell it for a buck on Amazon .
 I could have made it through this game several x by now , but the glitches stuck me in trees in caves over drop-offs , etc. , numerous times . I 'm done ... did n't even bother to finish and I was well past Morea . Someone said the ending sucks , so what am I missing anyhoo ? I 'll try the other two , heard they were better . I 'm glad I logged on here to see the reviews -LRB- that perfectly match mine -RRB- or I might have gone out to buy another copy ... thought this cartridge had been flushed and just stamped on the grahics glitches were so bad ! But no they say , this game just stinks . Do n't waste your money , borrow this one from a friend at the most and see what everyone means . Does not deserve the one point I had to give it .
 This game is horrible . The battles are so ... long , slow and unexciting . The scenery is cute , but alittle dark for GBA.Don ' t waste your money .
 This is the worst LOTR game ever !!! It takes hours to figure out the damn forest , and a lot of other crap !! My brother bought itoff ebay , and only played it once . The graphics suk , the battle is turn based and slow , and it cost us 30 friken $ $ !!! Do n't listen to the other reviews . This game sux . Buy Return of the King and forget about dis .
 This game has so many bugs I 'm suprised it works at all . I ca n't even finish because of a glitch in the Mines of Moria . I wish I could get my money back .
 This game is super slow , the battles are weak and I just happened to be the unlucky one who got the bad cartridge and was stuck in moria . First I thought it was a game defect so I went back to the place I bought it and returned it -LRB- after spending almost a month just getting to moria -RRB- then I played my new game and found the same problem . I went to the website and found that Black Label has had many complaints about this and it tells you how get to through it . It is complicated and took me many tries but I finally got it to work . The trouble I had to go through just with this defect was enough to make me say you should not buy this game . This game is OK - but you really have to be a Tolkien fan to like it - not just a fan of the movie . If you are considering buying this game then I recommend you do n't - you should buy LOTR Two Towers though ... now that is a great game ! READ KATIE KELLY 'S REVIEW -LRB- Jan 14 , 2003 -RRB- - that was a perfect review of this game . I just had to put in my 2 cents about the defect .
 I wrote this review only to bring the average rating more in line with reality . I would definitely recommend playing this game before buying it . The story is fine and the graphics are nice , but the gameplay is so -LSB- weak -RSB- that it will bore your socks off . I used to play way too many hours of MUDs and other text-based adventure games , so I have a high tolerance for bad interface , but this game is potentially the worst I have ever seen . In fact , the game would be much better if they had replicated the character interface from `` rogue/moria '' and put it on the GBA ; -RRB-
 This game is an abomination and I regret every cent of the five dollars I spent at the bargain bin . I 've played and beat this game through trial and -LRB- t -RRB- error , because I bought this game at a time in my life when I did n't have much money . I beat every game I bought so my purchases would n't go to waste.The Story
 This game does not work . All of the other reviews about the game having multiple glitches are spot on . The gameplay itself is mediocre fun , but the fun only lasts as long as the first impassable glitch . I played through thrice , and had to stop every time at a pivotal point that the programmers forgot to actually play test . Because of this one major glitch that happened every time I tried to go through , I was not even able to finish the game.Please do yourself a favor and do n't buy this title .
 The premise of the game sounded great - a GBA version of LOTR . Just what I needed to relive the fun of the movie . Sure , there were a few glitches here & there , but initially I had a fun playing it . Plus it came with little cards of the characters , which was neat.Then came the big glitch . The glitch that made it impossible for me to continue playing . The glitch that froze up my game . At one point during the game , about 2/3 of the way through , I tried entering a new area . Evidently the game decided that I should 've finished something else first , so it completely froze up - making further gameplay impossible . Since some parts of the game were incredibly frustrating due to glitches that made it very hard to complete , I just lost interest in trying to re-play to get to that spot in the game . I traded it in , only to discover that I was n't the only one who was having this trouble.This could 've been far better done . This was just a shoddily made game that was thrown together at the last minute . Save your money & do n't even get this .
 ATENTION ALL PERSONS!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.IT IS NOT FUN.You 'd think that they 'd have music and the game does , until you make a move pretty much.Poorly designed , Buggy , You could go on and on about it 's flaws . final grade F ... NOT BUY THIS GAME
 This game could have been a nice RPG game.However , the large number of bugs makes the game unbearable.I 've seen many computer games , and this takes the cakefor the number of errors , glitches , freezes , bugs ... Save your money .
 This game is boring . You ca n't follow the story line , and if I had n't read the books I would not understand it at all . The fight scenes take too long and they are also boring . In the mines of Moria there is this one place where you have to go but you get stuck because the game has a bug . The controls are extremely weird and take a long time to get used to . I have bought this game and I do not like it . I would suggest not buying it .
 This is the worst Gameboy Advance ever I can not belive I wasted my money on this . Buy a good game like Golden Sun , Wario Land 4 , Spyro season of ice , Crash Bandacoot , and Sonic Advance . If you buy it get it for a different gameing platform . Never buy a game after a book or movie for Gameboy Advance I bought Harry Potter for Computer and my friend bought it for Gameboy Advance and I was amazed at how much better the game was for computer . So I highly suggest that you do not buy this game for Gameboy Advance .
 As a Lord of the Rings fan i was excited about the upcoming Game be Vivendi Universal . You can play as any part of the company of the ring , from the first book , '' Fellowship of the Ring '' . The game follows the book very well , but the gameplay is a different story . In many areas you get stuck and find that the only way to get out of being stuck is by restarting the game . If you are willing to play , and play to finish the game , then you might find this a good game . The graphic are alright compared to others and you may find that it seems to have a dark tint . If you are a fan of the book you will enjoy this game , if not , i sugjest finding a different game to play
 Do not buy this game it has bus bugs and more bugs . You can not finish it . End of story . It gets zero stars . -LRB- 0 -RRB- *
 This had such potential to be a great game . Unfortunately , the lack of a decent fighting system and the overabundance of bugs ruined it . I am a true fan of the LoTR series , and I can barely stand this game . The battle system is way too slow . You have to wait for each character to walk over to the enemy , make their attack , then walk back . This becomes extremely annoying after a while . The fact that you do n't even gain experience from the battles is a further bother . It seems to level you up at set points in the game for each character . The bugs in this game are overwhelming . You ca n't even get thru the mines of Moria without running into a game stopping bug . The company has provided a way around it by saving before you enter , but it is still a bother . That is not the extent of the bugs either , they are all over the place . This game was obviously rushed and distributed to make an extra buck , and not to produce a high quality game . It is not worth what I payed for it at all . Other reviews say that only true fans of the series can enjoy this game , which is not true . I consider myself a true fan , and this is a terrible game .
 First of all , the movement of characters is odd . It 's not something you get used to . They dont turn when you want them to . They seem to go at odd angles causing serious frustration and tedium.Half the stuff in the instructions was not implemented in game . You get a little card saying `` spell scrolls do n't exist , instead just use gandalf 's staff to cast the same spell '' and `` many items in game have been replaced with other items . `` The box says non-linear roleplaying game . What you get instead are parts in the game -LRB- without warning -RRB- where you just ca n't go back . You begin a quest then ca n't complete it because you walked to far left ... suddenly you ca n't return to the quest giver . If you 'd even call them quests.Characters seem to level up at random . Battles ARE slow . Imagine fighting a spider that attacks you , then steps back 50 feet . Then steps forward 50 feet to attack again . Etc until you fall asleep . And the battles are few and far between . I got 14hrs into the 20 hrs of gameplay before freezing and only fought maybe 25 battles?Now onto the bugs . This company must have done no testing for this game at all . One bug takes you beneath the world , you simply disapear . One part in Moria , the game freezes and you simply ca n't go on . And I 've read posts of other spots -LRB- Rivendel for one -RRB- . Black Label tech support will offer you a solution worthy of the meanest multy button mortal combat combo . I think I 'll take a refund instead.Now onto other things . You only get maybe 3 armor upgrades per character in this game . Merchants dont have much to sell . The game is short . Character developement is shameful for a so-called RPG.Black Label should have at least tried to copy Golden Sun . If you want an excellent RPG that offers a true non-linear game where char developement takes time , battles are plentiful , spells are actuallly in the game , with better graphics and spell effects , and normal character movement , then get Golden Sun . FOTR for GBA is a joke . I will never buy a Black Label or Vevindi game again . They should have put 1/1000th the effort that was put in the books at least to make a nameworthy game . Instead they released an incomplete , untested mess .
 This game has so many glitches you lose count . I have had to start the entire game over 4 times because of them . The controls are sluggish , at best . Save your money or get a game that you can actually enjoy . It is definitely NOT this one .
 I bought this for my daughter last Christmas . She was so excited she started playing right away . Shortly after she said there was a glitch . 2 Frodo 's would suddenly appear on the screen . I took it back , and since you can only exchange the item for the same item we did . Again the glitches . During battle the players would split and you 'd have 2 Frodo 's or Aragorn etc. . on screen . We threw it out . Later we found several on a discount rack , Spiro 's , race cars and LOTR 's . So I figure what the heck , third times the charm right ? WRONG . The third one had glitches also . MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT . Especially because it was n't an all battle game . It has action and puzzle solving too . It just should have had the glitches worked out before it was marketed .
 At first when I bought this game I thought it was preety cool , but boy was I wrong . I always read the instructions for a game before I turn it on , and half the stuff in the booklet wer n't in the game . The graphics are n't as good as they could have been , considering what the GBA is capable of . After a time the music also starts to get on your nerves , so I would just recomend turning it off . The gameplay is slow and tiresome , I ca n't believe how slow the charachters walk . More often then not the came crashes , which means more dull work getting back to were you were before it crashed . Three-Fourths of the way through you enter the mines of Moria , and your just about to get out when the game freezes . I called the jerks at Nintendo , who told me to try a combination of buttons to fix the problem , but it did n't work ! So I asked for a refund or a trade in for a different game , but I had had it for more than 6 months . I take really good care of all my games and they knew they game barfed because they made a stupid glitch in the system , what a rip off . Even if you like the books and movie , you probably wo n't like this game . I was really dissapointed when I got this game . Do n't wast your money on this ! I would recommend the next 2 LOTR , Lunar Legend , Final Fantasy , Boktai
 Do n't buy this video game for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance . Vivendi Univeral 's `` The Lord of the Rings
 This game is based on the movie but is not much like it as far as exciting goes . Do n't waste your money on such a buggie game ! It would be worth buying the two towers instead . The two towers for GBA starts early in the movie so you wo n't miss the some of the first seens in the Fellowship . My advice is NOT to buy this game !
 Is this the same GBA `` Lord of the Rings
 For those of you who are considering buying this game on gameboy advance , I recommend you change your mind . The graphics are great , but several times when I was playing it , my character would freeze up or get stuck in a corner , and I had to restart the whole game . And in the Mines of Moria , when you finally find the exit , the character freezes and wo n't move past a certain point . It may work on other consoles , but I 'm not sure because I have n't tried it yet .
 Yes this has good graphics , Yes it has a kind of Zelda theme . But really if your looking for a game that fits the Lord of the rings best then get the Two Towers . Once you are used to that then get the The Return of the King . That is the best game of them all . Ive played all three and the Fellowship is by far the worst game i have ! Please Gameboy dont let Vivendi Universal -LRB- the makers of this game -RRB- ever make a game based on a film ever again . They wasted away all the good parts of the books and if you want to fight on this game then good luck to you . DO NOT BUY THIS ITS A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!
 This game is great ... Until you see all the problems hiding in it just waiting to pop out at you ! When it comes to graphics it 's very good and it follows the story very closly but the sad truth is that it has so many glitches that it gets annoying . Bilbo wont drop the objects , Gimli disapears , and to top it off it gets frozen when u get to the Mines of Moria ! Yes there are tricks to getting trough the game but some dont work . Take me for instance ... . I read the bad reviews but -LRB- me being as bullheaded as i am -RRB- still bought it . i was hooked till i started having problems ... well ok no biggie i just went online and found ways of getting through them and they worked fine ... till Mines of Moria!My game kept freezing so i saved the game before i went in and now im stuck right in the spot where as soon as i turn on the game i go into the passage where it freezes so i cant go back cuz i automatically go in and as soon as i go in the game gets frozen!Maybe theres someone whose game will actualy work out there but i doubt it ... My advice do n't buy this game go for The Two Towers or The Return of the King .
 This game is Ok . If you like slow paced games this is your game.The graphics are great but the gameplay is slow.You can play all of the fellowship but you have to get to Rivendel to get Gimli , Legolas , Borimer , and Gandalf .
 Initially , this game showed a lot of promise . Being a huge fan of both the LOTR books and movies , I was excited when I saw this released . The back of the box promised a revolutionary combat system , eye-popping graphics , and open-ended game play - sounded great ... so what happened?Well , to avoid starting this review on a sour note , I 'll begin with what worked . Admittedly , `` eye-popping graphics '' and Gameboy do n't really belong in the same sentence , but I was still amazed at the detail and beauty of the game world . The graphics were on the level of Golden Sun -LRB- which if you 've played it , you know what I mean -RRB- . Hobbiton was lush and I enjoyed checking out Bag End and interacting with other hobbits . I also appreciated the fact that the game took very few liberties with the text , allowing the player to experience much of the Tolkein world.However , this game was dull - with a capital 'D ' ! The rich and detailed world of LOTR was overwhelming and burdensome , and much of the nuanced details that make the book so enjoyable simply served as wearying breaks in the action . I found myself wandering for long stretches on fetch-and retrieve missions and talking with every minor character in the ever mentioned in the book . The Tom-Bombadil/Old-Man-Willow section was particularly tedious and made me want to bludgeon myself over the head with the Gameboy . After arriving in the mines of Moria , I experienced several problems with the game crashing -LRB- ! -RRB- and with the dungeon maze being very dark and confusing -LRB- On a non-backlit Gameboy I found myself huddling under a night-light and squinting in frustration -RRB- . The crash problems were unacceptable . Due to the utter lack of variables from system to system , and the fact that game-patches are not possible , I felt as if any problems with the game crashing should have and could have been fixed before release.Additionally , the open-ended game-play that is promised means little more than being able to talk to a lot of people who really have nothing to say that adds to the plot of the game . After a while , I found myself unwilling to explore because I was afraid of other crash problems - and quite simply did not care.Lastly , the combat system made me feel as if I was drunk . It was true , as the box stated , I could play all the characters and that the particular turn-based engine that the game uses is unique , but what this end up meaning is that battling is burdensome and tedious . I expect that this `` revolutionary '' system will continue to be unique because it is very ill-conceived and executed.In short , this game was not fun . The designers did a sloppy job and the universe as they conceived it does not do the material justice . I would not even recommend the game to die-hard LOTR fans as it is not worth their time - read the book again instead .
 I was shocked to find so many glitches in this game ! Give me a break ; should n't products like this be tested and retested ? I am not even talking about the silly and useless actions I was forced to take to make certain events happen , I am talking about outright glitches ! I totally gave up when I got stuck in Rivendell . I ca n't leave the place ; the elves wo n't give me an item I need and there is nothing I can do except start over from the beginning . Forget that ! I started Two Towers ; it 's much less boring and inane , and so far , no glitches .
 This game was fun until I got to Rivendell and I could n't find Gimli . I had read this was a bug and I thought I was prepared because he was supposed to be in a certain location that I read about online , but he was n't there ! I could not leave Rivendell and then I found another bug where if I dropped items and left the room they simply disappeared in Rivendell . I could n't continue and was very frustrated . Up to then I thought the game was cool . Now I 'm very unhappy .
 Basically , if you ever played mario on the N64 , you know what this game is going to be like . It 's the same type of scenario where you do various things in each level to achieve stars -LRB- or hearts in the case of this game -RRB- . The graphics are cool , but I just became bored due to the dejavue factor . I was dissapointed .
 With . . Mario Sunshine , Metroid Prime , Star Fox , Zelda , & Wario World who 's going to have time for this ? Please ~ Acclaim ~ no sequels . Truthfully the first level was so boring I did n't care to go further . I know it reeks that you may have payed ~ x ~ amount of $ 's for this game , but do n't beat yourself up . Just brush it off and buy one of the other games I mentioned above . I can only give a few nods for good graphics , sound and idea . Hence the 2 stars .
 I bought this game and it really sucks ! The reason that I bought this game was because I like Rocket Power a lot , and I thought it would be cool to have this game . Once I played it I got bored and wanted to sell it . It doesnt save at all . You have to write passwords down!If you are planning to have this game , you shouldnt ! Dont waste money for the worst game I 've ever played .
 Yep thats right 12 games for 9 Bucks . No kidding . Yeah . But the only reason why i gave it 4 stars is the fact that yeah you get all of those games but you get 2 repeats -LRB- galaga , gal Im not saying i dont like the game -LRB- considering that i bought it solely for the galaga & ms pac man -RRB- but it should be more of a selection than just having all the galaga 's Some might disagree with me but oh well . The fact that it has all these old original arcade titles loves it . It would be better with a regular tv rather than a wide screen , as all the games are narrow . Funplay its like being in the arcade all over again , difficulity - that digout game is the only one that i am having trouble with ! and graphics -LRB- who cares -RRB- Your playing your favorite titles which is why you bought it so dont cry for mommy if its not in HD!For the money you cant go wrong
 * CHESS MASTER - XBOX * Let me start by saying my family and I love chess . I 've been patiently waiting for a chess game on the XBOX since the consoles release . Surely , Chess `` Master '' will be great , I mean you ca n't go wrong with chess right ? WRONG ! I suppose this game is fun if you 're really into playing chess online or by yourself at home . However , I do n't have an online account and if you want to play with a friend , at home on the same console , you 'll be passing the controller back and forth . So much so , you 'll wonder what the designers were thinking . Trust me , that gets old very quickly.I specifically purchased this game to sit down and play chess with my wife and kids . Can you imagine how upset we all were when we found out we had to pass the controller back and forth to each other for each move ? Why not a 2 player/2 controller system ? To me it just ruins the game ! I do n't have online play and playing the computer gets old ... fast.IN FINAL
 * CHESS MASTER - XBOX * Let me start by saying my family and I love chess . I 've been patiently waiting for a chess game on the XBOX since the consoles release . Surely , Chess `` Master '' will be great , I mean you ca n't go wrong with chess right ? WRONG ! I suppose this game is fun if you 're really into playing chess online or by yourself at home . However , I do n't have an online account and if you want to play with a friend , at home on the same console , you 'll be passing the controller back and forth . So much so , you 'll wonder what the designers were thinking . Trust me , that gets old very quickly.I specifically purchased this game to sit down and play chess with my wife and kids . Can you imagine how upset we all were when we found out we had to pass the controller back and forth to each other for each move ? Why not a 2 player/2 controller system ? To me it just ruins the game ! I do n't have online play and playing the computer gets old ... fast.IN FINAL
 If you want to play chess , go grab a real chess board .1 . The two player mode is n't really two players . You have to share the same controller . Yes , you literally have to pass the controller back and forth for every move .2 . No one plays this game on Xbox Live .
 when I insert the disk the screen says you must attach hard drive to play . i have a 4 gig hard drive attached but it still wo n't play
 These versions do not play like the original games . I 'm amazed that they do n't just write an emulator so that they can get their games right !
 Just like a real museum , everything in Namco Museum is OLD . I grew up in the 80 's . I played Atari and Colico . I remember Pong , Missile Command and many others . I remember that they only kept my attention for about twenty minutes at a time .
 These reveiws are a prime example of why you should NOT buy your children video games .
 this game is just like all the other nickelodeon games ; bad graphics , too many codes and pointless goalsi was stupid enough to buy it without renting it from a video store first . just as i did with 5 nickelodeon game boy games that were way overpriced . please dont be as stupid as i was ... i suggest you DO NOT buy it .
 If you want a game for the whole family to enjoy , get Shrek.Just because the cartoons may be good , does n't mean the game is.My 6 year-old does n't like it .
 This game is a piece of ... . The system requirements on the box are misleading . It is tough to explain to a six year old that his brand new game ca n't be played until you upgrade your video card , even though no reference was made to it on the box.And when the game finally works it looks like a hybrid of 2000 technology meets 1977 graphics .
 This game is ridiculously hard for a game with `` Nickelodeon '' on it . I was expecting something easy that my 5 yr old would like to play . Spongebob and Tommy let us down . Hard . Very little point to the game on multiplayer , some of the levels I -LRB- a gamer of many years -RRB- can not figure out the moves to and in the end the case makes a great coaster . My daughter is a much bigger fan of Cel Damage and Rayman Arena . XBox needs more kids games , but this one was a waste of money . I wo n't be taken in by the `` Nickelodeon '' name again .
 This game is only for kids and if you play the game for a while you will get bored unless you are usually the age of 8 or under . The game is cute . I 'm not looking for cute games . I mean shooting water , getting slimed , and doing a food fight is for kids . When you buy it , you will only like the games for probably like the game for 3 days unless you are a big Nickelodeon freak .
 I am sad to say after being so excited to get my kids this game it is horrible . Do n't waste your time . Save your money and wait for a better , or get a different game . IGN.com gave this game a 1.1 out of 10 also . Which I read after playing it . Sadly this game is only frustrating and no fun . Save your MONEY !
 I was excited when I first saw this game . We are always looking for a game for our young children to play . There it just not enough games for young children on x-box . This game was a big disappointment ! There did not seem to be much of a goal to shoot for while playing . There are so many players on the screen at once that it is difficult to fine your player . It just was NOT FUN !
 This game is the worst Nickelodeon game I have ever played . It has horrible graphics and I do n't think it portrays any Nickelodeon character at all .
 We got this game for our 7 year old when xbox still had so few little kids games . This is the worst game we have ever purchased . It is hard to figure out ... hard to play ... and hard to see what you are doing . It just feels like pushing all kinds of buttons until the game ends.Also ... many levels that my daughter would want to play are ` locked ' and the game is so hard to win that she will never get to play them.The game has been collecting dust since the 1st week we bought it .
 Maybe I did n't give the game a chance , but I could n't because I would get motion sick too quickly . Maybe it 's the very bright colors or the high-pitched music or the constantly going around in circles , but I was hanging over the side of my TV , turning green within 15 minutes every time I tried to play this . I was on the Baby Easy level , too , and I did n't find it all that easy , but I 'm not a kid . No doubt it 's probably a lot of fun later on when you get vehicles and stuff , but I could n't even put together the snowman in the beginning levels . To its credit , the Baby Easy level does let you win even when your skills are horrible because I was a huge failure as far as navigating a river , and the game still applauded me and advanced me to the next level . -LRB- And still I could n't put together the snowman . I am such a loser . -RRB-
 Do you want a game that makes you frustrated ? Do you want a game that gives you an excuse to throw your GBA at a wall and hit it with a hammer ? Do you want a game , that makes you bang your head on a wall over and over again ? If so , buy the game ! If not , oh sweet mary do buy it ! Please do not buy this ! Please ! This game is self-proclaimed to be a difficlulty level for children . You would need to have the devotion of a Shaolin Monk to master this game ! It 's soooo fricking hard ! It 's like trying to play Mario Party 4 while having a seizure . THe Japanese to English translations are terrible ! The story make no sense , like all japanese games . There is this `` soul of hero '' trying to fight `` the choas '' . Oh and If you die , you either get to use your soul to revive you to the last check-point , or trade in your soul for `` Devil Mode '' . `` Devil Mode '' is when you get unlimited hp and magic for 6 minutes and you die . THis game is n't worth your time , or money .
 It did n't work . I was excited that it came in fast . but the game does not work . it made my kids sad . Waste of money . I do not recommend buying this game . First time it happened to me . Good luck if you decide to buy it .
 This game can NOT be played on the Xbox system that is sold in the stores today !! Maybe I should have known that , but I did n't . I feel as thought sellers should have pointed this out in their ad.My son has an older Xbox , and I am currently waiting for him to get that out of storage to see if the game will play there . Until then , my rating of the transaction is that it was the worst for me ever on Amazon.com , but that may change to an OK .
 I have got it with a crack in the disk when I got it and also I do not now how it play I can not play it with the crack in the disk and yes I let them now about it nothing was done about it
 OK , I 'll admit it - I 'm hooked on CSI -LRB- the Las Vegas original , that is -RRB- , and thought the game version would be an enjoyable romp through the world of Grissom , Catherine and the team and the seedy criminal underbelly of Vegas.Well , the characters translate decently enough to the game platform , which has its moments of fun , and many of the crimes are imaginative , but that 's really about it.The frustrations with this game outnumber the enjoyments . Outside of the specifics of each case , the main characters are limited to a small number of responses , which quickly become tiring . The point and click interface means that you 'll be combing each scene for a pixel-sized clue . If you like that kind of thing , that 's great , but I 'd hoped for more cerebral ways to solve the crimes.On top of this , the Xbox version at least seems to include a fair number of bugs . On occasion , questions you can ask the team members will mention characters or places that have n't yet cropped up in the investigation . DNA or fingerprint samples that clearly visually match wo n't , and vice versa , so these segments move from observational , skill-based tests to a matter of clicking mechanically on every option until the `` right '' one is found.Working through the cases becomes an exercise in patience , more than fun . I really ca n't recommend this title .
 only the first case is fun and the rest are stupid . dont waste your money on this game like i did
 I bought this game thinking it was going to be cool as hell , But I was sadly mistaken when I got halfway through it and I kept hitting glich after glich . I thought it was my Xbox , but I took it to a friend 's and glich after glich . I guess I got the worst game in history , but that 's what happens when you get a massed produced game like this one
 I can not rate this item since I can not load it , it will NOT run on Windows XP , you must have Windows 95 which makes it pretty much obsolete . It does not say this clearly in the product description
 I purchased this game and it would not work . I contacted the manufacturer -LRB- Oxygen -RRB- and they asked to send them a diagnostc . I sent this information and never received a response -LRB- it has been one week -RRB- . I contacted them at least ten times , I also called them and left a message without a reply.Subsequenty I learned from my computer manufacturer that this game requires a T & L accelerator card which is not included in laptops and the game will not work on laptop . This information could easily have been suplied by them instead of ignoring my request for support.I will never know if this game is any good or if it will work and I am stuck with it.Buyer Beware!In addition I would like to add that the phone support did eventually get back to me several days later and they tried to assist me but unfortunately the game is not designed for the current laptop but I never received a reply from the on line support
 I was disappointed with the amount of ON SCREEN displays there were and found it too distracting to even play . After you hit the ball there is a streak that follows the ball . I found this annoying . I ended up taking it off my computer and found a different game that I like MUCH better . I 'm glad I did n't pay a whole lot for this . It was disappointing .
 i wasnt able to get it to play , but for a $ 1.99 you cant expect much .
 it has some nice features and it 's too bad that you ca n't see them . everything is black . the grass is black . the bunkers are black . I ca n't see anything .
 This game is terrible . I bought it and it 's the only game I 've ever done the research into finding out the info to sending it back to it 's parent company for a refund or been irritated enough to write a warning about .1 -RRB- I 've played 2 hours so far and I 've heard 3 lines of speech in the whole game . I 've seen or been told NO information as to what the heck I 'm supposted to do and end up blindly progressing foward .2 -RRB- The movement is messed up . You 're either super fast or way slow . No middle ground .3 -RRB- Did I mention the only thing the 30 people I 've seen have said is `` nothing to say ! '' in an angry tone . Not even a complete sentance ! And noone has told me what I 'm doing except looking for a job as a janitor .4 -RRB- From the online sites I 've seen , it takes a patch just to be able to pass the first 3 levels cause they forgot to put in a switch or some crap . Then you get to do it all over again after you put in the patch .5 -RRB- I have no Idea what I 'm supposted to do .6 -RRB- Why am I flipping switches ? 7 -RRB- Why did I buy this game?Go play an old dos game , go outside , do anything but buy or play this game as you will go dumb operating the switch cause it lights up green and for no other reason but that.NW
 Avoid this game . I was gobsmacked to read the positive reviews on this game.There is little direction , you are left to wander about huge levels with chance bringing you across the necessary switch . The 4th level has caused me just to walk away from the game -LRB- Confluence -RRB- . I can not find a way out of the inital 3 levels . An online Game site I found said it was a bug so I downloaded an 80mb patch and had to replay from begining . Still no luck . Gamesite gave it 2.7 out of 10 . The plot sounds great but is awful in reality - the script is like a 50 's B movie and rather than guiding into suspicion about the Corporation ejects you into the Ressistance with the speed and elegance as a bad case of diorrea.I came across these reviews while trying to find BestBuys policy on returns of Software . ...
 I paid $ 2 for this at Gamestop . It is worth about $ -30 , -LRB- yes , that is NEGATIVE $ 30 -RRB- , because I wasted three hours of my life . Most of that three hours was spent working as a JANITOR , where nothing fun is happening.Most of the game play is spent walking around in circles in empty areas looking for the correct way out . Very boring . Enemies are not fun to fight . My favorite was the huge level with invisible enemies . How fun is it to spend hours going over the same layout again and again while looking for INVISIBLE creatures.This could be the worst game I ever played.Yes , I was stuck forever at the eco-dome , because there the door out would n't open . I think that might have been the bug referred to earlier.Do not buy this game .
 This is my edit to the first review . I played other games from Activision thinking maybe it was my system and SOFII ruled . No problems at all with that game so something must be wrong with Revolution . I 'm still over-stepping and getting choppy movement . There ARE liberal saves but who wants to play a game that requires you to quicksave after every turn or jump ? Borrow it from the guy near you who paid the $ $ and judge for yourself ... 1st review - Every couple seconds the game gets really slow and choppy and you ca n't control your own movements so you end up walking off a ledge and having to start over again just trying to get across a simple room . I fell in one room that allowed me to climb out once but now the ladder is busted and I had to restart at my last save point . I took off that stupid auto-run and it still runs unless you hold down the walk key . I gave it three days of messing with it , and it still does the same thing . The subtitles do n't keep up with the speaking so that 's annoying also . It 's pretty linear so far . I heard I had to go to my apartment but there 's no map or signs to follow so I had no idea if I was even in my own apartment when I got there . needless to say I had no idea what I was suppossed to do when I got there . I will probably chalk this game up there with the pet rock .
 This program does have some good hiking information but it is not very user friendly at all . The maps are the worst part of it , you can either look at a small general state map or zoom to a trail map NOTHING in-between . If you want to find trails -LRB- and do n't know the trail name -RRB- you have to guess on the state which only lists major cities . All you can do is click on the small state map and hope it is near the town you are looking for . If you know the trail name then it is OK . My advice is save your money and use the internet because there are many hiking web sites that have the same or more trail information and are a lot easier to use .
 This game was nothing of what I thought it would be . I got into the second mission and thought , `` Is this it ? '' From what I can tell , there is only 5 missions . I could n't take anymore past the second mission.You ca n't scroll around like in SimCity , Restaurant Empire , etc. . It just very one dimensional . If you are looking for a game that does n't have all the bells and whistles , then this is the game for you .
 I was thinking `` SimCity helped me learn about real estate and land use in a fun way , so maybe this game might help me learn something . '' This game has no educational value . But more importantly , it was n't even fun.Okay , maybe it was fun for about an hour as I learned my way around the game . But that was mostly anticipation . I then realized that I 'd seen all there was to see . Do n't waste your time . This game is simplistic and has no depth whatsoever . SimCity is still the best real estate game around , even if it is only in a roundabout sort of way . If you want a good , educational business game , try Capitalism 2 . Good tutorials and an actual understanding of how businesses run . If you want a fun business game , there are plenty of other tycoon games that have to be better than this .
 Real Estate Tycoon is just OK . The premise is strong but the graphics and interface are clunky , the sound average , and the business functions are weak . It 's a cheap game ... you get what you pay for .
 I played the game through all levels of the tutorials and advanced to ` one-on-one ' with D. Trump ... I did okay . Then I did n't play the game for while and when I went to play it again and get a refresher from the tutorials they were `` GONE '' ! Now the game will not play at all ... . No help from the ` Website ' either . . That is just an order site only . So I would not buy this again .
 Donald Trump 's Real Estate Tycoon is a ok game . kinda hard to figure out.hardly any instruction manual comes with the game only to tell you how to install the game . The game is partly confusing Activision could come up with a better way to make the game more simple . I been a Fan of Trump 's for awhile.The gameplay is ok once you figure out how to play.I really didnt like the game that much because it was too complicated and time crawled in the game it could of went faster .
 BAD . NOT A GOOD BAD . JUST PLAIN BAD.PEOPLE RUN BACKWARDS AND WEAPONS FLOAT IN THE AIR.THERE IS NO THINKING TO DO ON A MISSION AS LONG AS YOU KNOW HOW TO PULL A TRIGGER.MISSIONS ARE TOO SHORT . A LOT OF EFFORT PROBABLY WENT INTO THE GAME BUT IT 'S STILL JUST PLAIN AND UGLY BAD .
 This is a budget title , I realize , but there are still some serious deficiencies in this game . I bought the game before reading any reviews on it , so I just took a chance.From looking at the box , you would think this was some kind of `` sports management '' take on gladiatorial combat , or a fighting game , perhaps , but when you go to play the game , it 's just a squad-based RTS game . The combat is like Freedom Force , only much less refined and the end effect is a slow-paced affair to what should be quick and flashy . I really think they could have done better with a `` train gladiator , pick fights for him , watch fights '' sports management approach than the micromanagement RTS style they chose here . So the actual gameplay is n't very original or fresh , something that I think can be redeeming for a budget game with otherwise low production values . To top it off , the interface is a bit clunky - forget repeat attacks or chaining together commands using the shift key or anything like that.Only buy this game if the subject interests you and you like real-time squad-based strategy games , and are willing to put up with alot of nits . Personally , I think there are better games out there , though . Even better budget games . Try `` Shark
 Like others I took a chance on this hoping for a different angle on a first person sim , or management fight game , and should really not have bothered . The gameplay is pretty straightforward , but even with a 256MB video card , the graphics are pretty bland , and the gameplay slow . It 's also another game where there are too few levels of play to actually be able to achieve all the game has to offer . For example , there is a good interactive section of equipment , fighting slaves , upgrades and impressive array of weapons , but financial constraints and sheer playing time invloved make them almost inaccessible . Another main complaint would be -LRB- for me at least -RRB- an easy boredom threshold - this game could have , and should have been much better , despite the price .
 This game is incredibly bad . I really ca n't stress that enough . It has aspirations of being fantastic and some of the obvious ideas expressed in it are great , but to say that they fail in meeting their goal would be a vast understatement . The game is virutally unplayable out of the box and requires you to download at least three -LRB- thus far -RRB- giant patches that still do n't fix everything . I have a high-end computer that more than doubles the recommended requirements of this game and it still runs terribly . At the price , it 's still a horrible investment .
 Capcom as of March 29 2007 has taken the game servers off line for File # 2 . I would highly suggest that you not buy this game as the computer AI is extremly horrible and the only decent game play came from playing with others .
 I was very disappointed with this game . I love the Resident Evil series , but this one sucked . Your AI partners are not very intelligent , they run around and do n't listen to you when you need them . Normal mode is actually more like a `` hard '' mode . You ca n't really pause the game as it is live and the monsters come get you anyway , even when your in your inventory screen . The online option has been disabled so you ca n't play with other people anymore.It was just a hassle to control three people simultaneously , two of which never listen anyway.The only good thing is the scenery and surroundings . Also I liked how zombies could run after you if they wanted , instead of always dragging themselves around . Other than that , I really did not like this game .
 The new Resident Evil Outbreak is boring . I expected it to be action-packed , boy was I wrong . Every level has like 0-3 zombies . I RENTED THE GAME TO SHOOT ZOMBIES , NOT INFECTED ANIMALS . My advice , try it at a friends house or play a demo first .
 This is quite simply the worst PS2 game I have ever played . I am kicking myself in the ass for not renting or consulting people before buying this piece of garbage . I played it for about 15 minutes the first day and shut it off out of disgust , and then gave it a second shot the next day ... I lasted 20 minutes on the 2nd go round . Did anyone actually test this game at Capcom ?!!?!? And if they did apparently they did n't mind waiting for the game to load every time you walk 8 feet . What is up with the other characters running around aimlessly ? And the characters themselves are ridiculous . One of the characters special power is that he throws wrenches !!!! If my city is ever infested with zombies I want a plumber with alot of wrenches to help me out , or that black guy that carries a lucky coin and can play dead when in trouble ?!?!?! Who the hell thought of these characters ? I can see them now brainstorming in the meeting room at Capcom ... `` hey lets make a character that works at a pet store , he can throw goldfish and kittens at the mad Elephant . '' Good idea , and maybe we can come out with a special Resident Evil Outbreak controller ... one that had 30 more buttons and joysticks so we can make even more senseless control options . Who are the people giving this game 5 stars ???? Apparently they are amused just as easily by spinning a pencil on a desk for hours on end . I would rather play the original tetris on nintendo than waste another minute on this game . I wish a zero star rating was possible . I was going to sell this game but I do n't wish the torture on anyone , I think It will be more satisfying to snap the CD in half .
 So much for hoping Capcom would have learned it 's lesson from the first Outbreak game . Nothing was improved in this chapter . This game still has the same stupid A.I. and annoying real time window that made the first game horrible . Not to mention the characters ' audio and text often times do n't correlate . Zombies popping up at random times just helped to compound frustration levels . Probably most disappointing is the lack of suspense and creepy atmosphere that made many Resident Evil predecessors so great .
 I hate this memory card I had been using for 3 months for Madden 2000 when it became corrupted.Do not get stick to the basic Nintendo pack.Don ' t mess around I have had a nintendo controller pack since I owned my nintendo 64 -LRB- about a year and half now -RRB- and have never had a problem.I tried to save a few bucks and got burned .
 ive bought some cheap and bad games in my day but wow ! really , this is the crappiest game i have ever bought . i finished it but was contastantly reminded how lame the gameplay was ALL THE WAY through the game . if you want to try a cheap game like this one that is good , get conan for a few bucks .
 WOW ! I was hoping this game would n't be as bad as people said . It really sucks ! No fun at all . Pretty to look at on my 1080p-but that 's it . Fun-factor = 3/10 Glad I only paid 37.00 for it . In a nutshell , if you 're under 15 yrs old , you will love this game ! If not , spit on it . What a waste .
 Every once in a while my wife will get into a video game . Usually its something to do with harry potter or lord of the rings . She wanted to try out `` At worlds end '' for the 360 . I told her it would be dumb and stupid , but she insisted . I bought the game on May 22 , the day it came out for $ 65 . Its now May 28th and the game is collecting much dust.On my next trip to gamestop this will be a trade in
 COuld of been a cool game , I love Pirates and that time in history in General , what a great oppurtunity to make a cool game but Swing and Miss. . Wish it was RPG like Sid meirs Pirate is and not so linear , I eventually got stuck on one level and quit and never played it again .
 Was n't what I expected . I really do n't like it . It seems boring . So far I do n't want to play it
 I have always been a big video-hockey-game player , from the original Nintendo Hockey and Blades of Steel games back in the mid 80 's , all the way up through the many generations of Sega EA Hockey . This one was a gift , so I accepted it as such and I figured what the hey ... I have never been so disappointed by a hockey game in my gaming life.There are several minor yet annoying glitches in the programming such as :1 . Line changes are painfuly slow . Changing on the fly is a joke . Every time you try to change during play , the other teams goaltender freezes the puck before the new line even gets in .2 . No matter how you try to set it up , the goaltender can not be switched from default starter to any of the backup keepers until after the game has begun . Then when you switch , the net is empty for a good 5-8 seconds after the puck drops -LRB- allowing ample oppurtunity for the opposition to score -RRB- .3 . The graphics are poor compared to games by other companies .4 . There is NO -LRB- and I mean absolutely NONE -RRB- ceremonious ending to a grueling season of play . Kenny Albert says congratulations -LRB- inserted into his normally annoying parting comments found in every other game of the season -RRB- and that 's it . No graphic of the team skating with the cup , no awards presentation , NADA . Even Blades Of Steel from 15 years ago had a more exciting ending to the season then this .5 . The game cheats . Your goalie can stand on his head for 59 minutes and have a shutout going , and without fail , the other team will wreck the shutout bid with a shot that would never go in otherwise -LRB- no joke - shot by a low rated player from behind the blue line , through a defender and between the goalies legs -RRB- . I could go on about the numerous other little things , but I think you get the point . Do yourself a favor , buy a different game and warn others about this awful game . I am personally appauled that FOX duped me into spending my time playing a game that is so anti-climactic when I could have just exchanged this piece of crap for an EA game .
 I mean it is really sweet to have super psiquic powers , but damn it the story line sucks !! And you suddenly start fighting strange creatures , it just does n't fit !!
 Be careful when ordering this product . I do not know the quality of this item because I never got it . I 've waited over a month to receive it but I never did . Amazon had to cancel the purchase . Beware when you order this item that it might come late , if it comes at all .
 At first impression , I loved the HyperPak ... however - after about a week 's worth of using , the memory side of the pak became corrupted and crashed on me - and the rumble side sometimes goes off on its own tangent and does whatever it wants to.The rumble , however , is still operational and a great feature - the 2x rumble really makes games come alive ...
 I hated this AC adaptor so much . It seems like it only works when it wants to . Sometimes it works perfectly but other times it turns on for a second and the turns off . DONT BUY IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY .
 This review is based on the `` Standard from Neopets '' you would have hoped for , which is very low in this case.You can go straight ahead and read the other thirty or so reviews and make your own choices , but here is a first-hand opinion who has played Neopets for two years and has just recently left.The pocketpet will be enjoyable for your child or yourself for two-to-three weeks and then tend to be put back on the shelf and whoever will run back and know the internet is much better for this type of gaming.There are three shops , Food Store , Petpet Store and Toy Store . They rotate their items around each day , which is pretty groovy . You must feed your pet three times a day for survival , which costs 700NP daily . There are three games , they will become boring very fast but you must play them to earn NP . That will add up to about 400NP , 3x three games a day . Then you must earn another 300 of the slots game which is worse then the other games . If you own one or will , you 'll understand what I 'm talking about.Though , you might be a major fan of Neopets and want any Neopet Product you can get your hands on . There are better Neopet products then this , there is better things . I 'm rating this 3 out of 10 overall . Do n't buy !
 The Neopets collection is not as good as it seems . You could only play a few games and you can not do as many things on it compared to the neopets website . this toy is not educational because it doesnt teach you anything and it isnt fun to play with . You play with it only a few days and then you get tired of playing with it that you just leave it hanging around . I dont recommend this toy for anybody .
 First I should start off saying that I am a 26 year old mother of 4 , and that I have been playing on the neopets site for just about 3 years . I bought one of these little pocket pets in hopes that it would at least mimic the site a tiny bit and maybe buy 4 more for the kids ... Well , this will be the last one I buy ! You can shop for your pet . . 3 different types of items
 I bought one a few days ago . It has already ` left ' me three times . Once was after a few hours while I was trying to feed it . It seems really buggy , my items keep disappearing , and sometimes it does n't reward the neopoints . I 'm going to be taking it back , and would n't recommend it to anybody who 's frustrated easily .
 I was really looking forward to being able to take care of neopets away from my computer but was VERY disappointed !
 it doesnt work properly it has no sound and sound will not come on yes we have it in on position dissatified the other one i bought from gundo works fine
 This review is actually for the Pocket Neopets
 Well , I actually have the Deluxe Meridell Pocket Neopet , but , well , it 's bad . If the Deluxe Pocket Neopet was supposed to be twice as good as the normal Pocket Neopet , then the Normal Pocket Neopet is quite , quite bad . Here is a rundown on a Pocket Neopet , in case you wanted to know what one is.A Pocket Neopet is very much like a Tamagotchi Connexion version 2 . But NP -LRB- NeoPoints , the currency -RRB- is required . So if you have trouble playing minigames -LRB- on a normal Pocket Neopet Negg Drop , Techo Says , Poogle Racing and Scorchy Slots -RRB- you will have a VERY hard time looking after your Neopet -LRB- s -RRB- . You buy food , toys and petpets -LRB- pets for your Neopet -RRB- at the three shops.The normal Pocket Neopets are apparently very glitchy . A common glitch is that the time passes by so slowly . This would n't be a real problem if you could play games MORE than 3 times a day , because you really need it . The instructions are unclear and I had a very hard time finding out what to really do . It has a GAMBLING game on it , and the recommended age group is , say , 6 + ? Honestly , are they trying to convince 6 YEAR OLDS that gambling is okay ? And you only have 1 minute to change the batteries . And your Neopet sometimes forgets that you fed it . I can go on with the cons.You 're supposed to use toys and petpets to keep your Neopet smart and happy . But how are you supposed to do this when this guy called the Pant Devil takes a 15000 NP petpet or a 300 NP item -LRB- NP is Neopoints , the currency -RRB- like 1-3 hours after you bought it ? And your Neopet is not supposed to run away when kept happy . Well , once my Neopet had around 35000 Happiness Points and it ran away the day after!Do you REALLY want this toy ? If you do and you know someone who has it , then ask if you can look after it for a short period of time -LRB- 5-15 minutes -RRB- . If you REALLY like it then buy it .
 I got this toy during the summer of '03 so I could have something to do on a long roadtrip I was going on . I love neopets , and I thought that a pocket neopet , would be similar to the site . Well it 's not . It really boring . There is only four games that you can play . Negg Drop , Techno Says , Poogle Races and Fruit Machine . After about 20 minutes I got bored with the games . You can only earn Neopoints -LRB- neopets money -RRB- for the first couple of times you play . So I decided that I would buy some food and a toy for my neopet . Well there is only like 3 toys you can buy and 3 items of food you can buy . It 's pretty boring . There is nothing else that you can really do . I put it in my junk drawer and havent taken it out sense . This is definatly not worth your money !
 I have been a Neopian since the hour Neopets came into activation , and I sprinted to the toy aisle of a local store the week this toy came out . It 's was a rough decision between the Kougra , Kacheek , and Aisha , -LRB- although they come in other Neopets now -RRB- and I finally decided on the Aisha . I took my new virtual pet home , excited and very pleased to find such a cool toy . I fed my new Aisha , bought him a Petpet , and played games for some extra useleaf Neopoints . All was great on the handheld , computer-like Neopia . But when I woke up the next day , I was dismayed to see my Aisha carrying a sack on a stick , running away into the sunset . What ?! No one had every told me my Aisha would run away ! I had earned over 1,000 Neopoints in one day , and I had to create a new Neopet and start again at the uncanny amount of only 500 Neopoints . I was less happy with my toy , and I guess I never really picked up on my pet very much afterwords . This is recommended for kids that do n't get bored easily , understand the rules of owning a pet -LRB- yes , even if it is on a computer -RRB- , and is willing to take the time . This is a good starter if your kid has been begging you for a real pet , but besides that ... no thanks .
 My 6 year old daughter enjoyed the toy and loved taking care of it , but after less than a month the toy stopped working . It was n't a matter of the batteries ; it simply ceased functioning . It was quite distressing for my daughter , as she had spent so much time building up the her pet 's health , intelligence , happiness , neopoints , and trophies , and they were all lost forever . Because she had put so much time into it and personalized it , she felt like her pet died , and it was a loss .
 I am a first grade teacher , and one day , a student of mine came up and said that he wanted a pet , but his parents did n't think he was responsible enough.This made me think of my favourite website , Neopets . I suggested he went there , and cared for a pet to prove to his parents he could care for one.The boy shot this down by saying that his parents would n't let him use the internet.I told him I 'd think about a solution , and he should talk to me tomorrow.The truth was , I had no idea what I should do . I stayed up late in the morning thinking about it , when it came to me.I put on my coat , and ran outside , to discover it was raining.I ran back inside , and got out my rainboots and umbrella . Oh wait . My rainboots do n't fit anymore , and my umbrella broke.I run out to Toys R Us -LRB- thank goodness they 're open so late -RRB- without any protection from the rain . It beats down hard on me , but I do n't care.I run to where the Neopets section is . Or , was last time I was there . Why do they have to move everything in their store around once a month?I rush to a cashier and ask them where the Neopets are NOW . What ? You do n't stock them anymore?I leave , and run to WalMart . Finally , I am greeted with success . I find the Pocket Neopets that have been advertised on the site recently , and purchase two of them - a blue Aisha and a yellow one.I buy them , and give the blue Aisha to the boy the following day , telling him about what it is.When I get home , I try the yellow one myself.I am vastly disappointed . It 's a bad version of the site , where your pet will run away if you leave it unattended for at least two days.There is no element of restocking , as the items never sell out , and you ca n't sell items - hey , that 'd be cool . A special thing to connect your Pocket Neopet to the internet , so that you could actually restock and you could have a shop , and sell things to other users on the internet . . But wait . All food items are the same , all petpets the same , and all toys the same . All you can use them for is your pet.So restocking would be pointless , unless you plan to sell something for * less * than you bought it for.This would be a lot better if expanded . The only fun part are the games , and they 're hardly fun at all . Poogle Races are too hard for an old man like me.And the boy who needed responsibility , you may ask ? Unfortunatly , he died in a car crash the next week.Thank you for listening to an old man 's ramblings .
 I 'm sort of disappointed in this thing . I joined neopets well over 2 and a half years ago -LRB- my accounts are alexandra265 , and starzkitten -RRB- , and after about 6 months of having this product waving in front my face on the actual site , I finally bought it . I sort of expected some game as fun as neopets.com itself , but I was wrong.There 's only 3 games on this , like Catch and Racing and that repeat game where you repeat what arrow the pocket thing asks you to . It 's really hard to win a trophy , and when you want to buy food for your pet , it 's usually sold out or costs too much . Not only that , but your neopet will run away second you turn the pocket NeoPet off.I say that the actual NeoPets Team does a lot better job on their site than Hasbro did on this little device . If you want something fun , like a toy , go to neopets.com . It 's a fun and addictive site ! Trust me , it 's pure fun , AND IT DOES N'T COST A DIME -LRB- it 's completely free , for that matter -RRB- ! Why waste money on a toy that costs money when you can go on a website that gives a zillion hours of fun for free ?
 I bought this because I thought it would keep me entertained at work . It did - for about 5 minutes . The games are VERY easy , I beat them quickly , but you can only play three times a day then you ca n't collect any more NPs , so there 's no point . And you ca n't manipulate the clock to make the game think it 's the next day . I 'm just going to keep playing until I can get my rare item code , but I was very disappointed in the game , I thought Neopets could do better .
 I got this toy for easter . From the comercials I thought the toy would be an action game like a pokemon where it would be in color and I would meet other animals and play with them . But it seemed to be just like those Giga-pets and Tomaguchies . You would get to costomize your pet like what the personality is , but that is the only difference between that and a Giga-pet . The game is completely black and white . One of the things in the game that I did n't like was that you needed to feed your neo pet at certain times of the day and if you feed your neo pet later than that certain time it dies . I would suggest buying it over summer vacation becasue if you do n't you 'll have to feed it during school .
 I am an avid ps2 gamer . I purchased this from a local store because of its apparent convenience . Was I ever wrong . The device has a battery indicator on it with 4 bars . When the batteries go down to 3 bars , I have a very sporadic connection to my ps2 -LRB- my ps2 is only 10ft away -RRB- . After a while of playing Everquest Online , this became very annoying and inconvenient . After a month , I ditched this and bought a cable extender . Another expensive lesson . : -LRB-
 I went through 2 of these before buying an official Sega VMU . The problem I had was that the nYko 2x memory card would n't save my games at all .
 unless you have massive hands , this thing is too big . as soon as i got it out of the box i put it in my hand and back into the box and returned it . spend the extra money and get a dreamcast controller . nyko has another controller that it has but amazon no longer carries . that one is good -LRB- purple -RRB- .
 I bought 2 of these rumble packs and neither of them work . I have tried them in several different games and they only worked in one and then only on and off . It would be a great price if they worked but I feel like I just wasted my money . My advice is to pay a few dollars more and buy something that will work .
 This nyko jump pack sucks it will not work with nfl2k or nba2k . It works great in sonic . Just pick up the madcatz froce pack it much much better .
 This does n't work right with nba2k and nfl2k do not git it get a madcaz one it works I have 2 thay r good
 This is the worst racing game I have ever played!Here 's why
 I bought it thinking it would be a great game , not knowing Titus ' lousy reputation . When i got it home and started playing it i was supprised at how bad it was . How bad ? Only some of the cars are licensed , and all the other ones are real cars but the physics are way off . No damage , and when you ram into another car , that car does n't slow down ' you just bounce of . When you hit a tree , the tree bounces of the ground and disapears . What really stumped me was how on the back of the game CD , there is a picture of a Porsche Boxter and a Shelby Cobra racing . Well guess what ! Niether one of those cars are available in the game ! The worst part is the graphics . You 'd be better off with Mario Cart for Super NES for good graphics ! Do not buy this game ! I bought it , and i traded it in for Test Drive 6 . If you already bought it , I suggest you do the same thing .
 The game was almost unfinished , like they had to get it out by a certain deadline . For instance the two cars on the back of the cd case are n't in the game . The steering is practically impossible without the steering wheel thing that comes seperately for like ... I suggest you do n't waste your time and money on this game .
 I have a Dreamcast hooked to my computer monitor via the VGA adapter . This game does not support this adapter , so I ca n't play it . It 's a new game , so you would think they would support this display , but alas , they do not . : -LRB- So , 1 star , since they do n't offer good graphics support .
 ... Roadsters is by far the worst gameavailable for the Dreamcast . Potential buyers beware , the cover artis the only thing this game has going for it.The graphics and sound are terrible , but what really irritates me is the pathetic play action . It 's almost like trying to play a video game that 's on demo mode . You have minimal control at best . Nasty stuff . Do n't even rent it.Crazy Taxi and Speed Devils are much better driving games for the Dreamcast , buy those instead of Roadsters .
 Roadsters has poor control , and the graphics dont push the Dreamcast . It has a pretty good concept , but everything else is bad.Buy a game like Metropolis Street Racer , Tokyo Xtreme Racer , or one of the Crazy Taxi 's instead of this .
 This game is alright . The turning is practically impossible using a controller . I suggest getting the steering wheel hook up thing . The boards are cool and the cars are better , but the gameplay is pretty difficult .
 Yes I like racers , and I love my Dreamcast . However I am very underwhelmed with this title . The graphics are sub par for a DC title . The car handling is pretty spotty , nowhere near Sega Rally 2 . Yes there are some neat jumps/shortcuts and weather effects , but that has already been done on Speed Devils , which was released months ago and is far better than this title . The `` attitude '' of each driver is only a couple of highly annoying and VERY repetive 3 word phrases . Nothing special here.Why did I buy it ? - well I was hoping for decent 4 player racing . I tried it out , and it is no good . You just can not see the track ahead in the tiny window , so it is too frustrating to race . Revolt is a much better 4 player racer despite the tricky handling.Overall this is not a recommended game . It has some redeeming points , but is not as good as the other racers released months ago .
 The product as advertised `` Requires full version of Descent
 This game is bad . If you liked James Bond , like I do you might like this game . I disliked it because of the slow targeting and poor weapons . Some positives are the red dot scope , but do n't be confused . James Bond 's auto aim helps immensely this game requires many different buttons to be pushed . When you are shot you are incapacitated for about 1 and 1/2 seconds . Which is an eternity with how fast the computer fires . It takes forever to find your friends and when you do , they usually die . All in all this game is ok , but the storyline is bad .
 To sum up this game it should have been titled , GiveBack . Seeing as how I am about to give it back to the store I bought it from . It 's poor on all accounts , graphics , game play , acting , camera work and above all AI . I have never seen such ` dumb ' enemies . I have also purchased Medal of Honor for the PSX and it by far has the most intelligent enemies on a console game ever . If you are thinking about getting Winback , stop , rethink your decision and wait for Perfect Dark .
 Do n't buy this game . I 've been playing it recently , and although the graphics and gameplay are n't bad , everything else is , especially the cameras . When you 're playing , the automatic camera angles are horrible , and I find myself often readjusting them manualy . It becomes almost impossible to fight more than two other men at the same time without dying , because you need to see them to shoot them , and therefore have to readjust the cameras ; two shots later and I 'm dead . Quite frustrating . Also , the game only has 4 guns , a pistol with unlimited ammo , and shotgun with little ammo , a automatic but not very powerful rifle with limited ammo , and a rocket launcher , with only four rockets . There is also C4 explosives . This does not make for very fun gameplay . If I were you , I would put your money towards another first person shooter , such as GoldenEye 007 or something newer .
 WInback is a good game , but because of the difficlut controls , bad camera angles , and Jean-Luc 's -LRB- your character -RRB- stupidity makes it only a so-so game.Because of the manuel cameral you have to continously switching the angles to see who you are shooting at -LRB- if any one at all -RRB- , who 's shooting you , or where youa re going so that you do n't run into those damn lasers.Your character also lacks basic moves that almost every other 3rd person shooter has . He can strif -LRB- move from side to side -RRB- , crawl , or even jump . the most impressive move he has is that his is allowed to crouch . you would thing that i specially trained , counter-terroist unit would atleast be able to preform those simple ablilties
 I fell into the huge mistake of looking at the cover of `` Roadsers `` and thinking it might be cool!WRONG!When I finally recieved this game for the PS1 , I put it in my playstation , and was let down right away !!!! The visuals '' -LSB- stink -RSB- '' , and are horrible to watch!The game play is about as fun as watching flys on the wall!I for sure regret this purchase!What ever you do , dont fall in the same mistake I made , purchase `` NFS High Stakes '' , or `` Test Drive Le Mans `` if you want a good racing title !
 Mortyr is not the fun entertaining game that one may think it to be . It is much like the Doom and Wolfenstein games . It falls short compared to No One Lives Forever , Aliens vs. Predator , Deus Ex , and Unreal Tournament . This game is quite dull and there is barely any artificial intelligence between the enemies and the player . Hold out on buying this game . There are limited weapons . There are more anticipating 3D shooters out there such as Aliens vs. Predator 2 and Command and Conquer
 no good on windows xp patches dont work dont buy if you have xp
 Yet another mediocre addition to an already saturated market of casino based games . This game brings nothing new to the table . The graphics are very redundant and do very little if nothing to take advantage of the 2D/3D hardware which is present in the majority of gamer 's machines at present . Bottom line , too little too late .
 Warning , this game does not run on Windows XP or Windows 2000 . I bought this yesterday for $ 2.99 at the local computer store . Took it home , and tried to install it . First , the setup program wanted to install DirectX 7 on my system , whereas I have DirectX 9 already.Next , I start the game , and it crashes almost instantly . Check the box ... it says `` Windows 95/98 '' . Since I have XP , I assume I 'm OK . Then I check the Interplay web site ... Aha ! This game does not work on Windows XP . Well , for $ 2.99 , it was a small gamble on my part to buy it . It might be a good game , but I ca n't tell you for sure .
 This is possibly the cheesiest card game i 've ever seen . Trust me and stick to the freecell and solitaire that comes with windows . Do n't waste your money on this .
 After playing and loving JA2 , I looked forward to the Unfinished Business expansion pack . Unfortunately , after I getting it installed and importing my merc from JA2 , I was disappointed to learn that 90 % of what made JA2 great was gone.JA2UB has the thinnest of plot lines and provides no flexibility in terms of exploration or order in which you accomplish tasks . When you crash land on the island , you must battle through 5 or 6 consecutive sectors with 20 + enemies waiting for you in each -LRB- all better armed than your 6 mercs -RRB- . If you get hurt and want to rest up , go for it , but expect another group of 6-12 enemies to pop into your sector every few hours to disturb your rest.Because you 're forced through these sectors in order , there 's no opportunity to attack from multiple sides , go exploring , retreat , etc. . Every sector was the same thing -- come in at night -LRB- daytime attacks were suicide -RRB- and stumble around from one side of the map to the other until you find them . I do n't know why they even bother with a map -- the game would have been virtually the same if they just gave you one random sector after another loaded with enemies . When you finished one , just start the next.I played through to the first town and then quit -- just could n't stay interested -LRB- which was n't a problem with JA2 -RRB- .
 Playing JA 2 : UB is like pulling out your own teeth with a screwdriver , its not only that pointless it is a flat out waste of time . JA 2 was an original game that certainly should be considered as one of the greatest strategy games of all time . This illegitimate child of JA 2 however fails to live up to its predecessors name ... First of all if you do n't have JA 2 and have never played it out fully , do n't bother playing this game . In the previous game you were ordered to take over a whole country in an attempt to depose of a dictator . While you cleaned out area after area of enemies your soldiers grew literally stronger , becoming better with the experience they gained . In JA 2 UB you could transfer those stronger players into the game you were playing now supposedly to make your job easier -LRB- I 'll get to that in a minute -RRB- . You can beat the game without this advantage , but doing so would waste your time since first of all , your missing out on playing the more enjoyable game , and secondly you 'll be spending so much of your time saving and loading -LRB- otherwise known as `` cheating '' -RRB- while wondering why you decided to waste your money on this garbage ... Secondly this game is a pain in the rear for experienced JA 2 players . I beat JA 2 on its hardest level , and found that only on Novice level do I actually stand a chance against `` super-soldiers '' who are clearly more powerful than the X-men , and the Justice League combined . Your guys do n't start out with the guns they had in the last one , rather they are replaced with pathetic pistols than could n't knock down a flower nonetheless a fully armored soldier . I found that even with my super mercs who I had brought over from the last game , my chances had actually DECREASED to hitting a shot . That 's right it seemed to me that the more experience fighting my troops had , the more incompetent they were . This is on Novice mind you ... the first time I played it on the second highest level of difficulty my soldiers were slaughtered without mercy by three guys armed better and trained better than my clearly more expensive mercs . Only after a while did I realize that no real strategy was involved , just flat out cheat until you reach the ending which is pretty crummy in itself ... Enough about Gameplay which is sure to drive you insane until the point where you try to light your hard drive on fire to erase any knowledge of you owning this game in the first place . JA 2 UB is filled with options that are sure to make you wonder why Interplay would pursue creating a game like this . The game , unlike its predecessor features virtually no side quests whatsoever , a big downer considering how much fun the side quests were to play in the original . This is replaced by a crummy `` scenario '' creator , which allows you to design additional maps with additional enemies for you to mow down . Basically this is where the creators say to you , `` We made an unbeatable game , so here is your chance to create a bunch of soldiers you can cut very easily through take their guns and slaughter the game the way you should have . '' It would 've been nice to see them add that into the instruction booklet beforehand . Since the actual game itself features very few levels and very few missions this might be worth going through , though it should be noted that the creators placed in ludicrously difficult requirements that would take someone hours to reach ... In conclusion if you like impossible games that you need to cheat at to win , game creators that take hours to use , and setting your own money on fire and throwing it down your toilet , JA 2 UB is the game for you . I ca n't believe that this game is actually related to its predecessor and I personally can not wait until JA 2 Wildfire comes out in a few days so I can get back doing to what JA2 players do best . Freeing the worthless third world country of Arulco ...
 This shoddily-constructed and haphazardly put togethor mini-sequel to one of the greatest strategy games of all time should be left on the shelf.The game begins majestically ; although I was dissapointed at the lack of an opening video , the frantic email from my employer in the last game , Enrico Chivaldori , urged me to quickly put a team togethor . I clicked a button to start the game and was treated to the shot of a helicopter soaring through snow over mountains . Suddenly the helicopter struck a mountainside and hurtled towards the earth while I drew close to my screen in anticipationSadly this was as good as the game got ... and i had n't even started the game . All of the brilliant story and brilliant strategy of the original game had been siphoned out , all that was left was a shell of the brilliance of JA2 . The new weapons and characters could n't even come close to redeeming the lack of a strategy aspect . Sure the game engine is the same , but what fun is it to fight the same battles over and over again ? Would a roller-coaster be fun for two straight hours ? Without towns to hold , militias to train , mines to defend , evil despots to destroy and a frightened populace to save , there 's nothing here worth spending money on . It takes everything brilliant about the original and guts it , making me sad I ever played it.Not reccomended to anyone , not even someone who loved Jagged Alliance 2 and wanted more -LRB- for that was me and here I sit bitter and annoyed -RRB- . 2.5 / 10
 it is ok for like the first 5 mintues u play it then it just dies and ur just killing ppl with no towns to hold or mines to increase your income and apperantly have 99 marksmenship seems to be worst then a person with 50
 i ca n't believe my very own cousin suggested this annoyingly frustrating game . if you enjoy fighting against all conceivable odds depending on your wit , if you enojoy a game that requires tactics and good strategy accompanied by good graphics and storylines then move along , there 's nothing to see here . i truly believe this was created as a quick way to make a buck , there was absolutely no thought process involoved in the making of this game . if you do buy it do n't panic , just tuck it under your arm , calmly walk outside , place it on the ground in the street , find a seat and take bets with your neighbor as to how many cars pass until one finally puts it out of your misery . now your talking fun .
 The first thing your going to do when you play this game is mute your TV . Almost any move you attempt will cause your virtual instructor to make some kind of comment . This gets real old , real fast , aspecially when you realize how difficult it is to fly one of the RC Copters.Any little tap on the controls , sends your copter out of control , so the last thing you need to hear is none stop , repeaded joking comments.The layout of this game sucks . Your restricted to a little peice of land for each stage , so if your looking for a game where you can fly around and explore , then this is not your game.I personally have never flown a remote controlled copter before , but if this game is accurate , then I 'm not ever going to waste my money on something that will end up having an ultimate destiny of being smashed to pieces out of frustration.So is this game worth it ? Maybe , if you get it really , really , really cheap , or if you have already mastered remote controlled copters in the real world . If they make another one of these games , then they need to add a whole lot more to it . Some may like it , but I do n't . No stars !
 I bought 2 of these cables and they 've both totally crapped out on me . I used one for my Xbox 360 and the other for my Motorola DVR -LRB- Comcast cable -RRB- . I connected them to my Samsung 50 '' Plasma TV . In both cases , they cause intermittent audio and video problems . When there is a problem , the sound disappears and the screen shows thousands of pink pixels . Sometimes the screen will have pink pixelated lines running across it horizontally . Recently , the entire picture goes black and my TV says , `` Searching for signal ... `` I know it is the cables that are at fault because I bought a new cable for $ 15 and it works fine . Cables from places like Best Buy are a rip-off at $ 40 for a 6-ft cable , which is why I wanted to get the cheapest thing out there . I bought these cables for something like $ 1.86 each , which I initially thought was a great deal . Not so . I would not buy these again , as they are worthless.I originally rated this item with 2 stars because I thought only one of the two cables I purchased was a dud . It turns out , they are both worthless . If I could change my rating to 1 star , I would .
 This cheap HDMI cable seemed like a great deal , but do n't be fooled by the low price and `` Full 1080p '' description . I tried this cable on both my Xbox 360 and PS3 , the picture quality was bad on both , it skips and creates lines going up the screen when I tried to watch a movie , and it makes games and Blu-rays look very washed out and fuzzy . The cable itself is also made very cheaply and feels flimsy . While it 's true some cheaper HDMI cables are just as good as the $ 50 ones , please do n't make the same mistake I did , if you buy this cable you will not even be close to getting the full experience of what your HD devices are capable of .
 you get what you pay for on this one . my hdtv looked better with my old cables . i do not recommend this product . standard definition looks terrible by the way . just looks ok with my blu-ray player . i was not impressed .
 Hooked myPlayStation 3 80GBup to mySamsung LN40A650 40-Inch 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV with RED Touch of Colorand the screen flickered really bad while playingCall of Duty
 this is unbelievable , i got this HDMI cable only for 1 month and a half and it does not work anymore . During the time that it did work , it often black out at times ! i DO NOT recommend this to anyone , this is a unreliable cable !
 I 'll start by saying I 'm usually skeptical about name brand products being all that much better than cheaper generics . I 've recently learned that while that holds true with some items , it 's not true with HDMI cables -LRB- to an extent , Monster cables for $ 100 wo n't be much if any better than a $ 20 cable -RRB- . But this is my second order of bottom of the barrel cheap cables and I 'm embarrased to say I got burned AGAIN -LRB- the others were from a different company -RRB- . These cables seem to work fine connecting my 1080i DirectTV receiver to my 60 '' plasma , but when connecting my plasma to the PS3 with full 1080p I got a random flicker every 5 seconds or so.My conclusion is this
 After two years of using component cables for my Xbox 360 , and a year of using a Monster HDMI cable for my PS3 , I decided that the difference in quality between the two was noticable enough for me to go out and buy another HDMI cable for my Xbox . After shopping around , and seeing the price and reviews for this cable , I bought it , and in all honesty , this cable is much worse than even my component cables . I tried a few different movies , and a few different games , all to no avail . Characters in my games are choppy , and pixelated , and all of the movies , even in HD quality are blurry . I decided to switch the two cables to see if it was just my Xbox , and immediately noticed the difference . This is a poor cable and I would not reccomend it to anyone who cares about the quality of the graphics on their screen .
 I 'm really ticked off about this cable ! I bought it in November . And now on August 1st it stopped working today . I took the laptop downstairs to another HDMI cable and it worked fine . This Cable on 2 different tvs did not work all of the sudden . I connected a Blue-Ray today and the connection was going in and out . I thought it was my wireless connection until I realized the video out to the tv was not working on the laptop where an internet connection was not necessary . No warranty.It does n't matter if it 's a good deal if it does n't even last a year ! I have HDMI cables that have been connected from receivers , etc. to the tvs for over 5 years ! I wo n't buy from here again ! .
 This HDMI cable occasionally crackles . If the connection is jostled , the noise goes away but it works itself loose again . Our other cable did n't have this problem with the same DVD player and so I 'm blaming it on the cable .
 Do n't let the cheap price mislead you ! I 've ordered this cable the other day and one of the cable 's tip came broken ! Believe me , you 're better off with a name brand cable that goes with whatever system you 're buying it for !
 Do not waste your money on this HDMI cord , one day it just stopped showing the picture . It is poor quality and will break on you .
 This cable worked well on my PS3 for a total of about 30 minutes before the picture became jumpy and skipped . Tried games , DVD 's and Blu-rays all with the same result . Completely useless .
 Not sure why it did not work for my Samsung HDTV and Mac book pro hook up . However , it did work for my Sony HDTV and regular HDMI hook up . Not too happy because I have another better quality HDMI cable that works for both set ups . Sticking to the better cable .
 Cable works with some combinations of devices but does n't work at all with others . Works on one TV with my Xbox , another it works with the computer but not the Xbox while one of my other cables works flawlessly . I 'll be buying a slightly better cable next and trashing this one .
 after hooking it up the connection produced blue flickering spotsi ended up going to costco paid a little more but the reception was perfecti threw the sanoxy outi guess you get what you pay for
 I got this for my Apple TV1080P . It works just fine on my older 720P Apple TV , but cuts in and out on the 1080 ... spend the extra couple bucks and get a better cable . Because I believed my cable to be capable of full 1080P , I brought my Apple TV back to the store ... I should have known better
 Got two of these cables for my Samsung 52A650 television . The HDMI cable from my cable DVR works great 99 % of the time -- a couple glitches here and there , so I may replace it in the future.The HDMI cable from my Blu-Ray player to the TV had problems from the beginning . Would be watching about 30 minutes , then * poof * just static and snow on the screen . Bumped the cable a couple times and it would be ok ... until the next time . That one finally went into the garbage and I replaced it with at $ 29 cable from Philips , which works flawlessly.At the price , it 's an ok deal , but buy at least two for each device you plan to hook up as it 's likely one of them will be defective .
 Unsure how a cable can stop working after 3 days but this one did . Wasted a bunch of my time figuring out what went wrong only to find it was the new cable . Total junk .
 Bought two of these HDMI cables and took one to the cabin to hook up dvd player to tv . The cable did n't work . Do n't know if the other one works . I will check when I get home . So far looks like you get what you pay for .
 Bought it to use with PS3 but it didnt work -LRB- you could hear no audio when plugged in -RRB- . It only cost a few dollars so I didnt bother me that much , but it was part of a gift for someone else so I did feel bad that I bought it in the first place .
 This cable worked for 2 days , then quit . Save yourself the hassle and buy a better quality cable the first time . It seems that you get what you pay for ; do n't go cheap !
 It was n't what the picture advertised and did n't fit my tv . I would 've called and complained then I realized it was a dollar what could it hurt .
 I bought 4 of theses , once connected quality was good and all worked well , after only disconnecting once and reinstalling the continuity in the cable all broke they fail even with the smallest bend ! all four have now become u/s
 These are the worst cables I have ever bought . I have a 63 inch plasma TV and the picture is COMPLETELY CHOPPY ! Ruins the entire point of having a big TV . DO NOT BUY THESE CABLES !
 It may have been a fluke , but when I got this cable I hooked it up to my TV and my PS3 , set everything correctly , but no HD . We tested it out several times , even using a different TV and a different PS3 and an Xbox 360 . Cable just did n't work . I 'd recommend dropping a few dollars extra and just picking up a better cable .
 I bought this cable just so I would n't have to change out my HDMI cable from my xbox to my ps3 . The cable will work `` as long as you make sure you do n't play in HD . '' But who wants an HD cable that does n't let you use HD . I had to play my games as if they were from the ps2 era on my HD tv . Maybe I got a bad cable but I doubt it .
 I bought 2 of these cables , one for my XBOX 360 and the other for my digital cable . I was charged for shipping and handling -LRB- `` S&H '' -RRB- on each cable , although they came in one padded envelope relatively quickly . My first complaint , therefore , is that I was charged $ 5/cable for S&H for a total of $ 10 , when the only real cost the distributor incurred was one S&H cost of $ 5 . To make matters worse , shortly after I hooked up the HDMI cable from my XBOX 360 to my new Samsung HDTV , the screen display for my 360 glitched out and I suffered the Ring of Death shortly thereafter . I bought this cable specifically because the distributor said it was 360 compatible , and I am frustrated that using it has forced a general hardware failure in my 360 ... It has caused me to suffer without my 360 for the past 3 weeks , and I expect to wait another 2 weeks for Microsoft 's repair center to fix my console and send it back to me .
 Ya these worked out well when I first got them , it went all downhill from there . My games looked good , but my blu-rays on my Toshiba were terrible , the picture was jumpy -LRB- it was jumping between the current picture and a picture 1sec ahead -RRB- and you could n't enjoy the movie at all . And on top of all that , 2 weeks later I turn on the PS3 and pictures gone , cables were fried , I 'm using the A/V cables included till my Sony brand component cables arrive
 I bought this cable thinking that at the worst I 'm wasting $ 2.50 on a potentially good cable ... and I ended up doing just that . This cable is crap . Poor audio quality and the picture was abysmal . There were wavy lines all over the picture and it had very poor clarity -LRB- where there were n't wavy lines . -RRB- Used with 40 '' Samsung
 when i got it i plugged it into my xbox and worked fine about two weeks later i went on a trip and came back and it didnt work it is just too low quality i would sugest gettin a $ 10 or $ 20 one .
 When trying to use this cable with my PS3 and my HDTV , it did not work . When using a different HDMI cable , everything worked fine , but this cable did not show up as anything.The company selling it does have a very good policy , however , and I was given back my money for the product .
 Hdmi cable defective . Cable shorted out my netgear streaming player and my Roku player . Never did hear back from seller .
 Well , quick delivery . . works . . but if you are n't using a tv with 1080 static specs will appear . So only get it if you have the right tv .
 Beware
 PS3 can not reach 1080p with this cable , everything else being equal , the same PS3/HDTV works fine with the Monster cable . Of course , the price is in no comparison anyway .
 I bought this cable for my Xbox so I can get better picture quality on my TV when playing . I received the HDMI cable fine , but when attempting to put this in the HDMI port on my Xbox , the cable would not fit because of my AV cable . Cable should be a bit thinner so both the AV cable and HDMI can fit at the same time .
 the game works ok and the kids seem to use it a lot . I had to buy a flat screen to play it on cause the old tv would n't work .
 The game is fun for like 3 or 4 days . First ide like too say the good
 Duke Nukem is 1 of my favorite games . Just the FPS series I mean . I played this , and single player was ok , but not too good . It was hard to control for me and to go thru a lot of complicated structures . I mean , u could beat the levels , but it 's hard for me to move around.What 's really good about this game is the 4 player deathmatch mode . All in 1 N64 . It 's fun to kill my friends , and the Dukebot too at the same time . Only some levels like Stadium and LA Rumble -LRB- highly recommend -RRB- are good for multiplayer , since the rest r too large and more for single play.If ur a hardcore Duke fan , get this . But if not , and u like action and FPS games , rent it first . Be sure to try the multiplayer mode ! it 's fun .
 My advice on this game is to rent it . It 's not worth buying . The animation is junky , plus the areas are so limited . If you are going to buy a game like this , get Doom 64 .
 Graphics are okay . This is a pretty clean version from the computer version . However , getting around the game is not easy . This is not for beginners or people who like to be precise . The aim will move around everywhere and it feels like you ca n't get the screen to sit still for a second so you can blast an alien .
 `` Duke Nukem 64 '' is the Nintendo 64 port of the hit PC game , `` Duke Nukem 3D '' . While I enjoyed the original `` Duke 3D '' , the N64 port did n't seem quite as good . It 's been slightly toned-down from the PC version -LRB- Nintendo would n't allow Duke to say certain things , or the girls in the game to show certain parts of their bodies -RRB- , but nothing too major . It 's quite gory , and Duke himself has some hilarious and sometimes off-color comments . The assortment of weapons is fantastic , from Laser Tripbombs , to the Shrinker/Expander gun , which can shrink your enemy so you can squash him like a bug , or make him expand until he explodes . A few of the enemies are a bit unimpressive , but , some are rather unique . While there 's alot of action in `` Duke 64 '' , there 's alot of puzzles , as well , which can really stump you . Sometimes , you might spend more time looking for the exit than blasting nasty aliens . The graphics look pretty good , if not a little bland at times . Having some better lighting at points would n't have hurt , either . `` Duke 64 '' also runs very nicely , usually only slowing down during those BIG explosions . My biggest gripe , though , is the sound . The quality of the sound effects is good , with weird alien growls and other neat ambient sounds , but the music is ... nonexistent . There is none , aside from the title screen -LRB- which sounds great -RRB- . This can be a bit annoying to have complete and utter silence while solving some complex puzzles . There 's nothing in the background to keep you going . Although alot better on the PC , `` Duke Nukem 64 '' is still not bad . If you have a decent computer , get `` Duke Nukem 3D '' instead . But , if you 've got nothing but an N64 , and are craving some nice , DOOM-like action with a bit of humor thrown in ... maybe you should consider getting a nice computer or `` Duke Nukem
 not worth 10 cents , graphics are very poor for nintendo 64 The game is very tedious finding pass cards in every level to open doors gets old very quick . The aliens also dont put up a fight just there to die . Co op would be a nice feature but it is the same maps and bots running in circles is boring . After level 2 there seams to be missing the yellow card looked every where and my friend and i could not find it . A much better version of this is availible on the ps1 . definately dont waste any money on this game , it down right sucks
 How could one game bring down a video game empire ? Well , Atari paid TWENTY ONE MILLION DOLLARS for the rights to make videogames based on the 1982 summer blockbuster movie E.T. , but Atari only gave game programmer Howard Scott Warshaw SIX WEEKS to come up with the final product so E.T. would be on store shelves in time for the 1982 holiday shopping season . Well , Warshaw simply was not given enough time to make E.T. a worthwhile product . Atari thought so many people would buy the E.T. game that they manufactured more E.T. cartridges than there were Atari 2600 systems already in households . Boy , were they wrong ! People returned the game in DROVES . Here are the main gripes about the game : FRUSTRATING DIFFICULTY ! Getting all the phone pieces and calling the mothership was almost impossible while E.T. is being chased by a doctor -LRB- who returns E.T. to the `` downtown '' playfield -RRB- and an FBI agent who will confiscate all of E.T. 's phone pieces ! Add to the fact that it was very easy to fall in those god-awfully-annoying pits , and you have a recipe for disaster.E.T . was such a huge disaster for Atari that Atari had to put LOADS of unsold E.T. carts -LRB- along with other unsold carts like the dreadful Atari 2600 version of Pac-Man and unsold Atari consoles and computers -RRB- to a landfill in Alamogordo , New Mexico , have the merchandise crushed by a steamroller , and buried under several slabs of concrete . Crappy games like E.T. singlehandedly brought down Atari , the video game empire of the 1970s and the early 1980s .
 This is commonly referred to as one of the worst video games in history . I agree it 's the least successful , but I 've actually played games that are far less playable then this.The graphics in this game suck , even for Atari 2600 standards , with the exception of the title screen which looks a lot like the real E.T. . In fact this game is so bad , the title screen is the best part of the game.The goal in this game is to control E.T. and look for parts of a phone while avoiding pits -LRB- to get out of a pit , you have to extend E.T. 's neck by pressing the fire button and keep holding it until you touch the ground outside the pit , NEVER let go as soon as you are out or you 'll fall back in -RRB- , F.B.I. agents who take your items , and doctors who take E.T. to a government building . There are a lot of glitches in this game that make it almost unplayable . This is also where the **** do I go kind of games . You 'll have no idea where to go or what to do without a guide on youtube or the internet.I bought this game simple for collection and I have no plans to ever play it again unless I 'm really bored .
 A video game based off E.T. . How bad could it be , right ? Well if it was made today not very , aside from Steven Spielberg releasing a new `` digitally enhanced version '' every six months or so . But back in 1982 ... well let 's just say that this video game killed atari . It was the final nail in their coffin . First , if you have the instruction booklet that came with it , throw it away . The game designer and instruction booklet designer only had one meeting . Everything the booklet designer was told to put into the booklet was changed by the time the game was released . The number of points for doing various things does n't add up the way the booklet says it should and so on . Second , the entire game is nothing than E.T. walking around , falling in holes , collecting pieces of a telephone , and trying to avoid thieves who stole the pieces of the telephone causing you to start over . Huh ? What does the thief have to do with the movie ? I do n't remember Wynona Ryder staring in E.T. lol Seriously though , once you collect all the pieces of the phone guess what happens ? Does E.T. go home ? NO ! a flower appears with the game designers initials in the center of it . LAME ! You run around collecting pieces of a telephone by falling in holes while avoiding thieves ... yes , that 's exactly what happened in the movie too , oh wait , it did n't . Thy should have titled the game Alien Phone ... it would have sold better I 'm sure , well at least people would n't have gotten their hopes so high just to be let down.I own 50 Atari games and I 'd gladly play ALL of them before playing this one again . I only own it because , for some reason , whenever I tell people I do they think it 's cool to actually own a copy of it . Why ?
 this game , sorry this item is not unfinished but it should n't even be in the market . Not only was it impossible to complete , it made me gag every time i hear the E.T. theme song . This game should be extreme punishment for kids to suffer if they misbehave or break something valuable . Please save your green dollars and go buy Call of Duty Black Ops II or Halo 4 . Definetly the worst thing to be called a video game before Superman 64 .
 I still have n't received the product . How should I proceed to get my money back ? I ` mm really very disapointed !!! Please , I need more informations .
 I bought this game because I wanted to shoot monsters and I wanted to be scare . What a disappointment ! The monsters look blocky and not scary . It 's a bloody game . There 's a lot of killing . It 's tiresome after 20 minutes of killing people and monsters without any suspense .
 This game uses STARFORCE.The Suffering is one of my favorite games.This one goes to charity . ----- Do a Google search of Starforce.There is a site with a forum and a thread which contains this game.Several had problems ; a few had big problems.I believe there is a patch ? I stopped reading , as I already gave the game to charity.Just wanted to update my review for those interested in the game or having problems .
 This software product lacks background music in most of the games -LRB- MK1 , MK2 , MK3 , etc -RRB- . It also installs a resident driver on your PC for copy protection purposes . This software protection driver adds unecessary resources to your PC , and adds absolutely no beneift to you , or your machine . Because of the music issues alone , you do not get an accurate representation of the arcade games it tries to emulate . I absolutely recommend that you stay away from this product .
 The seller was super quick at getting this out & delivered . Good shopping experience , except for the two emails I received asking for a review - when for whatever reason , even AMAZON.com had assumed I 'd moved on with my life.The games themselves are fun & almost exactly like the arcade and perfectly well behaved in 1 player mode.However , regarding two-player mode , if you want to play any of these games without an issue where two of the same gamepad interfere with each other & make play impossible.Possible Work Arounds :1 . -RRB- I would suggest you get yourself a console and play it there -LRB- if available -RRB- instead of a PC - because I 'm positive you wont have this problem . : -RRB- 2 . -RRB- Just use two-three different kinds of gamepad .3 . -RRB- At least consider installing seperate drivers for each gamepad - just in case , matching & co-related seriel numbers between the drivers & pads themselves , might ` unconfuse ' the PC . -LRB- Though this seems a logical course of action , I dont know if that works , I could n't test it . -RRB- 4 . -RRB- Definitely check for patches from the publisher , regarding the two-player issue , although I dont recall there being ... ANY ... patches for the set , at all . -LRB- We tried that , and as stated - there are n't any -RRB-
 I had odert this game inaug had it beatwithin 3day of ordring it it not the best game but its fun .
 I never received this product and have not heard from the vendor except to ask for a review .
 Horrible . The games in here are not good and do not work well . I have a very high end PC and could not get half the games to work . Once they did work , they were n't worth playing.Stay away !
 I bought this game as part of a buying-spree for my PSP where I got the Namco game set , the SEGA set and this one . It was an attempt to fuel the nostalgia . My mistake . Except for the Namco set , all others were a dud ! This one in particular . THe controls are clutchy , the game response is off and the menu is just terrible.Avoid avoid avoid !
 I bought this case expecting from what I heard to not be as good as quality as the XCM but I was very surprised to find out just how bad the quality really was . After ordering this case from Ghost Case I recived the order fairly quick , opened the box and it was a disaster . I recived 2 tops , 2 bezels , and Two DVD spindles , No bottom , so it gets worse , Only one face bezels in the box was the way it should be every other piece in the box had a huge crack on it or busted chips out of it . Just handling one of the tops and seeing how bad it would look by placing on my xbox it went on without that tight of a fit but low and behold another crack :-LRB- These cases are garbage and should be avoided like the plauge .
 These cases are super brittle , I bought one recently from this seller , and in the past on ebay . In both instances the cases have been tough fits . The cases are SUPER brittle and will more than likely crack on you while screwing them on -LRB- like mine did -RRB- . I am pretty upset at the cost of them for how cheap they are . I now have a nice transparent case with a huge crack down the middle and a DVD drive that wont open . ... . not worth it
 i preordered this game and played it as soon as it arrived . i 'm a huge fan of all the previous burnout series -LRB- they 're just so awesome and fun to play -RRB- . this game right off the go has great graphics and music is ok . but this game is a big letdown.reason 1 . no split screen . so if you want to play multiplayer , it 's on either xbox live or lan with another xbox . you ca n't do split screen like the previous game.reason 2 . the menu system is totally confusing and though it looks `` cooler '' graphically , the interface is counterintuitive.reason 3 . not as fun as they 've changed some of the dynamics of the game physics -LRB- ie crashing into the rear of cars at higher speeds , etc -RRB- . they 've made things a bit more realistic as in actual damage rather than allowing me to just plow through at any speeds and such.reason 4 . did i already mention no split screen ? i think i got the most fun out of playing it with someone else right next to me , like takedown races.two stars overall because first person is still fun , but the fact that multiplayer has been greatly reduced to nothing dropped the rating down big time . i went back to playing burnout revenge.good rental game but i jumped on the preordering bandwagon because of the previous successes with the burnout series .
 I wish I would have known the following before I wasted $ 60 on this.Road Rage is still my favorite except Open World = No Instant Restart = Lame . Constantly checking the map sucks . Crash Mode is gone . And there 's no split-screen . With the Burnout series the only thing I want to do is Crash Mode and Road Rage with my wife . Thank you EA for making my wife cry!Now go make Burnout 6 fun again ...
 I bought Burnout Paradise because of how much i like Burnout 3 and Burnout Revenge . Everyone i talked to just loved this game . Now when I popped this game in my 360 i was taken away with the nice graphics and the speed and flow of the game was great . But after spending about thirty minutes playing the game i realized it is more frustrating than fun . If you do n't care about endlessly crashing and losing than you will have fun with this game . I do n't like the open world aspect to the game because it is very difficult to hit your turns when you constantly have to look at a bad map while going at full speed . The desicion to force the gamer to rely on a map really hurts this game . It reminds me of another game called midnight club on the ps2 which had terrible gameplay . This game is very dissapointing and now I have to go back to gamestop and get back my copy of burnout revenge .
 Burnout Paradise is a step down from its predecessors . It does n't offer Multiplayer offline and the different game options are all in the campaign . It also makes you buy other features in the game . I just wish I have borrowed it or bought it from a yardsale
 I received this as a gift . A week or two later I gave it to a friend because I did n't want it , it 's nowhere near as fun as previous Burnout titles . So many of the things that made those games fun has been taken away , and this game feels far too repetitive and one-dimensional to offer much else on its own . I was bored with it after an hour or two , I certainly feel bad for anyone who paid $ 60 for it .
 First off , I 've played Burnout 3 and Burnout Revenge so I have some experience with past games . Somehow they managed to mess up a good thing , as after playing this for about an hour or so I was already frustrated . Instead of just picking events you want to play , you have to drive around to the one you want . & considering how huge the map is , it 's more frustrating then fun . & a lot of times I lost races just because of glare from the sun -LRB- yes , I have no idea why they 'd put glare in the game . -RRB- Honestly I 'd just play Burnout 3 or Revenge , they 're more fun than this game will ever be .
 I 've played ... well obsessed over Burnout 3 Takedown and 4 Revenge and found them each awesome ... heck my wife once she played them at my brother in-laws said let 's get a big screen tv and an XBOX360 . Seriously ... that good of a set of games.So we took a look at Paradise from the local video store ... and were greatly disappointed . The open world denies you that quick bit of unrelenting rage that you can dish out on your fellow drivers in Revenge or Takedown . You start off with a horrible car that you constantly need to fix to even keep up with other cars in race events . The GPS map system has a lot to be desired since you ca n't plot new points like in GTA , and the map does n't include the route . To navigate you have to wait for annoying `` turn signal '' flashes -LRB- that are out of synch with your speed by the way -RRB- to point the way , or memorize the routes -LRB- I do n't see how this positively changes the gameplay experience by making an open world with fixed routes that you have to memorize btw -RRB- . Needless to say - I found myself in last place in a number of races because of being turned too quickly down some goofy road that is in a 5 way intersection . Thus you ca n't just jump into the game and smash things here and there . You ca n't just exit a race when you do poorly - you actually have to finish it . There are no points for not winning . And from the limited amount we did play there was n't the fun meters of death and destruction like takedowns and dollar amounts of damage.I loved the previous versions head to head competitions for crashes with a single controller . I loved the way you could just switch off after a single event was cleared . This however is just long intervals since you have to keep driving back and forth all over the board to get to the new cars or hunting for cars that become available if and only if you take them out . Burnout Paradise lost it 's value to me when it became an adventure game.It looks really really really good ... but it 's not like it changes time of day , you can get out of your car or anything like that upon taking on a personality like GTA it is competiting with . The damage effects are almost pointless since you can lose a front axle but then drive away after the crash scene completed -LRB- seems a bit odd -RRB- . I liked the previous versions with the events where you fly all over the world and compete - even if they are just a few variations on the tracks . Why screw around with a single city?What happened is they took an arcade style game and turned it into a reality style game . I loved the arcade style . The reality style ... that 's what GTA 's for.Bottom line - Paradise makes you work hard for your fun . Revenge and Takedown allow you to pop in for a game of takedowns and punch out ... quickly - arcade style .
 I had reviewed this once before . My review along with many others just vanished . Very curious . So , here it is again : I like about 60 % of this game . The racing is as fun as I remember from Takedown . The city looks amazing . The free-roaming aspect works pretty well . I 've been busy tracking down super-jump spots . The races and road rage events -LRB- my favorite -RRB- are perfect , once you find them.The Marked Man event feels like a race you ca n't lose , I 've yet to be wrecked more than once by the cars supposedly out to get me . Maybe it gets trickier with a higher level license.I do miss crash mode . It was too fun and too much a signature of the Burnout franchise to go away . Showtime is NOT a suitable replacement . Showtime is this awkward crash mode/aftertouch replacement that lets you tumble down the road smashing everything in your path until your boost meter is empty . Since you can build up boost as you crush cars , some of these Showtime rolls can go on for ridiculous lengths of time . It seems pointless ; I 'm not a fan.Something I am a fan of is having to take down a car to add to your collection . After winning some events , the annoucer will tell you a certain make and model of car is loose on the streets , if you take it down -LRB- crash it -RRB- it 's yours . I 've had some fun chases going after these cars.Now for my major gripes . I like roaming around and exploring . I 'm fine with the open world . Just not all the time . Once in awhile , I want to hop on , run a few road rage events and be done . I do n't want to drive across town to the previous -LRB- or next -RRB- event . That 's a bit too much like reality . Why on earth did they remove the ability to jump to the start of an event from the map screen ? Add the option to quick start events from the map when you do n't feel like driving from point A to point B.Also , you ca n't restart a race . Without the helpful arrows pointing your way , you will get lost , hopelessly lost . Staring at the tiny navigation map while trying to avoid a high speed crash is just frustrating . Granted , you will learn the routes given time , but as the races get tougher you 'll need to repeat them in order to win . In Revenge and Takedown when you crashed early in a hard race you were better off restarting . Here , you 're just out of luck.It seems like the single player experience got the short end here . There 's a hard to define fun factor missing . Which is a shame , because I loved the past couple games in the series . Each had the perfect splash of `` arcade '' . Which is exactly what I 'm looking for from Burnout , I want that constant motion ; I want to be assaulted by speed ; I want to careen around corners , blast opponents off the side of a bridge , and smash traffic ahead like pinballs . It just is n't here . So , I 'm going to keep my money .
 I 've been waiting for this game for over a year now . One of the great things about Burnout Revenge was the fact you could crash into other cars and get a power boost ... with Paradise if you hit a car from behind going to fast you will crash ... why ? The race mode is horrible now , you have to keep your eye on the map the whole time because there are so many different routes to take , playing with somebody else is n't nearly as fun because the takedowns are n't nearly as frequent . What a huge let down compared to Revenge .
 Say goodbye to fantasy INDESTRUCTIBILITY and HIGH SPEED.Say hello to real-life CONSEQUENCES and NAVIGATION.They removed everything that made the Burnout series fun.Is this a pansy family-appropriate sellout or what ? - if you barely nick another car you have to go through an annoying wreck film , and it happens a LOT-and when I say a LOT I 'm not exaggerating-this game is a far cry from the Burnout you know and love.-You have to navigate through a complicated city map AND keep your eyes on the road . Look at the map for one second , nick a parked car andblammo you lose.-If you fail a race you HAVE to finish it . That is probably the most irritating thing about the game . It is easy to make a wrong turn or get yourself on train tracks and end up going the wrong way . You cant simply quit . You have to find your way back to finish the race , and then face the `` YOU FAIL '' movie animation.Say goodbye to the thrilling rush of high speed.Say hello to the annoyance of navigating and parked cars.Say goodbye to the unbridled glee of plowing through traffic indestructible.Say hello to delicate cars made of glass.Say goodbye to the glorious CRASH mode of the old series.Say hello to ten times the work and one tenth the fun.Consider Revenge the last game of the series . Paradise is a blight .
 Often when a game company says they are going reinvent a game , especially one that has such a great history as Burnout , I get a bit nervous . Unfortunately my worries were warranted . Yes the open map is great . The graphics look outstanding and the sense of speed is still there . The big problem is that they removed or drastically changed two of the best parts of the game . No split screen makes the game single player only unless you want to hook up two xbox 360s on lan or use xbox live . The lack of co-op takes this down a full two stars for me . Playing with a friend or roommate was some of the most fun I 've had with this console . The other star is removed because of the lack of a restart and crash mode . I 'm not really sure why they thought that it would be less annoying , because no restart makes this one of the must frustrating racing games right now . Then we have the lack of crash mode . Seriously , your franchise was sort of built on this idea and you remove it ? Showtime is not even remotely the same except for the money you gain . Which , by the way , I have yet to find a use for . The challenge of having to play a run to hit cars and figure out how to create that stunning chain reaction is completely gone . Now , you can just enter Showtime mode at anytime . However , all you do is flip and hit cars . If you can get the timing down , you can essentially bounce across the entire map . Which is just boring . All in all , it 's a great racing game and a great looking game , but this is n't Burnout .
 I hate this game . I can not express in words the degree to which I hate this game . If this game were a person , I could run it down with my car and not feel the slightest twinge of ethical concern . I hate it so much it leads me to forget things that I 've been trained to know are right and good and simply shout expletives in its general direction for the next few hundred words . Fortunately for this game , I 'm not quite that much of a jerk.Imagine that you took Test Drive
 After playing games like Burnout 3 , this game seems a little shallow , the open world is n't as fun as it sounds , there are n't too many tipes of game , the showtime is great at first but after a few times it 's just boring . . the game has great graphics , great controls , but Burnout used to be a good crashing game . Now the crashing seems to be a secondary objective in a game that does n't have a primary one .
 I have been a fan of Burnout since I played Burnout 2 , and I completely feel like Burnout Paradise ruins the franchise and sucks all of the fun out of it , and here is why : Burnout has always been about racing crazily and since three it has been about the takedowns . However , both of these aspects are greatly diminished in this game . Because of the open world nature there is no set path from point A to point B , this means that in most of the races I have played , with the exception of the very beginning of the race I do n't even have a chance for takedowns . The racing itself is diminished because I do n't know where the heck I am suppose to go . In the short time I have played it I have lost multiple races because I either took a wrong turn , wrecked because I turned to late or to early , or wrecked because I was to busy looking at the stupid little map to figure out where I was suppose to turn that I hit something in front of me . Having to spend the entire race trying to figure out where I am suppose to go and how to get there takes a lot of the fun out of weaving through traffic , drifting , and taking down opponents . More than anything the ambiguity of the stupid open world races detracts from the fun I can have with the game.However , there are multiple other problems that get in the way of Burnout Paradise being fun for me . First , I really do n't like the open world structure . I get that it can be fun to drive around and explore the world , but that should not hinder me from doing what I want to do . If I want to race I first have to drive around looking for a race , and once I find one I had better win because the only way to redo if I lose is to back track and figure out where the starting line was , because there is not restart option . It also frustrates me that if I want to do a Burning lap , then i have to have a specific car . If I do not happen to be in that car then I have to drive around till I find a junk yard , switch cars , and that hope beyond hope that I can actually remember at which random intersection the Burning lap event was at . I know that the argument is that there is so much to do , that I can just go on to the next stoplight and do a different event , but that is a crap argument . If the game is going to have an open world structure and tell me do whatever you want to do then it should n't impede me from doing just that . Burnout Paradise really needs a fast travel option , so if I just want to do races , or just want to Burning laps , and not mess with trying to find the stupid things then I should be able to.Finally , I dislike the complete lack of crash mode . For me Burnout Crash has always been a highlight of Burnout and making one without Crash mode would be like making Gears of war without chainsawsI absolutly hate Burnout Paradise , and it frustrates me that I appear to be in the minority -LRB- though based on Internet forums not by that wide of a margin -RRB- which means that future Burnouts will be more like this one .
 I traded it away this morning and there is this great sense of calm in my soul . You see , Revenge was maybe my favorite 360 game . Maybe my favorite racer ever . It was near perfect . Not realistic , but who wants that ? Each race was beautiful chaos . That 's the problem here . Risk no longer equals reward . Burnout Paradise is the Alien 3 of this series.The most frustrating aspect of this game is you 're better off playing it safe to really pushing the envelope . Because , unless you memorize every inch of the CITY -LRB- not track like the previous game , here there is no track -RRB- , you 're doomed to catch some pointless extention to a guard rail here , a side mirror on a parked car there , etc. trying to avoid a non-combative car in your way that you no longer can rear end and use as a pinball physics weapon on the other drivers . Nope , here everything is death . Now I 'm pro death and like hard games , but the best offense in this game is n't mayhem , it 's Sunday driving . Casually drive around without turbo unless you 're trying to force a car off the road . It terrible.Marked Man makes no sense because you ca n't actually LOSE the cars chasing you , they just pop up . So why go fast ? Just drive carefully , it 's not like time is a factor . Rampage ? Again , the enemy cars do n't get you 90 % of the time , some random bystander does . So why go fast?Maybe that this game 's greatest flaw . It 's ironically repetitious . The events all feel the same . The cars all feel the same . You just change cars as another time killer -LRB- drive to the junkyard -RRB- so that you have one that does n't die on two hits or will spin around in a Stunt event . This formally was accomplished by selecting the car before the race as a menu . MUCH FUNNER ! Thanks guys . Given , chasing down cars and crashing them to `` earn '' them between event is fun ... but that 's all you do . So again , boring fast and better when it was called Rampage with eight other cars.I like the Technical merits of this game and understand why they felt this was the `` next step '' , which keeps me from giving it a 1 . But this game should be a warning like Tony Hawk Underground and Shemue that walking/driving/skating from event to event is not in itself a good game . GTA was good because the mini-games were varied and the stealing/killing/rooming `` menu '' had it 's own charms . Burnout does not for the most part .
 What happened to the reviews already left ? This game blows , what a waste . Do n't go too fast and hit a car or you will crash ...
 I just read an article where EA talks about selling advertising to the Obama campain . There 's going to be an ad in the XBox 360 version that reads , `` Obama for President '' . I think that is going to far . Revenue from sale of the game should be enough for EA , but no , they have to sell ad space so they can make even more money at our expense . No thanks .
 I have been a fan of Burnout since the original Burnout but this edition is very disappointing . There is no co-op at all , whatsoever . There is NO way you and a friend can grab a controller and play together w/o having two 360 's . While the idea of having complete freedom to drive wherever you like may sound appealing , you drive around without a sense of purpose or searching for the kind of race you want . Also you ca n't hit cars from the rear anymore without getting in an accident which takes out a lot of the fun as well.I believe the Burnout franchise has gone downhill since Burnout 2
 with all the add on to this game a simple versus DLC that allows you to play up to four or even two players in your house -LRB- split screen -RRB- would be good , but no they made it online only or one player so no internet no fun . it 's not worth it , buy any other burnout except this one . and if you want to have fun wreaking cars and people get -LRB- Saints Row The Third -RRB- or -LRB- Grand Theft Auto -RRB- you can drive around getting into all sorts of trouble . Not a bad idea the open land driving but we see that in the GTA 's this is Burnout the open land should be the addition
 I bought this game since I like racing games and though it would be fun , but when i played it , it sucked ! Its not realistic , hard to control , and just plain stupid . I only played this game like twice and hated it so i recommend u dont buy it !
 Do you like frustrating achievements that are tough to get , even after 40 hours of play?Do you like missing features from Burnout predecessors ? -LRB- like Crash mode , crash after effects , etc -RRB- Do you like poorly designed navigation systems on open world racing games which forces you to be lost and out of the race?Do you like driving slowly in traffic and running into parked cars because you were busy looking at the map?Do you like typos in your games ? -LRB- check the achievement list and look for the word `` licence '' -RRB- Well , get ready to get frustrated because you will experience all of the above when you play Burnout Paradise.First off , I have lost all confidence in professional game reviewers . Either they did n't play Burnout Paradise and reviewed it based on the press release notes , OR , their company gets advertising dollars from EA and do n't dare to write an honest review about EA games . Well , I paid $ 40 on a gold box deal shortly after the game came out and just recently got around to play with my backlog . This game is worth $ 5 . The professional reviewers gets their games for free . There is a lack of professional responsibility on their part when consumer purchase decisions are based on their reviews , hence most of them no longer have any credibility with me . 8/10 for this game is a mistake.If the developers wanted to copy games with open world maps , that 's right , I said COPY . At least have the common sense to copy the navigation system to something like Crazy Taxi . The big yellow arrow helped a lot in Crazy Taxi . Instead , Criterion decided to put street names , really ?! , driving at say 75mph . Of course the AI drivers are not going to get off course , the only racer getting lost all the time here is me . Get ready to restart a lot of races . Just check online , no one plays race mode because of this . The traffic and parked cars in Paradise City is tough because half the time you are looking at the map to make sure you are going the right way . The crash scenes are repetitive and will add to your frustration as you watch it for the one thousandth time.What 's up with the missing features from previous burnout games ? It 's like buying a car without a spare tire , not what you expect until you look in the trunk . What 's up with the achievement for parking a car ?! That 's not fun . What 's up with having to drive all the way across the map to start a race I want to race in ? There should be an option to pick from a list , let me decide if I want to drive there or use a list feature . Burnout Paradise left a bad taste in my mouth , especially on how hard the achievement were . Find all 200 billboard signs ; Park your car , in a special way ; Win these races and get to license A , etc ; My goal was to get 500 achievement points and I got about 200 from 40 hours of play . Vote with your money , I doubt I will buy another buggy EA game .
 I truly wish I would have checked reviews from my friends before trusting the critics on this game . I absolutely hate Burnout Paradise . I loved the games before this one but whoever did this one screwed the pooch . There are no set races you basically just wander aimlessly around a beautifully drawn city with no real goals of any kind . Quite often you 'll accidently start a race only to realize too late you did and smash into something and lose.WTF reviewed this game , extremely drunk critics perhaps , that thought driving around and doing absolutely nothing else was the greatest game ever ? If you love the Burnout Series just think about how the old games are and then play this game and you may hate is as much as I do . I stupidly bought the game new and paid full price .
 I have been a burnout fan and owner since the first burnout game . Every game in the series has been a improvement . This game is like a bastarized verision of a once proud series . I have been looking forward to this game since it was anouced over two years ago . Here is why , I do n't like .1 . It 's very hard to find your way around . The open world Sucks ! 2 . One minute your in the middle of the event and the next your not .3 . Where are the arrows to guide you where your going?If I wanted to play game in the style of Midnight Club , I would have bought it instead .4 . No Crash Mode .5 . You ca n't crash into anything any more . With out destroying your car.That was a majority of the fun for me.I played this game for 10 minutes before deciding , that this was awful.I feel like this game cheated me out sixty plus dollars.Now if you want to spend 60 dollars to look at product placement and great graphics this game is for you.I 'm going to be renting the next one first.I would think twice about this game . Maybe there was something to the constant delays after all .
 As a huge fan of the Burnout series , I regret to say that I am extremely disappointed with this new installment . What is truly sad though , is to think of how good this game COULD have been . The visuals are outstanding , the speed is amazing , and all the while the frame-rate is as smooth as butter . Paradise also boasts smooth controls and a pretty good soundtrack . But if you loved the previous Burnout titles be prepared for a major shock ... or several , as a matter of fact . Here are my biggest complaints :1 -RRB- No Crash Mode . Here 's an idea
 This game sucks , you have to keep an eye on the map at all times which is unbelievably hard while driving 100 + miles per hour . There is no sense of direction whatsoever , you just stumble onto races .
 Did anyone check this game before it went out ? Does the left hand at EA have any clue what the right hand is doing?No ability to change the controls . In fact , no game options OF ANY KIND except music/sfx volume and overall screen brightness.Counterintuitive menu system and GPS map.A grand total of two camera views , one of which has UNUSABLY erratic camera movement controls , the other of which has no camera movement capabilities in the first place . Want to look to your left or right ? LOL ! Joke 's on you!No motion blur whatsoever , which would n't be such a dealbreaker if not for the fact that one of the MAIN SELLING POINTS of the game pre-release was heavy motion blur on every screenshot.No speedometer , no tachometer , etc.Silly map design considering how much work apparently went into the open-world city
 I would make some word play by calling this review `` Burned-out '' but this game dose n't feel old despite being the 5th Burnout title . This game has the fun of the last 2 but this time the creators , for some child-like reason , gave into their dislike for loading screens by giving US and sand box enviorment , so in other words this game is like Midnight Club but without convieniant check points or arrows . You 'll be driving +150 with an El Camino wanting to ram you into that oncoming van but oh weight , you got ta pause the game to pinpoint that next turn , then you return to the game only to see your Chevelle wrecked . Many of us are aware that the game lacks a restart option and crash mode but my main complaint is that most of the interesting cars are DLC , that would be okay if this games cretors were nice BUT wait , they want us to pay money ! Sure its only a few dollars but come on , thats a few dollars just for some data plus over 40 kind car modellers have contributed cars for Midtown Madness 's 1 and 2 , the Need For Speed series , the Carmageddon series , and many other PC games , they 've done and are doing it for free . Despite the supposed poor shape of our economy , game companies still want your dough . The cars that you get are your average Tuners , muscle cars , and trucks \ suvs , no Tow truck or Garbage trucks like before . I 'd suggest that you 'd pick up Burnout Revenge as its more user friendly or Burnout 3 , this game feels incomplete and you ca n't play split-screen which is a feature that you could find on SNES games .
 Did n't like the product but my money was happily refunded . Would definitely do business with company again .
 OK ... I 'm a die-hard card player and have been searching for a game good enough to actually test my skills on and this folks ... is NOT it ! There is no way that a person who 's playing in any WSOP event would call a pre-flop raise with 6-3 offsuit . And in a ring game no less . And the sad part is that everytime they would hit at least 2 pair playing nonsense hands . Games like this really have to stop . I mean yes the gameplay is nice and the graphics are adequate enough . It even has a nice system to it , but none of this means anything if you ca n't gain experience from it . Due to the `` wild '' -LRB- more like amateur -RRB- play ... you get frustrated and plain p * # $ ed off more than anything else . I long for the day when a good poker game will come out and can actually challenge a poker player 's actual skill and not just luck .
 Why pay for a game you can play for free if you have an internet connection ? Basically , it comes down to how much enjoyment you 'll get out of playing in career mode . This game feels like a first draft
 Well , I wish I could write an honest review of this product , but considering the fact that I never got it OR heard from the seller , well , I ca n't . I still wish the whole transaction had worked or at least the individual had gotten back to me about it because I still want this Sims collection . If anyone is reading this who actually has it , feel free to contact me !
 my brother loves these game . -RRB- hes favorite is the one for computer but we lost the disk when i was in kindergarten -RRB- when this comes out tell me how great it is !
 Craptacular junk is what this `` game '' is . I know because this is just the same crap as the original Battlefield 1942/Lagnam . Heck , they did n't even bother to hide it . Just sneak into the enemy 's control point , capture it while they 're fighting somewhere else , and hope that they wo n't do the same thing . Do bunny jumping during infantry battles , use the vehicles to run over people.IF you get to play it . I have played this piece of junk on a university campus 's computer , which has about 23-24 times faster than the average internet connection , but could not get a ping lower than 700 . Maybe this game will be popular in 4-5 years when the crappiest internet connection will have a light-like speed , and people will be able to make battles with 64 playes and no lag.But until then , skip it .
 Bought from amazon but sent from a different supplier . I bought the hoyle crosswords computer game for my 93 year old mom . It was mother 's day and she had two other hoyle games and loved them . She was excited , and so was I , that I had found it in Amazon . The game cost 14.95 . After it was put on my visa card , the Shipping and Handling was 19.98 . That 's right , $ 5 . oo more than the cost of the game ! I guess they sent it 2 day shipping , gauging from the cost , which was not what I wanted . And If they intended to , it did n't even arrive in two days ! When I found out that the cost for a $ 14 dollar game was $ 34 . dollars plus , I was ready to cancel , but my mom really wanted it . I will not buy from this supplier again .
 I installed this wireless network adapter on my desktop -LRB- windows xp -RRB- . It worked very well for two months , then just unexpectedly died . I would try to reinstall it several times off the product CD , each time telling me a different file was missing , even though the files appeared to be installed -LRB- at least I could see them in on my hard drive -RRB- . Downloaded the drivers from the Belkin website , but that also failed to get this thing to work . This adaper would be recognized by XP , detect the network signal , but it would always tell me `` connection failed '' . Spend your money on a more robust wireless adapter .
 my AM radio has more sensitivity then this unit . at 25 feet away from the wap it noticed that there was one , but the signal strength was 0 % . at 10 feet from the wap i was able to get a working signal strength of 50 % . compared to my smc wireless pc card this usb device is useless . so back it goes
 It and it 's companion FSD6130 WAP just never were able to talk to each other , even after a one-hour session with their techies.returned both units . .
 I bought it for the price -LRB- it was on sale -RRB- . I have DSL so the . b speed is plenty . Worked initially when there was not much security . But , the moment you enabled WAP etc , it worked when the PC was on , but lost its settings after a reboot . You have to enter wep keys every time !!! Tech support -- after loooooog waits , flounders around , abliet very politely . After 2-3 calls , they escsalated the levels to `` level 3 '' who was supposed to call back with a solution , but does not . Basically , they will drag / delay etc till you give up & tey do not have to honor the lifetime warranty they advertise . Also , I had XP related problems -LRB- as did a few others -RRB- . I have been working on PCs for 20 yrs , and this is a bust . Avoid if you want security . If you live in the farm and do not care about neighbors , I think it will work provided you do not load the adapter with encryption etc. .
 It takes a lot for me to take the time and write a review -LRB- and give one star -RRB- , but my experience was so bad I hope I stop others from making the foolish purchase -LRB- s -RRB- I did
 This product is a rip-off . It causes your system to be unstable and crash . I tried it using Mac OS 9.2.2 and 10.2.8 .
 It never worked , factory support was non-existant , and that pretty much sums up our experience with Belkin .
 First , the drivers packaged with this unit DID NOT WORK . Had to go to belkin.com and download the latest drivers -LRB- not the simplest thing to do without a functioning network adapter , eh ? -RRB- . While those drivers sort-of work , they are still extremely flaky . Not signed/certified by microsoft.I use WEP to secure my network ... this device does not retain the WEP key/settings after a reboot . So , every single time you reboot , you have to re-enter the WEP key and manually start the driver utility.Signal is very weak - if the signal is lost for too long then the system will eventually hang and reboot itself.I 've been a computer professional for the better part of 10 years now and I 'm convinced that ANY product would be better than this Belkin POS . Avoid this product at any price .
 I did n't really care for this product . While it did work , the signal was VERY weak and dropped off entirely quite frequently . It received a great signal ... as long as I had line-of-sight to my access point . Put even one wall in the way and the signal dropped to about 25 % . Take it from a certified PC technician
 Instructions are useless - they 're just a description - I spent over 2 hours with Belkin Customer service and was completely unable to make the thing function .
 This piece of equipment has worked very poorly for us . It works seamlessly for days and even weeks and then suddenly will not work at all . There is no change in the environment that we are aware of , yet a good signal one day is just an impossible signal the next . It begins working again sometimes when we unplug and replug it , sometimes when we relocate the receiver , etc. . It is the computer equivalent of hanging aluminum foil off your TV antennae . My husband is a computer professional but this does not have any user accessible parts so when it does n't want to work , we are just at it 's mercy . I wish we had n't bought it .
 I 'm using this on a Win98SE PC to connect to an Apple AirPort Base Station . It sees the base station fine , but when the Belkin is touching the base station it transmits at 70 % signal strength . My PowerBook can see the base station at 100 % one floor up , 80 % on the second floor up.Belkin software was easy to use and configure . Maybe my HP Pavilion causes a lot of RF interference ? Unknown , but I 'd try a Linksys or Hawking over the Blekin . Do n't be swayed by the price .
 The device randomly disconnects itself from the WAP . It may randomly come back again , but no guarantee . The new drivers from Belkin 's web site have not solved the problem . Unreliable . Go for another product .
 I bought two adapters from a third party site on Amazon . One of them was defective . I tried calling Belkin and after talking to 4 people the problem was n't solved.The last one asked me to download some software ferom belkin before they could replace it . I called them back when it did n't work , only to be told that , '' They did n't have the power to order a replacement and I would have to wait for someone to call me back.The WORST customer service I have ever come across . I will never buy a belkin product again .
 I have been working with networks since 1994 and have not seen a worse network card in my life . It was a pain in the rear to get working with windows 98 and had to actually install windows 98 SE . There was nothing on any website , or in the documentation that stated this . Finally tech support told us it did n't work . Then on a brand new pc with XP we ca n't get the thing running either.It usually takes me 15 minutes to install a network card.This company lied about their product and it should be recalled .
 Like you , i 'm trying to set up a wireless network ; i 'd like to connect my old computer -LRB- running Windows ME -RRB- to my newer desktop running XP . I bought this device at Staples b/c of its price and because it clearly stated it supported XP and ME . Well the drivers were no good for WinME , even the newest drivers from their website would not install correctly . So it was a dead appendage . Their tech support suggested I try it on a third computer we have , it runs XP . Well it installed fine , but could not link to my network -LRB- Netgear router -RRB- , even after tweaking the router settings . He said he was getting a lot of calls with the exact same problem and suggested I return it and try another device . If possible I 'm going to get a refund and buy a little better one - maybe a PCI wireless adapter , instead of the bottom of the barrel cheapo which is my wont . When will I learn ? Learn from my mistakes folks and move along - nothing to see here .
 After spending several weekends installing & re-installing this product on my XP Pro box , to use with its sister product -LRB- Belkin F5D6130 AP -RRB- , I GAVE UP . Included CD was flakey -- so , got new driver from Belkin website . Installed & worked -- until I rebooted , then XP froze up . Had to disable an XP service -LRB- SSDP Discovery -RRB- . After reboot , USB device is recognized , but offline , and can not bring online . I have extensive experience with networking -LRB- 20 years -RRB- . Tech support was of no help . Could be an XP problem , but note
 It simply does n't work with my Win2000 & Apple base station.Not with the original driver , nor with the updates that can be downloaded from the Belkin site . Sad story . The frustrating thing is that sometimes it 's ok , but then after a while it just dies . With the whole OS . Since I got the unit , I keep restarting my frozen computer ...
 I do n't care for any of the Diablo games . If you want a game that you have to click your mouse button 50 times to kill a guy , buy this game . Overall , there are alot of better games to buy for your $ 60 bucks
 Ok , lately , I bought the third expansion collection , superstar and vaca . Vacation got boring really fast -LRB- the first hour I got there -RRB- and superstar slowed down my game so much that the highspeed time button went as fast as the regular time button . Do n't buy this , you 'll only be disapointed like me ! Superstar did n't even work on my new computer with 512 memory and 160 gb . Sad , is n't it ?
 When we switched from a Mac system to a PC system , I needed to replace the Eric 's Ultimate Solitaire that I had enjoyed on the former system . Because Eric 's is n't available , I replaced it with Sierra 's Hoyle Solitaire and Mahjong Tiles , the best I thought available . Boy was I wrong ! Sierra 's Hoyle Solitaire DOES NOT HAVE FEATURES/OPTIONS that are available on other software -LRB- not only Eric 's Ultimate -RRB- : NO `` AUTOPLAY '' , so every card must be clicked and dragged even when winning is definite ; NO `` RETRY GAME '' - you get one chance and that 's it ; NO `` HINTS '' ; `` UNDO '' is good for only one play ; NO `` FLYING CARDS '' option.Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for a solitaire game and do n't make the same mistake I did .
 This software is designed to run on a monitor at 640x480 resolution . This means that if you are using a relatively new computer -LRB- less than 5-6 years old -RRB- your resolution is probably greater than 640x480 . If so , the game area will not fill your screen , rather it will shrink depending on how high your resolution is . The window you are running in will fill the screen , but Sierra fills the space not used by the shrinking game area with black . My monitor is a couple of years old , but was designed to run at 1280x1024 . The actual game area uses about the center 1/3 of the screen . The card backs on the Solitaire are so small I have to strain to read them . I guess you could change your screen resolution before you play and then change it back afterwards , but that makes the game too much trouble for me . It is a shame too , because the games are quite good -LRB- probably 4 stars -RRB- if you can see them .
 We had the old DOS version of Hoyle Solitaire -LRB- 1988 Copyright -RRB- and when I bought a new computer we wanted to update to a current version . Installed new version and found the following
 Not sure how this package of games works on a PC , but is is not very Mac OSX-friendly , from what I can tell . -LRB- It is listed as Mac friendly , but I suspect it is probably more PC-oriented . -RRB- There are no drop-down menus , and finding instructions for the numerous games - - when there are some - - is not easy , either . The printed materials are virtually useless for this purpose , also . Finally , it seems to be fickle about whether it will let you add players . In short
 absolutely worthless - the company no longer `` supports '' this game , which means that once you install it , you ca n't get it to play - in short terms - this is an outdated game and might a swell be tossed
 Everything looks great - it should be very fun . Even the pleasure of wiping out Jar Jar and all his kin does n't make up for the fact that this game requires you to spend FAR too much time managing your units , tech levels , structures , etc. . There are few opportunities for any tactics other than ` build to the highest tech level , then swarm the other guy ' . This gets old FAST.Total Annihilation , for example , is the granddaddy of RTS games , but still has the best gameplay I know of . You can go high tech , or swarms of low tech , or whatever , and there are many many different ways to win any given level . Not true w / Star Wars : GB . Ya kinda got ta do it the way they envisioned it , and by the time you collect the FOUR different resource types , build a few dozen buildings , and upgrade ten technologies , you -LRB- or at least I -RRB- am mighty tired of clicking.The software also crashes my G4 800 running OS 10.1 pretty regularly . Only a full restart will bring it back up . The only other software capable of doing this is Microsoft Internet Exploer.All in all , pretty dissapointing . I 'll go back to playing my 4 year old copy of Total Annihilation .
 I love Star Wars stuff.When I saw this game , I knew that I just had to have it . I was not expeting all that much , so I got what I expected.This review is for the Mac version of this game.The game is OK . Some challenges and some just really easy stuff . Interface is clunky and not as good as Starcrafts . Basically , just go and buy starcraft . It looks better and is more fun to play.Star Wars
 I used to like this game . was kind of fun . not it bores me out out of my wits . Let 's start out with the graphics . Ok , the Millenium Falcon is huge in the movie , but in the game ... -LRB- sigh -RRB- its the size of about ten people . Lets look at the Jedi and Sith . The only difference between the two is that they fight differently with different colered light sabers . If a jedi comes to an enemy building , why the heck would he hack at it with his LIGHTSABER ? Its also a frame rate of oh , 3 ?! Now lets look at the mechs . There are , count em , 4 DIFFERENT MECHS ! AWESOME ! The Pummel has ... whoa ... 2 ATTACK ! there are also about 10 maps . the campaigns are just disproportionately boring . Chewbacca has a crossbow , yet he shoots lasers ! How can ewok hang gliders hover ? Why ca n't they just fly in a circle like airplanes in Empire Earth ? Also theres about 10 different animals . The terrains are boring . Grass and dark grass . If you walked by and said hi to a Gungan medic , would she \ he \ whatever say stupidly , `` Just a fleshy wound ! '' ? Echuu Shen-Jon is a black character , but in the game he 's white . C-3PO Ca n't walk that fast ! Ok , Ok , Ok lets just leave it at that there are no Pros and many Cons . I hate this game . People who think this game is `` The BEST GAME IN THE UNIVERSE '' , should breathe deeply and rethink their life .
 This is a PowerPC game . Up through Mac OS X 10.6 -LRB- Snow Leopard -RRB- , Intel Macs had `` Rosetta , '' a technology for running PowerPC binaries on Intel machines.Apple discontinued Rosetta in Mac OS X 10.7 -LRB- Lion -RRB- , so there is not way to run this game -LRB- or any other PowerPC binaries -RRB- without emulating earlier versions of Mac OS X , or booting an earlier version on your Mac -LRB- which might not be possible with machines released after Lion -RRB- . So do not buy it unless you are familiar with these issues.Caveat Emptor .
 I bought this product and it could not play on my computer , I had to dig up my ole laptop that has windows 98 and that was the only way to get some parts of the game to work , so this was a waste of money for me and i never got the chance to return it so , I lost . Other than that , I got the product within good time , that 's the only good thing .
 why must almost every game be for pc not everybody owns a computer for me i had to beg my sister to use her labtop ! i wish you would make the sim games for ps2 is really that hard to make more sims games for ps2 !! -LRB- ... -RRB- thats why i give it one star -LRB- you have to be a rocket scientis to figure out how to get to work !!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- sincerly , im not a rocket scientis
 I bought this package and when i installed them the registeration codes worked but when i tried to register the games for online play the told me it is already registered for someone else !!!!!????? I shocked and up to now EA didnt reply to me or solve my problem so simply i lost my moeny on this useless game packageDONT TRY IT OR BUY IT
 Let me start by saying I got the transfer kit to work right away on my old 20gb drive and was able to save a backup image to my PC . Then I tried to restore that backup image to my new 120gb hard drive but I was n't able to get the PC to recognize that I had plugged in the hd . I disconnected the 120 and put it back on the xbox and then booted it up and was greeted with an E-68 error code , hardware failure , sweeeet . I put the 20gb drive on the xbox and it booted up right away . I do n't know what the difference is from the 20gb to 120gb hard drive but something in this transfer kit burns out the 120 , I followed all the directions step by step on both drives . I saw no warnings in the item description listed here , in the box it came in , or on Talismoon 's website that this transfer kit was not compatible with the 120gb drives , be warned .
 it only works on old windows programs whitch i dont know anyone that still has it so there for it was a waste of my tome and money
 I have had this product for about 4-5 weeks now and I have yet to get it to work . I contacted Talismoon and I 'm still waiting for a driver for my vista machine . On the product page it says nothing about this product not working with Vista any where . So until I can use the product it will just sit on my desk tell I get some answers . I have to say that the only guy that helped me was one of the tech guys he contacted the product producer and asked for a driver for me , they replied they did n't make one so I 'm screwed tell they make one . But for the product I have to say if you plan to market a device , product , merchandise make sure it works for what its supposed to work for . As far as using Amazon all was good I have never had a problem with Amazon they are one of the best in the Internet marketplace .
 Based on other reviews I had at least moderate expectations for this game . I was very disappointed . The voice acting was not good . I have played games with worse -LRB- but not many -RRB- . The plot was thin but acceptable . The puzzles were generally acceptable , but often required going back again and again to old places and pixel hunt for objects that had become active since the first time -LRB- or second or third ... -RRB- you were there . The worst part was that the game play CRAWLED . Many times you had to just wonder around waiting for the game to decide that enough time had elapsed for a character to finish a task and allow you to interact with them again .
 adventure company does not respond to pleas for help in correcting persistent problems in running this program , their response mirrors the theme of this game
 This game is protected by star force . You will be unable to play this on most systems .
 While I enjoyed the expansion pack , this software and the two mech packs -LRB- clan arsenal and innersphere -RRB- contain the C-Dilla spyware . This is a copywrite protection program that installs on your machine and does not shut down after you exit the game . TurboTax also installs the program and the only way to remove it is to download and run the safecast uninstaller program from the intuit website . Including this program was a terrible thing for Microsoft to do , especially since it does not disclose the fact at any time .
 Got this yesterday and played it all night . There are quite a few bugs and zero on-line support as of yet . They either do n't do the damage they claim or it does n't register . Cluster Bombs are cool but also do n't appear to register the stated amount of damage . The install overwrites your joystick settings that you set up with the MW4 patch 2 version 2 . Switching from chain fire to group fire etc does n't `` stick '' and you have to keep re-switching . It may have been coincidence but after installing last night I tried a multiplayer session and we were ghosting and warping so badly that we could n't play . I 'll try it again but we did n't have that kind of trouble previously .
 Okay , there 's nothing wrong with a challenge . But I 'm just selfish and unsporting enough that I do n't want a tie when I lock up with the enemy -- I want to bring enough force to bear on them to overwhelm them . And that is the weakness of Black Knight -- mission after mission . You ca n't . On most of the missions , you ought to have two lances or more , but you will have to cross your fingers and try to beat the four to one odds with your one lance and on again , off again lancemates . Perhaps Mechwarrior
 I am a huge Battle Tech fan and have played the rpg board game all the way through the lastest mw4 : BlackNight Expantion . With that said and done , the game looks great . . lots of nice Eye Candy , and it looks scifi ` sh . The cities may look a bit more realistic in mw3 though . I do not get any lag , or warping . . but my main complaint is that you basicly are limited to only playing assult mechs in the online games.The light mechs are limited in armor and they made the larger weapons that would be able to take down large mechs to heavy . And then the assult and a few heavy mechs . . well will load up with like 7-8 er large lasers and kill small mechs in one and at most two shots . So basilcy no one uses the light/medium mechs . mediums are even worse than lights because you have less speed , and armor wo n't stand up to any type of hit from assult mechs.The blance of this game is bad in my opinion . To fix the issue they need to lower the tonage of the autocannons , gause and heavy weapons by several tons , and reduce the amount of slots available to the assults/heavys And increase the damge of the med laser for heavens sakes . . er large laser does 8 damage . med laser does like 1 ? and small lasers do like .3 ? ...
 It 's okay . It has beautiful graphics and everything LOOKS incredible . The only thing that made me give it 2 stars was the originality , these characters are n't that original and to be honest , I think DOA4 is better than this . I 'm not saying this is horrible either . If you 're into realistic stuff , then this would be a game for you .
 This could 've been a pretty cool game , but I 've become frustrated with it in just one week because of a software glitch.It seems that after you 've been running your zoo for a while , you start getting messages that your guests are hungry or thirsty , even if you 've added plenty of food and drink stands for them . Although there is a downloadable patch which is meant to address this probelm -LRB- ... -RRB- , it did n't work on my system . And the problem multiplies - soon the animals are hungry , even though their zookeepers are right there , and should be feeding them.It seems to me that even if it HAD worked , it 's a little unfair to expect users to have to go download a patch just to make the game work . Microsoft should never have released it with a problem this obvious . Have they not heard of playtesting?My recommendation is to WAIT until an updated version has been put on the market before buying it .
 I love Rollercoaster tycoon , its exciting and fast action . Zoo tycoon is so slow and scenerios are so short you have no fun trying to beat the scenerio . i just find it a waste of time and money
 This is a very poor knock-off of Roller Coaster Tycoon -LRB- some of the details of game play are so close , in fact , it makes me wonder ... -RRB- , except that the close-up graphics are terrible , and it 's very boring . It also takes too much time to get a `` ride '' up and running - by the time you do , your other animals will have died from neglect ! Animal sounds are decent , but , overall , game sound is VERY boring - there needs to be more of it . It 's really a shame , as the idea of this game has great potential . Yet , just another case of Microsoft trying to capitalize on someone elses success . In this case , they 've failed terribly . Do n't waste your money - I did .
 This game is addicting , but the graphics are disaterous , and the sound clips like mad , maybe it 's just my computer but the game seems to be pretty lame and pointless . -LRB- BTW I have a PIII 900MHZ , 512MB DDRAM -RRB-
 Pros
 I was eagerly anticipating this game before it came out but after playing it for only a month I found that I was quickly getting bored with it . It gets very tedious to make the animals habitats in a way that keeps them happy and I found myself getting annoyed with them wanting more grass , more dirt , more fresh water , on and on and on . The scenarios are particulary boring and do n't add anything interesting to the gameplay .
 There 's no excuse for this game to run that slowly once you have more than about 10 exhibits and 500 guests.What 's more , when reloading saved games , the exhibit numbers get incremented by the number of exhibits each time , and the game appears to slow down accordingly as well , including scrolling and accepting clicks.This makes it unplayable.It 's fun until it starts to choke , then it 's simply annoying.The choking on size was NOT a problem until after I loaded the `` fix '' . Before I loaded the `` fix '' it would only crash , not slow down.If this gets fixed , it will be a good game .
 I hate my maintenance people , I have about a hundred of them and still my park is trashed they just walk around out back and do nothing . My food is maxed out and my Entrance fee is also and they still come in droves . Needless to say this is a dull and boring game with little challenge and little of that `` pride of accomplishment feeling '' . I did learn some new things about my animal 's habitats though ...
 I enjoyed this game , for the first HOUR and a half ... Then I got really tired of just cleaning up dung , and having people NOT go to some exhibits . It does n't have a very friendly interface . THe only thing I enjoyed was letting the cages break , and having the animals ` chase ' the people.Saddly , thatwas the funnest part .
 Zoo Tycoon as a game is not very fun . The only part about it that might be fun is the fact that the game does not take much time and that it is very easy , especially if you have the strategy guide which is very helpful , but if you have do n't expect to be using much brain power when playing this game . Overall I would give this game about a 71 % . I 'd recommend Roller Coaster Tycoon over this game any day . RTC is at least a bit challenging and some creativity is invovled with it .
 Loaded fine but then could n't get it to run . Could n't even get back to a spot where I could get the unique product number . As it turned out , MS does n't tell you that if you are running a newer version of XP -LRB- post Sep 2002 , SP1 -RRB- you have to buy a codec , online , from a thrid party company . For $ 14.95 additional you can get the game to work on your XP system . MS support was no help . I was very upset and will return to the store I bought it from , Staples .
 At first , I thought Zoo Tycoon seemed like a good concept . Designing and running a zoo seems like an enjoyable , brilliant concept for a game . The game allows users to design a zoo , including laying out and designing animal exhibits , laying out sidewalks , and placing food stands and special exhibits . The game 's graphics and sounds are fairly good for a management simulation , and the game offers the users a wide variety of options in choosing animals for exhibits . The interface is simple to learn and easy to use . All of these things make this a fun game at first , but the gameplay becomes very strange and tedious as the simulation progresses . Some exhibit problems , such as trampled terrain , must be fixed manually , and the interface does not necessarily make this easy to do . At a certain point in all simulations , most of the zoo visitors complain about being hungry no matter how many food stands are built . A limitless number of compost buildings can be built for profit . Zookeeper characters have problems keeping some exhibits clean no matter how hard they work . Ultimately , these problems become frustrating . I eventually uninstalled it from my computer . I would strongly recommend not buying this game .
 Zoo Tycoon is a great idea and has lots of potental . Beware of trouble . Its is not very compatible with all computer systems . There are alot of software conflicts that I have come across . Tech support is so-so from Microsoft for this game . They always blamed it on the computer and its software that was preloaded . What 's so funny is that my new DELL computer is preloaded with Microsoft software . The troubles I am referring to are lock-ups , freezing and slowness of game prior to locks-ups/freezing . Microsoft needs to fix the problems with software conflicts especially when its their software that is the conflict . Graphics and the ideas of the game are great .
 This game is really bad.who would want a zoo game . Whats so fun about it . Get GRAND THEfT AUTO , VICE CITY . Your really stupid if you get zoo tycoon no matter what . thank you
 I got this game for Christmas and It didnt work on my computer , it would go to 38 % and then screw up and start making weird sounds and not install anymore . I tryed it on my friends computer , she has a much newer computer and more memory and it worked , its a wonderful game and I really hope I can get it to work so I can play it .
 People say one of the drawbacks for this game is -- because it is too much like Roller Coaster Tycoon . However , I , a lover of almost all simulation games and Roller Coaster Tycoon , I disliked this game . Unless you find the concept exciting , do NOT buy this game.Unlike Roller Coaster Tycoon the scenarios are much more boring and broad and after a while -LRB- for me , two or three hours -RRB- the game became monotanous and boring . It was definately not worth the money and now it is sitting on a quiet dusty shelf.Also , unlike Roller Coaster Tycoon this game appeals to younger age groups . My friend 's on -LRB- 12 yrs . old -RRB- loves this game with a passion.So to conclude , I would only recommend buying this game if.....-The idea of building a zoo appeals to you.-If , you are not buying for youself , primarily younger people will take an interest in this.-You do n't mind a somewhat monotonous game play .
 I really wanted to like this game . I did . The concept was good , the features seemed exciting , and I thought that I would spend many weeks enjoying the game . I was wrong . The game play is awkward . There is a patch on the website that helps a bit , but it does n't fix everything . The zookeepers and maintence workers do their assigned tasks and then wander off into the undevoloped areas of the park , and then when there is a problem you have to hunt them down and physically move them to where they should have been all along . I have a pretty decent computer with more than double all of the requirements , but the game will still crashed on me . Stick with Rollercoaster Tycoon and its add-on packs , and if you complete all of the theme parks there , then keep searching for a new game . Do n't think that Zoo Tycoon will be the fix that you need until more Rollercaster Tycoon add-on packs come out like I did .
 This game had potential ... but they never worked out the bugs ! I find myself worrying about whether the stupid game is going to crash more than winning it ! Not only that but you have to start the research projects all over again when the game crashes ... even if you saved it . The animals also have issues ... like my penguins who after a few months in zoo time froze . I truly was disappointed next time I hope Microsoft fixes the game b4 they release itHowever despite all this ... I mastered the game in a few days . Maybe I became tired with the game because I never got far enough to unlock the secrets , which can not be done if the game crashes every two seconds .
 Microsoft no longer provides telephone support for this game . They only provide support for Zoo Tycoon 2 . Since I have a new Service Pack for XP this product wo n't even run on my PC , They neglected to tell customers this as well . And still they allow suppliers to sell the game to anyone ... . Boo Microsoft !! Get your money back now !!!
 The game has great graphics but cheats like no body 's business . Just when you are ahead the computer will make you loose . It will always roll whatever number on the dice it needs and you can bet the bank you wo n't . It also has some minor problems that cause some irratation . The old man will say gross things if you are playing as the little girl . I felt the need to turn off the sound it was so gross .
 Graphics are great , but the game cheats . It is amazing , you are close to winning and all of a sudden it starts rolling double sixes , while you get double ones -LRB- in Batgammon -RRB-
 The chess game has 3 levels of play including a `` random '' selection on which level the game plays at . Thing is I have n't noticed a bit of difference in the level of play and the programming is really bad . The game will make the same moves over and over . Another thing , if I can beat any chess game at `` Expert '' the game is really really bad . Too bad the CD itself was n't good for something .
 This game has no AI at all . sure the dice can be ran through a ramdom number generator on the cross and circles games but not really . What I mean is no matter how many new games you start you always seem to be the last one out of the gate while the other players are well past the start . You would think with an AI it would be like a man that has stragity , but its really if ` x ' = 's Y , then it shows you z. For all the possible rolls it says you must have this . Not only does this happen on cross and circles , but on the backgammon board as well . No matter what you roll the computer player always gets a higher number and starts first . Real life my a $ $ . This of course goes for the chess game as well . Except maybe for random settings ; it is possible to memorize the settings as the program only moves a certian way once you do it . Memorize the moves in chess and you can win every time .
 I 'm sorry I had to give this game even one star . This game package is so full of programming bugs that it is ridiculous . Do n't waste your money . Go buy another game package .
 This game is actually a lot of fun . I get some weird graphics bugs -LRB- flickering w / NVIDIA RIVA TNT2 -RRB- but it 's bearable . But there are INEXCUSABLE bugs during game play in the poker games that make the tournaments a miserable experience . You 'll be staring at a straight flush and bet the world only to realize the computer thinks you have a pair of 4 's . Guess what , you lose to a guy with a pair of 5 's !!! The workaround is to hover the mouse above your cards and if the computer is misreading your hand , FOLD . PERIOD . But it 's extremely frustrating.MS acknowledges such bugs but has n't released a patch . As far as I 'm concerned , that means it 's not worth buying yet . It would be like buying Flight Simulator knowing that the flight engine would force your plane into a deadly spin every few seconds ... ruining the whole point of the program.Great potential for fun here , and worth it if that 's all you 're looking for . But wait for an MS fix before wasting your money otherwise .
 This game has so many bugs in it I need to buy Raid !! The game loses the face/name of individual players on a regular basis , it locks up on Pai Gow , when playing craps in the challenge round it fails to recognize when someone runs out of money and you have to forfeit the challenge , and these are just a few of the problems with this game . I usually buy Hoyle but we decided to try this one instead ... what a mistake . We have version 2.0 but will probably look to buy the Hoyle game instead . Typical Microsoft product ... market it before you get it running !
 I had the old game and love playing it but the new game is not as fun and I do not play it as much .
 Do n't buy this bug ridden piece of dung , I bought the so called updated 2004 version . It crashes randomly at every turn , stats do n't record right , the computer AI miss reads your hands not giving you credit for hands won . Its all around terribly buggy . Its been out for months and they still stock on shelfs all around the country even though its known to have major problems . They do n't intend to fix anything , Activison is making a quick buck by repackaging an old game 2001 Bicycle from Microsoft , adding one or two new features and calling brand new for 2004 , and in the process making totally unplayable . With the stores policy of not excepting open software you are stuck with it if you buy it , they are afraid of piracy . well Activision is the party guilty of piracy here in the form of robbing us all.STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS .
 Do n't waste your money . Not worth the time to download much less the purchase price . When it does start , the display does n't refresh properly and the screen fills up with garbage and you ca n't see what is happening on the screen .
 I bought this software for my son , who is a Lego fanatic . His favorite is the Legoland software , where you build your own amusement park . This seems great until you try to play it for awhile and it keeps telling you that you are low on items . Even after you add everything it still dumps you out so you have to start again . Very frustrating for a kid or adult ! We have n't played the chess game yet , but the others are far from being the best games on the market .
 Most of the games are overly simple , and many are `` teasers '' . That is , they are very limited versions of the game and require that you purchase the full version to play the game . Of course , it 's -LSB- inexpesive -RSB- but still not worth it . Also , I note that there are few games available that support XP directly .
 Its pretty fun . I love dogs and I got this game because I did n't have a real one . But then the day came , I GOT A REAL PUPPY . After that I did n't play it hardly at all because # 1 It got boring -LRB- All games do -RRB- # 2 Why would I play it ?! I have a real dog!If you have a real dog do n't bother taking care of and loving a fake one . Spend time with you REAL dog.But if you do n't have a dog this is a good game because it is pretty realistic .
 Purchased this used game for my niece for Christmas . Turns out this game is like a one-time-use deal . A lot of the tasks were already done and she could n't name her own dog , or delete and start over . What a rip ! Ended up getting her a brand new game .
 Nintendogs is one of the best games , though I think this version is very odd . Whern I saw it , I thought , Oh , cool I wonder waht dogtgs are in it ! Newsflash , you might as well get another version ...
 Sorry - I just dont get it and apparently neither does my nephew.When did building fake amusement parks , fake neighborhoods , fake families and scratching the head of a digital pet - become a substitute for real life interaction.My nephew wanted it and I bought it for Christmas . What a waste -LRB- even he thinks so -RRB- . The upside , there 's no hair to clean up , no walking when its cold and oh yeah - there 's also no real love either - and isnt that why we have pets for our children ?! This is about as stupid as Viva Pinata - a game where you somehow lure pinatas to live in your fake digital world . So that they can grow up to be big and strong?Here 's an idea - let the kids outside to play once in awhile - and get them a real Pet ! Maybe the people inside the house are more crazy than the crazy people you think you are sheltering your children from by not letting them play outside ...
 The game requires your child to call the dog 's name over and over and over . And over . Unfortunately one can not progress to the next level until the dog learns his name . My child became very frustrated and cried because the dog kept forgetting his name ... not much point in playing it if it makes your kid cry .
 I 'm nine and writing this under my mom 's account - After I saw this game I knew I would really want it , so I bought a DS and this game . For awhile I enjoyed it , but nintendo is n't really my thing . You can groom your dog and take it out for competitions , walk it , pet it ... . though you can only take each dog out for 3 competitions each day . I got SO DEAD BORED , I ended up changing the date , which took some practice , after you take your dog out for a walk it gets '' tired '' so you have to wait for what seems like forever for him \ her to redeem her self . This is a popular game , but this is the response I get from kids who own it
 This game to me is the worst kirby game out there . i am a kirby fan but this is not worth no 34.99 or 29.99 . Because you can beat it in one day instead rent it . this game is the worst of them all , why dont they make a remake of kirby superstar instead of this crap . canvas curse is better than this . The controls are good but i expected something like kirby and the crystal shards which you can also beat in one day also but at least theres 3d graphics to come back to.Pretty much if you 're going to get it rent it dont buy it.This should be done with almost all kirby games because most are short except for air ride .
 I ordered this game for my nephew . He said it does n't work ! Great ! Too bad as he was really looking forward to receiving it .
 Wow , just stick w / march madness 2005 becuz this gME is terrible . It is slow gameplay and the player ratings arent accurate . I bought the game and the next day i returned it b/c it sucked so much . Stick to 2005
 This game is boring , I mean I have a hard time getting the ball and the controls are hard . The music on it is annyoning too . It gets very tedious after 20 minutes . I do n't recommend you buy this game , instead for the same price buy Resident Evil 4 , a MUCH better game .
 This game will piss you off real quick . . and I really gave it a chance . The computer AL is just not balance right or something , It 's no fun trying to rebound when you got the position , make a pass to an open player , or make the wide open shots ! . . but no problem for the computer though ... -LRB- smile -RRB- No matter where you set the settings . . it 's either too hard or too easy and this just sucks the fun right out of it . Well guys or ladies . . you 've been warn ! Just buy yourself college 2k6 and you want be disapointed if just want a good ol fashion college basketball game with much better gameplay .
 While FIFA 05 had some redeeming qualities , they were n't many . FIFA 06 suffers from the same malaise . A perfect example of this would be that a small player like juninho can beat a tall player like Ibrahimovic to a header . Another problem , the entire Chinese national team all play Zidane . It can be maddening !!! These are of course examples of playing against the computer -LRB- which is still the best you can do in Manager Mode , bring back FIFA 04 's Manager Mode -RRB- . Also , while in Manager Mode it is nearly impossible to lat half a season with any team , even if you were undefeated up until then !!!!! I 've tried to finish a season with one team , but it 's impossible !!!! The graphics are worse than FIFA 05 too . Generally I miss the fun of FIFA 04 . One positive thing about this game is that you do get to select the national teams ... but that 's pretty much it . Over all , this game is absolute rubbish !
 FIFA 2005 is better in practically every respect . Much more realistic look and play , more realistic graphics , more responsiveness . EA Sports took a huge step backward with the final product of FIFA 06 . If I were them I would just throw out FIFA 2006 and just revamp FIFA 2005 . FIFA 06 does have some better dribbling capabilities , but thats about all I can think of .
 Let me just begin by telling you that this is the biggest letdown in the FIFA franchise -LRB- if you mostly play against the CPU -RRB- . FIFA 2005 key features such as First Touch control , and Off the Ball Control , have been inexplicably scrapped.The gameplay has been terribly downgraded . For instance , in order to regain possession of the football , you 'll have mark the opponent -LRB- by holding o -RRB- , block -LRB- R2 -RRB- , and finally nick it away -LRB- press o -RRB- . I mean , it takes more buttons to get something done , while it gives you the choice of exactly how to do it.EA claims to have realistic graphics . Well , let me tell you , I 've never seen a wet pitch -LRB- field -RRB- as dark as the amazon green this game portrays.Additionally , EA should 've emphasized on the build-up to next year 's 2006 World Cup by having a -LSB- World Cup -RSB- Qualifying mode.So unless you 're a die hard FIFA gamer , this version has less of the gameplay a lot of you liked from last year and only refreshed rosters and killer playlist in compensation . At the end , there are a lot of things that bug than please me in this game .
 FIFA 2006 has better graphics then 2005 and could be very cool . I like some of the new options they added , like the sponsors and what not but it is so hard to score that it 's just not fun at all . The 2005 version can be really easy or challenging , depending on what you like , but 2006 is hard no matter what level you put it on . Buy FIFA 2005 instead .
 I bought this game because I liked playing with my son in Career Mode as part of the same team in FIFA 2005 . For some ridiculous reason , this option is no longer available in FIFA 2006 ???? The game is also very slow , comands take way to long to take effect . The end result is pure frustration.My son and I are still playing FIFA 2005 and the new game is in the waste basket
 Fifa has always been horrible and this game is no different . The only reason I can see someone wanting to play this game is because it has the official licenses to most of the club teams . Other than that , it 's just a waste of $ 40 .
 In this game there is no way to cleanly take the ball from the opponent . You can keep marking/pulling at the opponent player , but he wont give up the ball . Yet when one of my player runs into the opponent defender , he gives up the ball easy . Thats my biggest gripe.Another problem is that this game is very slow on the PlayStation 2 . Play can slow down if there are a whole bunch of players on the screen at the same time . It seems PS2 is showing its age with these newer games.Please dont buy this game , as you will only be frustrated with it .
 I gave up my FIFA 03 in favour of this one and boy do I regret it . It 's slow , the computer chooses your defenders , your passing options , why your headers are on target in easy mode but the same tactic never comes close in the more difficult modes . I bought this to have fun but when you 've out-shot , out passed , out-possessed and out-tackled the opposition till kingdom come and still lose 1-0 because you 're last man would n't tackle despite how many times you hit the button to switch defenders then it 's time to swallow your pride and go dig up your FIFA 03 again . A good challenge in easy mode for the first little while but after that just bloody frustrating .
 This , more even than its predecessors , is a lazy game that swaps challenge for mere irritation . Players will run off in all directions without reason , and stop , pause , and turn the wrong way to miss key passes or interceptions ; will take ten yards -LRB- no joke -RRB- to stop from a run ; will simply ignore a clear pass to an open player , and substitute a silly pass to a distant player on the opposite side of the pitch ; and a through-ball , if too good , will magically speed up halfway through -LRB- no joke -RRB- , in order to get to the keeper before an onrushing forward . In other words , EA could n't be bothered to develop a clever game - instead , in order to make it competitive , they made it arbitrary , disingenuous , and utterly stupid .
 this game is horrible ! The players ' movement is so weird and it takes about 10 yards for a player to stop running . Do n't get this game . its a waste of money . instead , get Winning Eleven 9 . its only $ 40 and its so much better than fifa and its probably the best game in the world . -LRB- ... -RRB- the best soccer game in the world -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The graphics and commentary in this game are great however the gameplay is terrible . I have owned all of the Fifa titles since 2003 . The offense is very difficult to control , the players movements are slow and it seems that it takes several seconds for the players to react to your keys when you press a button and by then it is too late -LRB- passing , stopping , etc -RRB- . Also , unlike the other past Fifa titles , I spent at least 80 to 90 % of my time playing defense and it 's almost impossible to get the ball down to the oppenents goal to score because they always seem to strip the ball away from you . I also own the Winning Eleven 9 soccer series . Although it 's more expensive that Fifa 2006 , I would highly recommend it over this year 's Fifa game . After owning Fifa 2006 for less than a week , I traded it . If your are still thinking about buying this game , rent it first .
 The Skinny ? Save yer money or rent from a vid rental store.SSX On Tour is a regression from SSX3 . Dumbed-down graphics , loss of realism , and poor music choice has turned a great game series into a mediocre experience.I must admit , I am a senior gamer , dating back to the Atari 2600 days . But , I am still an avid gamer allowing much time to be consumed by my PS2 . The reason I say this is because SSX OT seems to be targeted at a child 's level utilizing flashy ADHD cartoon art , quick and simple levels , and superficial character updates like facial hair , etc. . . My only assumption is that Electronic Arts released SSX OT as a quick -LRB- yet incomplete -RRB- revision and are currently focusing on SSX4 for the upcoming PS3 . Fingers crossed ...
 I loved the earlier SSX titles , and it seems that EA counted on that excellent series to sell this complete garbage to customers . Its like the original SSX developers left town or went on to other projects at EA . Whatever the reason , this latest SSX release should n't even be associated with the others by any measure.Nothing at all like the previous titles , unfortunately.Borrow it or buy used -LRB- with a return policy ... you 'll need it -RRB- and see what I mean . Wan na save time ? Move along to another game .
 Every other SSX game was amazing . This one was very disappointing . I was at a store and I was thrilled to see it on the shelf . I spent -LRB- wasted -RRB- 40 dollars on this and started playing the second I got home . The music was horrible . The graphics were good . I hated the gameplay.This is baisically the game . There 's `` The tour '' and your trying to get in 1st place . You get a better rank every time you beat a challenge . Another thing I dont like about this game is that you make a guy but you cant be any of the classic characters . Well you can unlock them but thats only for 2 player . And whenn you race against them in 1 player they are completely different . Like for example You have to race against Nate -LRB- From SSX 3 -RRB- And instead of being like a normal guy he is like a hick or something.And the point is that if you like the SSX seiries dont get this game .
 When I heard about this game I was so excited . I was never a fan of snowboarding games before the original SSX . But the original made a fan out of me . Tricky made the franchise even better . SSX 3 , while not as good as the previous two games in the series in some ways , was an even better game in other ways than Tricky.BUT ... SSX On Tour is a miserable abomination that EA Big should hang their heads in shame over . When I heard that you could build your own character now , I was really psyched ... until I saw the character builder . Yuck . Your choices for character details are so limited and confining . None of the details makes any difference in the style of boarder you are or how they might affect your stats . That 's the first thing wrong with the game , and that 's the main attraction to the game . The second thing wrong , and many of the other people who have reviewed this game on here agree , the artwork is terrible . Next , you ca n't play through the game as one of the classic characters . Finally , and this was the kicker for me , the way that the geniuses who designed this piece of garbage changed the characters -LRB- specifically their personalities -RRB- from the previous games is unholy . For example , Kaori . In the first three games , she was the nicest , sweetest , most fun-loving of all the characters . Now she 's a trash-talking * itch . Where did that come from ? If they bothered to explain -LRB- the previous games gave DETAILED bios on the characters and what they had done between the games -RRB- the change , I might have gone with it . But no , no explanation . SSX has always been as much about the characters as it was about the snowboarding . And to not only given the main character little to no personality , and to change who the classic characters are ... unacceptable.Overall , if you are a fan of the SSX series , pretend this game does n't exist and never play it . If you are just into snowboarding and skiing , then you may get some enjoyment out of it .
 Like everyone else has been saying - SSX3 was the best.I do n't really like the new `` rockstar '' theme with the Napoleon Dynamite notebook scribbled menu system . Maybe they chose this theme cuz it was easier -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- to make than realistic graphics . but it is different , so I 'll give them that.but what was even more different was the ability to actually snowboard to the lodge , or whatever different event you wanted to do in SSX3 which was a whole lot funner than the bland menu system of other games , so I do n't understand why they regressed.And the name of the game is `` On Tour '' is n't it ? So you 'd think they 'd have several different mountains in several different countries around the world that you could unlock and shred - but no ... you have just one mountain and you shred the same tracks the whole game - the only thing that gets harder are the time and trick score requirements.Another thing I do n't like is the attributes . They cost ALOT of money , theres only one for each attribute and they really do n't make that much of a difference , if any at all . What does , is the different boards . Which is one of the only good things about this game and the only improvement on SSX3 its got . I miss building up the skill for each rider . This new game is so much less gratifying in that sense . You do n't ever feel like you 've improved.Maybe my game has a glitch or something -LRB- its not scratched -RRB- but theres a lot of stuff that just doesnt make sense . I 've already become a `` Legend '' but for some reason , `` Rookie '' and other lower events keep showing up , that I 've already completed . and when you go to `` Past Events '' , you ca n't redo events to get a better score - well , you can redo them , but it doesnt give you money or count for anything . Also , it 's cool , cuz you make make `` mix tapes '' of the music you like and not have to hear the music you do n't . Only , they do n't work for some reason . No matter how many times I try to make the game stop playing that stupid `` god killed the queen '' song -LRB- yah , it USED to be cool -RRB- it keeps playing it anyway.It 's cool how theres no out-of-bounds on this game though , like there was on SSX3 -LRB- that got annoying -RRB- . but the rails are no easier.The skis are alright . They 're kind of gangly tho , and harder to control -LRB- which , I guess , is realistic -RRB- . And I do n't really like the new `` trick stick '' . Yeh , I could see how it 'd be easier , but its less accurate . Trying to do a trick , then the `` half circle '' to tweak it does n't always end up as what you were trying to do.So , overall , I 'm dissapointed . This game is like a much cheaper version than past games . It 's like this game should have come out before SSX3 . We 've been gyped ! RENT IT - DONT BUY IT ! you 'll finish it before its even due ...
 If you like snowboarding games , then you 'll like this . If you 're an SSX follower , then you 've got ta wonder how this game went from paper to store shelf without someone questioning whether it would be accepted.This is a good example of messing up a good thing . The `` cartoon '' graphics look like a 7yr old 's scribble pad . Did they really think that would be appealing ? And the chatter it plays when it 's loading sounds more like someone rotating a 80 's rock album backwards to hear satanic verses.The characters is what made this game enjoyable , but they 're inaccesible in Tour Mode . Instead you 're FORCED to build some character who only grunts his/her way down the course.No more slo-mo replays ? -LRB- unless I 'm missing it -RRB- That was the best feature of the previous games . That enabled you to get a good overhead visual of the courses . Now I 'll have to hope I 'm getting all the paths down the tracks in my head.And the most irritating thing in the game is pulling of Monster Tricks . The camera goes in for a upclose/slo-mo view during the move and you lose perspective of how close you are to the ground . You have to guess at whether you have enough time to pull of another trick before you hit the ground . -LRB- frustrating -RRB- I will give credit to the tracks and game graphics . There seems to be infinite paths down some of the tracks . That makes for many hours of good fun . And the music is nice . There 's plenty of it . You can find something you like . This game does n't give you the sense of isolation that the previous games did . There 's plenty of people on the slopes to knock over.I 'm crossing my fingers for the next one .
 I received this game as a gift and it was fun/addicting at first , but I then realized that fulfilling the needs of your Sim was taking up the majority of the Sim 's day . There was little to no time to work on skills . The time is paced fast and days go by quickly . Unlocking all locations is a bit anti-climatic , so save yourself the wasted time and get the cheat . While you 're at it , get the Max All Motives cheat ; it might give you time to actually improve your skills -LRB- but , then again , there 's a cheat for that , too -RRB- . Also , all the Sims look the same . They never age nor can they start a family . There are n't any pets either unless you count the ` dog in the purse ' accessory as a pet . The game just runs through the same mundane tasks over and over . Sleep , eat , go to work , talk with a Sim , and repeat . For the first couple of months , I WAS addicted , but , now , I 'm left wanting more . I read other reviewers singing the praises of the PC version , so I made the purchase ; it should be arriving next week .
 I am a Simaddict.I know what it is like to stay up until three or four in the morning downloading the perfect skins , creating children , and attempting to get abducted.Bottom line
 I loved the sims and I am up for any good sims game . But this one is the only one I do not like . There is barely nothing to do and the only thing good is all the items , which take forever to get . It 's extremely sluggish too . I know ps2 sim games are n't the fastest thing but this one was extra slow , it froze up my ps2 ! There was n't enough tasks to do . I rather play the sims 1 game with the worser graphics because at least it was A LOT more entertaining . The big thing is you ca n't even have a baby and that sucks big time . My big problem with this was that it was n't fun and even though the graphics were very improved they sometimes froze or took forever to do something . So I recomend sims castaway , urbz , busting out ... anything but this one . You wo n't like it and you 'll be bored in a day or two .
 I do not like this game at all . The graphics are awful . I even like the first Sims for the Playstation than this one . I feel I was ripped off paying $ 50.00 for this farce . I have the Sims 2 for the PC and all the expansion packs and I love that game . I feel like I 'm getting somewhere on that one . You ca n't shut the aging off so do n't know if on this game they age or not . Do n't know if the they even have kids and if they age or not . Also they work 7 days a week just like in the first one . I do n't recommend anyone buying this one . I would n't buy any of the other ones they have either because if they are anything like this one it 's just a rip off.When I went to make people I did n't get many choices on anything and the people looked and walked just like they did on the first one . They should never have called this one Sims 2 because it sure is n't .
 I bought this on the first day it was released . What a disappointment . It has less functionality than any Sims game -- as far as building or dressing people or aspirations or ... well anything.The aspirations are stupid . For example , if your main character hires a maid that does n't stop someone else in the house from wanting to hire a maid days later -LRB- even though the maid is walking around in front of their face ! -RRB- . How dumb is that !! The control panels are clunky . You have to pause the game to go find out when your character has to go to work or what they need to advance in their job . Plus , your PS2 will grind constantly and do n't even get me to talking about the terribly slow load times !! Bustin ' Out was way more fun -- more action and with a lighter sense of humor . Plus you can buy it cheap -- instead of this overpriced , uninspired mess .
 This game was fun for little while until the more I played it the more I realized their was n't much to do . Sims 2 is better played on the PC version on the computer . Sims was n't made for the PlayStation 2 . You ca n't build big houses because of the fire code ; you build your house to big with alot of stuff inside it could catch on fire . One thing I loved most about the Sims is the ability to create my dream house , and I ca n't do that with the PlayStation 2 version . This game should just stick with computers and not game consoles .
 This version has a way different feel to the computer version , but I bought it a long time ago when my computer did n't have the juice for the game . Overall , it was very boring plainly because there was nothing to do . I did find it fun in it 's own way ... before the data corrupted and I lost it all .
 I am very disappointed because unlike the computer game , you can not have kids . They do n't grow old and ect . . This game was very disappointing . I wish I could get my money back and just play the computer Sims 2 . The computer version is much better !
 Who Ever bought this stupid game I feel sorry for !! Whatever person slash stupid computer That made This C ***** Y game needs to be heading down with the Grim Reaper like this R ****** D GAME !!!!! I was like waiting like a month because I wanted to play something besisde a computer game , I have the first one on PS2 and I loved it , but this one , If your sim is tired or wants to talk to someone , or 's bored The slunch over like retarted and walk about a FOrth of a mile in REAL 24 HOURS !!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THE OTHER SIMS GAME , which have goof graphics that looks just like a human , but this , this ? THIS IS NOT A REAL SIMS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!! I was hearing about this game thinking about how only ONE fLAW ABOUT BABIE , THAT 'S IT , but there 's no pools , no ... No ... NOTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I finnaly bought the computer version . get THAT one instead , so you can buy a cheap expansion pack instead of a WHOLE nother game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 ok , i bought the sims 2 for playstation from amazon about 1 week ago . i had gone to my friend 's house , who had the sims 2 for her pc , and were were playing it and i was hooked . i had the sims 1 for my mac and hot date and house party too , and i was planning on getting TS2 for the mac but , unfortunately , you needed a G4 + and we had a G3 . shucks.anyway , i bought this , thinking it would be easier on the ps2 . -LRB- on the pc you have to install 4 discs and it takes forever , and i thought it would basically be the same thing without the annoyance of installing . -RRB- so i was so exicted when it came in the mail , i put it right in . from the second the main menu came up , i was heartbroken.here are 11 reasons you should NOT buy this game :1 -RRB- you ca n't even see the houses ! on TS2 for pc , you get to look through the entire neighborhood , then click on the house and you can bulldoze it or move in a family , and you can choose what it looks like , like the outside and if it had 4 floors or something , etc. but here , there 's like , 4 houses and 2 of them are premade and the others are empty , but you ca n't choose which house that you specifically want , basically .2 -RRB- YOU CANT HAVE CHILDREN ! the main reason i bought this is so that i could start families ! no children , NO FUN ! theres only 1 age thing , which i believe is adult . ughh ! 3 -RRB- the items are really bad , there are n't any useful ones , and they 're badly animated . they provide very bad comfort , bladder control , etc. and on TS2 for pc , you can can chooose the colors for the items , but you cant here , and theres tons more items for pc .4 -RRB- the build mode is SO annoying ! it takes FOREVER for me to build one room . there 's barely any floor tiles , and there 's really only 2 wallpapers i like . unlike any other sims game .5 -RRB- there 's like , 5 unlocked outfits in create-a-sim and the rest are all unlocked ! i mean , on TS2 for pc , you do n't have to unlock anything , i think ! and the ones that are locked are the actual good outfits .6 -RRB- the sims you can create are so unrealistic , its crazy . they have like , 5 REALISTIC make up choices , 2 clothes youd ACTUALLY WANT your sim to wear , the animation is horrible , i mean really ! on TS2 for pc , you can choose the chin , the eye color , everything ! on TS2 for ps2 , you can only do the hair , fattness of your sim , nose size , clothes and thats it ! 7 -RRB- there 's no formal , sleepwear , athletic wear , none of that . it 's just ONE skimpy outfit . and the outfits look good in create-a-sim , but look weird in gameplay .8 -RRB- you dont have a REAL marraige , with everyone there and the wedding arch and all that . THIS is what it is : step 1
 Well let me just say this , if you liked TS1 for PS2 , you 'll LOVE it once you play this ! Its like a first version of TS1 ! Seriously , it should be called TS0 ! I have TS2 and TS1 for PS2 . I 've played TS2 once , and I always play TS1 ! WARNING
 The creators have lost th whole theme of the Sims which is to create you own family tree.I can not believe all you get to do is fulfill wants and aspirations . I get bored doing this . I mean the best part of the Sims was that you created your own family from birth-death . Instead the computer generates you a supposed family tree-they are so ugly . A load of crap . -LSB- ... -RSB- Funny how they failed to mention that all the original aspects of the Sims has been removed in SIMS2 playstation . You 'll have more fun buying the SIMS2 on PC not PS2 . Serious . I do n't play computer games often - but with the Sims I thought it was worth my time-now I have lost interest - I feel cheated - so will you if you buy on PS2 .
 I had the oppurtunity to have my way with the Sims 2 with PS2 somewhat recently ... it was an experience i would like to remember as good , but i cant , because it wasnt , it was a very lame experience . There are SOME highlights to the games -LRB- such as a new innovative way to control your sims using the controller and better graphics -RRB- but I had a very negative experience playing this . . - When in 2 player mode , if someone decided to , i dont know , talk to me while im in the middle of something my person would drop everything without my consent and talk to them ... whats worse is i had NO control how long i would be in talking modes and the other person COMPLETELY controlled everything that happened , this was unfortunate because i would like to have been involved . - Beginning the game you start out with 2 people , and if you dont like that , you have to generate someone until they look CLOSE to the way you want your sim to look . I am a very picky sims-maker , and the customization in this game was WORSE than previous ps2 titled . -LRB- for example
 The Sims 2 is an incredible game ! The PC version , that is.But the Playstation 2 version ? Guess what ? This is NOT the Sims2.No matter what the title may be , this is an unbelievable farce.Let me tell you this for a fact ; Sims 2 on PS2 is complete rubbish . There have been plenty of products that I have ridiculed on Amazon but I have always been aware that they are only my opinions and everyone has different tastes.But I want anyone who is considering this game to know that what I am telling you about it is not an opinion.It is a straight fact.This game is ... -LRB- a word Amazon will probably block , that starts with c and ends with p and has 4 letters -RRB- It is nothing like the real Sims 2 , and it is less interesting than any other SIms game ever.The Create A Sim area involves a few small drawings of tops , skirts and pants.Apparently you can be a fashion designer!Oh sure , long sleeves or short sleeves?Collar up or collar down?How exciting.The body and face maker is lesser than even the first Sims , you wo n't be able to see what you are doing anyway and no matter how you `` morph '' them , they stay looking the same.Plus , they do n't even look real.They are ugly.Story mode?Forget it . How fun it is to fulfill your sims needs that include Take A Shower . -LRB- Not ! -RRB- All while your ridiculous looking sim runs around like a lunatic as the useless creation that it is.Free play mode?What the hell ?? The SIms 2 is supposed to be about creating family trees.They can not even have children !!! There are about 2 familes -LRB- but they are n't really families , there are no actual families -RRB- and there 's space for you to create two more lots of roommates.The build mode looked like a migrainne , while the buy mode was absolutely pathetic , with teensy child-like drawings.Very few too.Thsi game is expensive but reeks of amateurishness . You will have more fun with a 2 dollar toy . -LRB- And please note that this review is coming from an extreme Sims fan -RRB- Maxis needs to aplogize to anyone who waited for The Sims 2 to come to console , and anyone who spent money for or recieved this ghastly piece of cow dung.I have really really liked the Maxis gang for a while , very grateful for what they have done with the original Sims 2 . But now , Maxis , you owe us . Big time . To start with , can I have my money back?It baffles me why they have made such an honestly horrible game.Do not buy it!If you have been dying to play the Sims 2 , I suggest the computer game.I know it has steep system requirements but I managed to purchase a new computer and I do n't have much money.SO it can be done , if you want the -LRB- real -RRB- SIms 2 as badly as I did.The computer game is truly fantastic but the console version is a nightmare created in the bowels of Hell .
 Before I say anything the 2 stars were for 1 -RRB- pity on Maxis and 2 -RRB- The so much better than the first graphics/sound -LRB- for PS2 , at least -RRB- . Okay , here we go.I bought this at the local Wallyworld expecting second story houses at the very least . Boy was I wrong . It was rather cheap for a new release ... $ 43 . I thought I had just found a good buy or something . So I get home and am suddenly in a trance because of the wonderful sound and graphics . But I should have remembered not to judge a book by its cover . Soon I looked for aspirations ... Only 5 aspirations . The computer has A LOT more than that -LRB- I play it at my friends house -RRB- but I figured it was to conserve space . No big deal . Going to bulid my house was an absolute pain though . Next thing ... I 'm used to the ` fire code ' -LRB- The Sims 1 for PS2 had something similar but things did n't burst into flames , that 's just stupid -RRB- but I thought that unlocking MAIN points for the game was ridiculus . -LRB- EX You have to unlock the vibrating bed for the romantic aspirations , which took a lot of calls to the threapist to change my goals -RRB- So I tried Story Mode , hoping to get everything unlocked for easy freeplay-ness . It all went down hill from there . Two weeks I spent trying to unlock everything when I decided to try freeplay with most of everything unlocked but ... apparently you have to unlock everything ALL OVER AGAIN in freeplay . Two weeks wasted.Forty-three dollars down the toilet.And Story Mode did n't even have a real story to it ... If it did I REALLY did n't understand it.But if you want a modernish version of the Sims 1 for PS2 , by all means go for it . But be warned ... No children , teens , or eldery excist in this world , as the computer counter part has . Only middle-aged . What kind of world is that ?
 I so wish I had read these reviews before I asked for The Sims 2 for Christmas . I was so happy when I got it and could n't wait to play it . I had so much fun with the Sims on PC but it took up so much of my computer I had to take it out . I figured finally I could get my Sims fix without a major system freeze , yea right . I totally agree with everything everyone has said about the Sims2 for PS2 ! It is awful ! I too miss being able to call for pizza . And what is with the no kids stuff ? How can you create a family with no kids ? They can marry as many people as they want at the same time and I have 2 Sims who have aspirations of cuddling in bed with THEMSELVES ! How do you fulfill that ? Sometimes in the socialize mode the two Sims will start talking , but no sound comes out until a few seconds into it , then it 's like watching a badly dubbed Godzilla movie . I thought I was stupid because it took me two days to figure out the controls ! Good luck seeing what the little drawings are in the create a Sim mode . I have to click each item to put it on my Sim just to see what it looks like . Needless to say changing clothes is a major time consumer . I hate it , I 'm sorry I asked for it and I too want my husbands money back . I should have asked for an upgrade on my computer and stuck with the PC Sims2 . Steer clear of this waste of time .
 Is this game called the sims 2 ? it 's really amazing.Everything that is great in the sims 2 -LRB- PC -RRB- is certainly not in this game.What makes the sims 2 so exceptional -LRB- compared to the previous versions -RRB- is the idea of generation !!! and in this game , no generation , no grandparents , no children ... where 's the point in playing the sims 2 and having 2 adults kiss for days ? SUddenly it seems that Maxis have lost all genius . Can I have my money back ?
 As a true Maxis fan , I was disappointed to say the least when I eventually discovered the PS2 version of `` The Sims 2 '' was nothing like the one played on the PC . There are 3 big reasons why I regret purchasing this game : - You can not become pregnant or adopt . - There are no Genetics , Family trees , etc. - There is no agingThe whole point of `` The Sims 2 '' was to develop GENERATIONS of sims and take each sim from a child up to a senior citizen . In this games defense , I will say it did provide hours of entertainment.Honestly , The sims series just is not meant for a console like PS2 . The sims series is a PC game , and when transferred to a console you lose so much of what makes the game great.I love almost every game Maxis has ever created , even my least favorite Maxis ' games are ranked above some of the more popular PC games.A rare miss for Maxis .
 Well , I wish I 'd read these reviews BEFORE I bought my daughter this game . . the only reason I came here to read these reviews is because when my kid and I found out how DRAB the PS2 Sims 2 game is , we kept thinking maybe we were missing something . . or doing something wrong ... Well after reading the other reviews for this game , I 've discovered that YES ... this game is as big a dissappointment as my kid and I think it is . . I 'm really ticked off because Maxis does n't make it clear that the PS2 version and the PC version have HUGE DIFFERENCES !!! My daughter and I wanted this game because we thought the Sims would grow old , get pregnant , etc like in the PC version ... Why does n't Maxis just be honest and call the PS2 Sims 2 a `` fancied up Sims 1 '' and get it over with . . I 'll tell you why . . because they just do n't give a crud whether folks find this fun or not . . they just want to trick folks into buying this version . . My comp is old so that 's why I thought it would be easier to buy the PS2 version of the game . . would n't have to spend a million bucks to upgrade my comp enough for the PC version ... but if I 'd known how misleading the advertizing was about this game , I 'd have never bought it ... If I had the bucks I 'd upgrade my comp and get the PC version of Sims Two and use the PS2 game for a beer coaster ... I 'd get more fun out of it that way . .
 I really liked the origional Sims for PS2 . But this one was terrible . I played it for a very short time and stuck it on my game shelf and now it 's probibly covered with dust . You can only do one thing at a time and I hate how people just move in with you for no reason at all . Yes , the graphics are better than the Sims 1 for the PS2 and it is actually fun to create your people but still this game is just plain terrible . I also hate this weird socialization zone that you get into . I highly recomend not to touch this game . BAD !!!!!
 I bought this game 3 days ago . I have to admit that it 's addictive and amusing . . but when I found out that you 're not able to have children , I freaked . Creating and raising families was the main reason I bought this game.The PC version is absolutly incredible , but since my computer does not meet the system requirements , I can only play it when I visit my friend.Really , I have no intention of playing the console version anymore , I 'm ready to take it back . I 'm completely dissatisfied .
 Ahhhhh ... creating families , having watched thier first birthday , awwww they 're soooo cute!Cut the crap , thats the pc version.I opened that gift and i knew what it was when he brought it home ! sims 2 ! sims 2 ! Christmas day comes `` Yayayay sims 2 for ps2 ! '' i put it in and huh ? no kids ?? It does n't look the same as the pc one ?? it 's so much harder to control ... so confused . I turn it off . Look it up on pc a few day later huh the graphics look different on this one thats because they are . i love the sims games but this is a poor attempt to try and make it different for people using ps2 's . anyone agree ??? i want 2 take it back ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This game is about the same as all the other console versions . Sure , there are some cool new objects and making recipes is fun . Even controlling dead sims is cool . Other than that , it is exactly the same as bustin ' out . i think the biggest dissapointment was that it is nowhere near as good as the PC version . If you do n't have a PC , get this one . If u do , get the PC version . it is better and cheaper -LRB- at least if u get it off this website -RRB-
 My kids have played this game and loved it . So we bought it for one of them for there birthday . But it requires a lot of memory and we were unable to download it to our computor . We ended up selling it to another Amazon Customer . So be warned if you purchase for your computor besure you have enough memory to run the game .
 I had played Sims 1 and thought that it was a fun game , which is why I bought Sims 2 Holiday version for my hubbie and I this Christmas . I was shocked to find how morally inappropriate it was . A game that encourages cheating on your spouse and teenage sex has no place in our home . No wonder the divorce in our country rate is so high ! This is what we are teaching our teens is acceptable adult behavior ? I also think that the rating for this game should definitly be mature !
 I 'm saddened that I did n't get to use this game . I mistakenly ordered the wrong version , I ordered the version for Playstation instead of PC ... I have Windows Vista and I have had the hardest time trying to find a version of the Sims 2 that would work with my computer ... I 'm frustrated because it seems like I 'll never be able to play this game ever !
 This game could have been a viable Mortal Kombat clone with its good graphics and decent sound effects -LRB- although the announcer sounded like a Chinese Steve Urkel -RRB- , but sluggish -LRB- and at times unresponsive -RRB- controls ruin this one .
 In a last ditch effort to salvage their once prominant company , Atari released their last system , the 64-bit -LRB- supposedly -RRB- Jaguar . When it was first released to mass markets in 1994 , the future of the Jaguar seemed bright thanks to some great launch games , but as the previous reviewer already mentioned , by the end of the next year , the Jaguar was pretty much dead . There were n't many games released for the system -LRB- less than 90 -RRB- , and there were only a handful of games that were any good . Not to mention that the decent games were just , decent . There were no great `` must have '' games for the Jaguar to justify purchasing it , and third party support was non-existant . The console itself had a nice sound system and the graphics on many games were pretty good , and the controler was actually pretty innovative and worked great with first person shooters released for the system . Atari even released a Sega CD-like add on called the Jaguar-CD which did n't help the system at all , and soon enough the Jaguar was dead in the dirt . Not long later though , developer Telegames ended up independantly making some games for the dead system -LRB- Breakout 2000 , Towers II
 This guide was a disapointment . It only gives generic information about the game . I was looking for tips on all of the car setups . Drivetrain , suspension , etc. . Nothing there . Even though the book -LRB- used -RRB- was cheap , it still was a waste of money .
 This is one of those games that sat in my closet for about 7 years or so before I got around to playing it , which I finally did . I knew it had a great reputation , but it seemed like I was always too busy.Alas ! I should have played it seven years ago , when it first came out . Many games that old can still hold their own -LRB- I 'm thinking of , say , Thief 2
 Apparently I have the DVD version of the game . When I got to the 13th chapter -LRB- which is the final -RRB- the disc went bad . I was very disappointed . I still have n't seen the ending and am afraid to buy another copy .
 Buyer beware ! The game crashes constantly and locks-up my PC . I 've tried it on two different PCs , and it crashes and locks-up both . Expect no support whatsoever from FUNCOM , the company that sells it . If you do n't believe it , just try to contact the company . The forum is basically dead . You can post questions and requests for support , but expect no reply . Do a Google search for these words
 I played a couple of adventure games -LRB- Syberia and another one I do n't recall -RRB- and I got really enthralled by this game genre , so , based on everyone 's review , I got this one.Technical issues aside , I just could n't get drawn into it . The story is too new-agey , too `` evil white males vs pure frolicking happy people '' , etc etc. . I just could n't get to care for the main character , for the plot -LRB- I found myself rooting for the bad guys -RRB- , and would get annoyed at the choices I was given.After enduring the first chapter , I had enough and uninstalled it.The graphics -LRB- dated , but good -RRB- and execution -LRB- did n't encounter a single bug -RRB- save this one from a 1 star rating .
 This was the second game I 've played of this type -LRB- the first being Syberia -RRB- , & it really did n't meet my personal expectations . Lots of people love it , though , so I 'm sure I 'm in the minority.The story was quasi-interesting , however I often found myself zoning out during long exchanges between April -LRB- the main character -RRB- & the other characters she encountered on her travels . The graphics did n't nearly measure up to what I became accustomed to in Syberia -LRB- but maybe I got spoiled ? -RRB- . I 'd say the same for the music . Most of the puzzles were far too difficult for me to figure out without using a walkthrough . -LRB- It did n't help that the version I purchased from Amazon did n't come with any kind of manual , only the actual disc in a cute , little box . -RRB- References to modern day music , movies , etc. seemed out of place considering the setting is 200 years in the future , though perhaps I 'm nit-picking . The final clincher for me was that the plot was simply far too New Age for my taste -LRB- being a god , dragons , etc. -RRB- . I was looking forward to April finishing her very long journey to find out how her friends faired & what would happened to her afterwards . However , since that 's not what the story is about , there is no such satisfaction for gamers like myself . Maybe the sequel fills the player in on that , but it 's unlikely I 'll find out . The epilogue did little for me.For $ 10 , the game was probably worth the 3 days distraction I got , but I have n't decided yet . I rated it 3 stars for fun , but that was mainly due to the fact that I got sucked into at least wanting to finish the game to find out how April would save the Balance . I doubt I 'll play it again , though , nor will I pass the game on to my teen step-daughter .
 The Longest Journey . Aptly named.When I finished gameplay , I snapped the disc in two and tossed it . Not worth the $ 9.99 I payed for it .
 I love adventure games , seek and find games and puzzle games . Thinking that 's what this game was and seeing how it got such good reviews I gave it a try . After about 4 hours of reading dialogue , I began to feel very disapointed . It 's like it 's a movie you have to click through and read for hours and then they 'll throw in a puzzle which is ridiculously strange . '' Turn of the light in the bathroom and replace an eyeball while the guy 's on the toilet . What ? Who is going to figure that out ? Some sicko ? Every time there was a puzzle , I had to use a walkthrough . I wanted to play a game not read for hours and hours then finally get a puzzle which does n't make any sense . You are basically just constantly meeting new characters and talking and talking to them , going to get them something then talking and talking to someone else and on and on . And I am only on the third chapter . I am going to finish it , since I paid for it , but it is basically a total waste of time , I started playing tomb raider instead .
 I found this game to be a bit disappointing . There is a lot of dialogue to sit through and i found myself anxious to begin some game play . I also needed to download a patch in order for the game to stop locking up during play . In addition , there seems to be a glitch in loading a saved game . I need to start a new game and load from there .
 Thrillride is hard to see . You do n't know where your ball is a lot of the time . It does n't go to other game boards like other Sierra pinball games . Wish I 'd known that before I bought it .
 On my XP system , this ancient software -LRB- 1999 -RRB- will not fully install . The install simply fails -LRB- it really does not start -RRB- or then tells me that I need a new disc or some other nonsense.Worthless .
 I do not reccommend this product . I bought it last week , since it 's clame to fame was making your existing games 3D and `` jump out of the screen at you '' . Well , it did what it said it would do in the program demos , but not without heinous flickering of the screen . It did n't work for any of my existing games , but I 'm sure it works with the bundled software , but those did n't interest me . I was very disappointed with this product . They call it `` amazing award-winning technology '' ... Just buy some .99 cent 3D glasses and rent a cheesy low-B film and get better results . Stay away from this product !
 I have bought this x3D gaming system in April 24 2005 . I could n't make it work at all
 I think the title says it all , the setup CD was n't working and I could n't find any online support . Pure wasted money
 The only reason to play this game is to see just how bad a game can get . The comments are very annoying , the game play is bad , graphics are jerky - you name it , it 's bad!Don ' t get this game !
 Graphics are very harsh on the eyes . I played this game for 10 minutes and it gave me a headaches due to the strain on my eyes .
 This is the worst game ever.It is so frustrating I threw it out the window and cursed for five minutes straight.This game is so horrible it will make anybody want a refund in one hour.I strongly apose of this game for kids .
 I bought this about a year ago at EB Games for about $ 3.00 . I was hoping for a good old classic N64 game . Damn was I wrong.Graphics
 Many years ago , I went to Blockbuster Video to rent out San Francisco Rush . They did n't have any left so I rented this game instead . Not only was I disappointed but I was also shocked at how bad it is compared to the arcade game it 's based on . California Speed came out in the late 90 's and was fun to play in the arcades . Then it was ported to the Nintendo 64 and quite frankly , this was and still it a shoddy port . In California Speed , you pick a car and then a track to race in or choose to race every stage back to back . Of course , like any decent arcade racer , you could unlock bonus stages and cars . Up to two players can race against each other along with the other A.I. racers.The PROS
 This game is great for people who do not know much about baseball . This game gives me trouble sometimes to throw the ball and it is really hard to get a hit or even harder to hit a home-run . i would not say this is the best baseball game out there .
 I remember the day i got this game . It was the day my grandma finally bought an N64 for her house , and she got Cruisin ' USA as well as this game , thinking my grandpa may play it . She was wrong . He never DID sit down to play this game . And I do n't blame him.Graphics
 I am very unhappy with this entire service . I lost my christmas money by giving it to you and not recieving anything . It has been more than a month since I ordered this game and I have not recieved it or my money back . I hate you people and your ability to prey on the innocent . I hope you go out of business .
 Honestly this has got to be the worst , the lamest racing game available for any system anywhere ever . I 've programmed -LRB- and I kid you not -RRB- more enjoyable racing games with AMOS on my Amiga , 5 years ago . Even Cruisn USA is more enjoyable than this , at least that was fun for five minutes , and came off as a fairly bad Outrun clone.So what is so bad about this game I here you ask?Where to begin . I bought this game on the strength of these reviews here , where the reviewers parroted the phrase `` The graphics are bad , but the gameplay ROCKS ! '' . Well they were half-right , the graphics are indeed bad , very bad . Imagine foggy landscapes as far as the eye could see , imagine cars lacking any detail what so ever , imagine cities with no traffic or civilians , no sign of life , except for some token cardboard spectators at the start of the race.However the games problems lie not in the shoddy graphics , shoddy animation , or the diabolical mono techno-dance music . I would happily turn a blind eye to all of that if not for one thing.The gameplay is absolutely abysmal . This is in no part due to the poorly designed tracks and unpredictable nature of the cars strafing . Turning a corner sometimes means spinning uncontrollably in a circle for no apparent reason . It 's a shame , as going foot first over densely hilly tracks could have been so much fun . It is n't , and the only track , which is remotely playable , is the Las Vegas track , ironically the only track on the game without any hilly terrain of note . However , by far the stupidest feature of this game is the Stunt Mode.What 's so stupid about it ? well the `` stunts '' all involve you taking your car and ramming it up a big steep hill and hoping for the best . That 's it . This feature is wasted as you have no control over what your car does when it 's airborne . You only hope and prey that your car lands properly after its somersaulted 6 times . Imagine if the same effect was applied in 1080 , no one would have stood for it.Oh and before you say , you only played this game for five minutes , you do n't know anything , your wrong . I played this game , I played this game , and I played it , sometimes for two-hour stretches , trying to enjoy it.The only two saving graces this game has to offer are the Las Vegas Track , and the Krusty style horn .
 Son enjoys it I can play for about 10 minutes before I get bored out of my mind if cheap enough I would buy
 The graphics were crummy and the plot was so dumb that Saturday Morning Cartoons are better . The game S ** KED , period
 Ick ! I hate this game ! ANYTHING is more fun ! Unless you buythis for 2.00 at a flea market ... this game is not worth buying!It is near impossible to beat without an extreme cheat!DO NOT BUY !
 This is probably the worst snowboarding game I have ever played.The graphics are n't that good and the tricks that you do are n't near as good as 1080 . I 'd recommend that over this one in a heartbeat .
 AN ABSOLUTLY HORRIBLE SNOWBOARDING GAME . THE GRAPHICS WERE BAD , AND THE TRICKS STUNK . 1080 IS SOOOO MUCH BETTER . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 it is so impossably hard to beat the stunt challenges and exeptionally hard to beat races . maybe im wrong , but you cant do any special moves . overall , it is -LSB- poor -RSB-
 This game is just an insult to N64 . It is very hard to do tricks . whenever I did a trick I never landed it . Ther are no bumps and you hardley get any air . 1080 was a much better game . They copied the 1080 tracks but this is still a horrible game . Buy or rent 1080 .
 The game has too many bugs , frequent crashes and majority of the time even when you have all your information you can not obtain required search warrants etc. . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY on this piece of garbage
 Slap my wrist for buying this game new . I should have waited 6 months . I could n't find any support online for the bugs and when I finally got everything working , I forgot to turn my virus software off -LRB- plus you ca n't have a screensaver on either & you have to turn off background animations & shadows within the game -RRB- and it jacked up my computer BIG TIME . Wait awhile for them to fix this before buying it unless you like being ticked off .
 I was so excited when I found out that they were coming out with Law & Order Criminal Intent but it turned out to be a BIG dissapointment . After installing the game and watching the beginning scene the game just stopped working after that . The entire screen was black and all I saw were the characters . I know I have the latest version of Direct X because all of my Sims games require it but that did n't matter the game still refused to work properly . Save your money and buy yourself something thats actually worth it !
 I LOVE Law & Order . I watch the show all the time and I have the other 3 games that are currently out . I 've played them all . Each generation of games seems to get a little better in regards to the programming and manueverability -LRB- I KNOW I spelled that wrong ! -RRB- . This game was a complete disappointment ! I experienced almost all the same bugs as some of the other reviewers mentioned.In fact , when holding all the Law & Order games up in comparision to the CSI games , they are seriously lacking in both enjoyment and graphics . I would recommend all the CSI 's to anyone who even remotely liked these Law & Order games . I do n't watch the show , but I love the games . Ca n't wait until they come out with more ! I seriously hope the writers and programmers get their heads out of their butts and start creating the games I know they are capable of !!
 This game is based on the popular TV show Law & Order - Criminal Intent . You take on the role of Detective Robert Goren tracking down criminals and bringing them to justice.I love this TV series , and I also have enjoyed previous Law & Order games . I thought this would be a perfect match for me and my interests , and in fact I made plans to do a full walkthrough for the game.If I had n't made those plans , I would n't have lasted more than 15 minutes in this game . As it is , I still have n't finished my walkthrough because the game is so incredibly frustrating . I 'm playing the game on a very robust system that I have played * hundreds * of other games on to write up reviews . It is most definitely not a machine issue here - it is a game issue.The premise is that you are in essence doing the things in the TV series . This means there is no courthouse scenes , like in Law & Order -LRB- the original -RRB- . In Criminal Intent , the show is all about understanding the criminal mind , figuring out what happened and getting them to confess.First , character movement is awful . Your character gets stuck on doors , stuck on walls , stuck on other people , and just stands there twitching like a madman . You have to keep moving around until you can get him in the exact right spot to interact with the object you wish . Sometimes he 'll randomly throw his arms straight out in a `` I can fly !! '' movement.The game crashes . Often . Save every 5 minutes if you do n't want to lose your data.The map menu buttons sometimes become disabled . You lose the ability to scroll up or down . This gets you stuck on half the map area for a while . In addition , there 's a strange diagonal-arrow button on the map that , when you press it , reveals hidden areas that you should n't know about yet . Since there is no warning that this is some sort of a cheat , it affects your gameplay.There 's a new interrogation mode where instead of choosing specific things to ask , you instead choose a `` style of speaking '' - for example you can be straightforward , or empathtic , or flattering , or so on . This is nice in theory . In practice it is AWFUL . There are times that you choose empathetic and the character says something REALLY cruel . You just watch it like a train wreck with your mouth wide open . At least , if you screw up , all you have to do is walk away for a few minutes and then return again . The person seems to have completely forgotten how much you upset them . Also , there are times that asking a question makes the person respond in a way that makes no sense . The game sort of expects you to use a certain order and if you happen to choose a different order , the game does n't account for it . For example , in one situation you ask a question in one way and the person lies . So then you press them on the question saying `` why did you lie ? '' If you choose to just press them in the first place , you still say `` why did you lie ? '' even though the person did n't lie at all.Certainly there were good intentions here . The graphics are reasonably good . The gameplay theory is good . However , whoever was assigned to program this had SERIOUS problems - and the quality control is pretty much completely missing . This is a game that could have used another 6-10 months in development to work out all of these quite serious issues .
 I was excited about this game coming out because I have played the others and enjoyed them a lot . However , this game had a lot of bugs , jerky movements and crashing ... I only solved 2 of the cases and half way through the 3rd one and I stopped playing because of my frustration level.I guess it will have to sit on a shelf until Legacy figures out how to correct all the `` bugs . ''
 Although I was able to play the first two games in the series without problems , and although I have updated drivers , and my computer meets all of the necessary requirements , I could n't get past one minute of game play without the game freezing or shutting down . Way too many bugs and no support online . I would avoid this one .
 I 'd never played the Law & Order series games before this one , until then I had played only the CST series so that was all I had to compare it to . While Law & Order does a good job of trying to distinguish itself from CSI - one way it does this is by requiring the player to choose a `` tone '' in which to interview suspects -LRB- sympathetic , interogation , straightforward , etc. -RRB- thereby varying the level of information you get out of the suspects . Even this , however , becomes tiresome after a few suspects and a few questions.This game is so filled with bugs that it is too frustrating to even play . One bug is that when directing Detective Goren on where to walk , he often gets `` stuck '' and will jog in place or worse , jog into a wall repeatedly rather than go where you are directing him to go.All in all this game is too frustrating . Save your money .
 I was very excited about this game but after TRYING to play it I was just as excited to uninstall it and play something else ! Grissom sounds like he is about asleep , he walks into walls , disco dances and what 's up with all the characters standing up and flinging out their arms ? Is this a secret society or something ? Sometimes the people disappear all together . Where do they go ? Not to mention locking up frequently -LRB- and yes , my system does meet the requirements ! -RRB- If I had n't paid good money for this , it would be comical . I 'm sure the story line is good , but I wo n't try or buy another L&O game until there are patches . Sorry .
 I 'll keep this short and sweet . Do not bother wasting money on this game . Bugs completely destroy the playability and enjoyment of this game , and the developer still has not addressed it ! The game has been out for 4 months as I write this , and they still have n't taken any steps to fix it ! Other reviewers say patience will get you past this . Baloney ! Why would you play a game with huge glaring flaws ? Supporting the developers of such games just encourages them to release shoddy flawed games before they 're finished in order to cash in on them ! Stand up for your rights and do n't purchase this garbage !
 I am personally shocked and very disappointed with this game !! i have all the other law and order games , absolutely love them ! play them more regularly than any of my other games and i was really looking forward to owning this one . im not really a criminal intent fan but i wasnt a law and order fan until i played the games now i love it , i was hoping the same could be said for criminal intent but that would have to actually involve me playing it !!!! it is impossible !!! first when i tried to install it it kept saying there was a package error !! once i got passed that i began playing it , though the different style of this l & O ; game was intriguing but at the same time annoying as i preferred the original L&O ; games engine.anyway i got to a few points in the game where gorien would run and stick in an ungoable direction , this happened about 6 times !!!! i found a patch on the net which fixed this , BUT screwed up the navigation on my computer !! it acted like a virus even though its not ! i then got to an interview at a bar lounge and the game continually crashed every time i went to get the recipt !! i figured out that if you insert the first disc instead the game began running smooth -LRB- well smoother , its still choppy and feels like its about to stuff up any minute ! -RRB- but by inserting the first disc , i could no longer SAVE !!!! im pretty dedicated to trying to get games to work , god , there have been so many ive played with problems and glitches or crashes -LRB- even the other law and order games crash in the most annoying spot ! -RRB- but this is just to much !!! , trust me when i say avoid this game like the plague !!! whetheryour a fan or not , its not worth spending the money on something that youll only get about 30 minutes of play time with , and there isnt a person in the world that would have the tolerance to endure the crashes and glitches in this game !!! you were warned !
 If the TV show games are your thing then I recomend sticking with the CSI Las Vegas games . They flow better and the stories are far more interesting .
 Amazon was fast with sending my game to me . I love these games , but the game itself has many issues . The video is really bad . It 's not my video card my husband has checked to make sure of that . I have just about every other Law and Order games and also CSI ones . They are the best .
 After 3 months I finally completed all four cases . I had to step awaaaaaay from the computer many many times to avoid throwing it out a window . I know , I know , do n't kill the messenger . The game would be wonderful if not for the fact that it randomly CRASHES and every footstep has to be saved or potentially lost forever . Legacy sucked every ounce of fun out of the Law & Order series with this one , but my own sheer determination made me finish the cases . I hope they fix the problems with the next one . I think I 'll read the reviews before buying it .
 Listen , I am a HUGE fan of Law and Order and their games , but this one was by far a HUGE disappointment . The first time I tried to play the game the main character would n't even walk in the direction I pointed to . I decided to go online and find an update to this game that might help , and it did , but in no way solved the problems . I had multiple crashes , problems , and frustrations over this . The graphics themselves are mediocre , the lack of any court case also was depressing . While I realize the court is not as much involved in the Criminal Intent spin-off , it is one of the best portions of the other games and is not included at all in this one . The challenges to find evidence are hard , and some of the puzzles are pretty much unbearable ... especially when the mouse click is messed up frequently due to the glitches and the general poor crafting of this game . While the game had a fun factor , it is overrun by bad craftmanship and constant game play problems . I sure hope this does not put the nail in the coffin of all Law and Order games because believe me the other games are fun . The best of course was the Justice is Served game . In short , this game needed an extreme makeover , new creativity , and better programming . Save your money , and pray they come out with another worthy Law and Order game , because this my friend ... is not at all worthy of the title .
 I am not new to adventure gaming and have a PC fully loaded and capable of handling EVERY other game I 've tried . This one was so full of bugs that I snapped the CD in half out of sheer frustration . There are no patches available yet for the MULTITUDE of problems . Until there are , please do n't waste your money !
 I 've played all of the CSI games and the three L&O games prior to this one and , man , was I let down by this . It 's a huge resource hog - it took almost 10 minutes to install the thing and it took even longer to uninstall it . When the installation is complete it automatically sends a registration -LRB- to whom and with what information is unknown - a major privacy violation -RRB- without giving the opportunity to say no . The game play is n't intuitive at all and does n't follow the same conventions established in the earlier offerings . The PDA thing is a pain in the -LSB- ... -RSB- , there 's no right-click functionality , limited options in terms of configuration -LRB- can not play it in other than full screen -RRB- , and NO INSTRUCTIONS ! Not happy at all with this .
 I purchased this game recently , and I wish that I had read the reviews first ... I have also experienced serious problems with the game . Many bugs ... Several -LRB- 10-15 -RRB- minutes with a black screen between scenes ! I wasted soooo much time attempting to play the game ... and then it just completely crashed on me ! I would have enjoyed this game if it were not for all the bugs ! If it were not for all of the problems with this game , I 'm sure that I would have solved all of the cases already ... I preferred the CSI games that I purchased last year ... and now I have pre-ordered the new CSI 3 game ... I hope that there are n't any glitches or bugs like the new Law and Order - peice of crap . What a waste of money !
 If you enjoyed the other L&O ; games , you 'll probably like this one too . However , this game has a lot of graphics problems and it 's crashed on me twice . I have an nVIDIA GeForce 4 graphics card with 64MB memory , but the game still crashes on me even after I lower the graphics options . When I first got the game I had to call customer support -LRB- NOT TOLL FREE -RRB- and be on the line with them for over 30 minutes before they figured out that I need to download OLDER drivers for my graphics card.I got this game as soon as it came out becuase I loved the other L&O ; games . If you can wait , give them time to fix the bugs and maybe release a patch or two . There is n't even an FAQ on their website for this game yet .
 The game lost me at the leather biker couple who hit on your sixteen year old hero . Some of the absolute worst sterotyping and poor judgement by a game studio EVER.Thats ten minutes into the game.The first release by the former Squarenix USA had utterly failed me in less time than it took to get comfy on the couch . Thats a record , folks . Now , to be fair , I figured ; ` the last Shawdohearts game was good , and the combat system is interesting ... Lets give it another shot ' . It DOES get better , but ultimately never rises above its inauspicious beginning.The ` wheel of destiny ' combat system is still fun , and makes the now-older-than-dirt random encounters experience more than boring , but ultimately fails to deliver what I like to call the ` didnt waste forty eight bucks goods ' . This game is sort of ` meh ' from beginning to near the end , where I sort of gave up on the whole mess and took it in for trade.A seriously abused and overworked storyline and characters that seem like they were added just for the weird factor dont help.If you 're gon na spend fifty bucks on a PS2 roleplaying game , check out Dragon Quest 8 or Final Fantasy 12 . If you 've already gotten through those , check out Radiata Stories or Magna Carta . Or check out ` The Shadowhearts Covenant ' , the last installment in the Shadowheart series . Its far superior to this trainwreck .
 Holy crap , this game is terrible . Absolute garbage . What a waste of time . They should of just stuck with the first two , excellent Shadow Hearts and let the series end on a high note there if this is what they created after those two stellar games . Ugh , let 's get this over with.Gameplay - If you played the first two , -LRB- and you really should if you have n't -RRB- you know about the Judgement Ring . If not , here 's the basic run-down . When you perform an action in the game , like attacking an enemy or selecting an item in battle to use , a ring will appear at which time , if you stop the ring in the green `` hit '' zone , you 'll attack or use the item . If you hit the smaller red `` critical '' zone , you 'll deal more damage or the item or magic spell 's effect will increase . One of the few good things about this abomination , since it keeps you focused on the battle instead of just letting you sit there idly . The difficulty of this game is actually kind of high , where the enemy always seems to have at least 1 hit point left to attack you with on their turn . If you like challenging games , this might be for you . However , you 'd probably want to steer clear for other reasons.Graphics - I like the FMV movies , but the in-game graphics made my eyes bleed . The enemies are inventive though , I 'll give 'em that much , but the characters are especially atrocious . They all have perhaps , the most stupid looking facial expressions I 've seen in a character screen shot in an RPG . They look like they just guzzled down mothballs and Windex.Story - I really enjoyed the humor of the first two games . A lot . They were genuinely funny , yet expertly blended it with likeable characters and seriousness . Not this game and the whole teen rating hindering the mature humor excuse falls flat considering Covenant did it well . The characters are somewhat unique , but not like in Shadow Hearts and Shadow Hearts : Covenant , where they were both unbelievable and realistic . If you played the games , you 'll understand what I mean . It seemed here they went for quirkiness a little too much.Sound / Music - The battle theme and boss theme are badass . The other music and the voice acting is horrible though . I felt like I was listening to a really bad merging of Britney Spears and the worst has-been hard metal band comeback . Even the last boss theme sucked . By the way , spoiler , it 's who you think she is.Do not buy this game . Buy Shadow Hearts/Shadow Hearts : Covenant , but not this . Or used toothpicks . Or hair scrunchies . Just do n't waste your time or money on this piece of horse **** . Cheers and happy gaming !
 I 'm of the opposite opinion of most people who played this game . Unfortunately , I 'm a fan of the original , having played it first , while many who have played this game did not have the benefit of the first . I felt that much of the story was ridiculous , turning the series into a farce . Everyone has their right to enjoy it , if that 's what they did , but it was not for a die-hard fan of SH1 .
 I love shadow hearts 1-2 . God they were amazing . I played part 3 . While i was playing it . The grpahics went to Hell . It was a down grade from ther others . The voice was amazing . The battle system was awesome . the story was just not there . the game drags on and on . It was badly written and design . I love 1-2 . I still play them on My PS3 . I beat this game 2 times to see 2 endings . The second time . I had to force myself to play this . I just dont know why they did a crappy job on this . Just bad.this was bad on every level.Shadow Hearts 1-2 was golden . Part 3 was Bronze . this opinion is mine not others .
 It was in a case from gamestop , that 's one of my biggest pet peeves , not having a game in its original case .
 This game is nothing compared to Shadow Hearts and Shadow Hearts Covenant . I really did not get attached to the characters like I did with the previous games . I enjoyed the bit roles from old characters like Lenny , Roger Bacon , Keith Valentine etc. but they were just that ... tiny roles . And the Valentine sister , so annoying . If you really want a good game , play Shadow Hearts Covenant . I could play that game everyday , forever : -RRB-
 I have been a Delta Force Fan from the First Delta Force 1 game . I found this to be a let down , although there was a slight feeling of nostalgia for about the first 5 seconds of each game . Even after so many years there are game flaws -LRB- enemy soldiers that fire through walls - first aid boxes marked on the overview head up display but do n't appear in person -RRB- . I found the game extremely easy too and not in the least bit challenging ... . Even the mulitplayer games have very few people on it 's servers -LRB- you cant even snipe in games where people are using automatic weapons on the Nova games !!! -RRB- If I had known how bad this game was I would have avoided it and dusted off my old copy of DF1 , it might be dated but it is far more exciting and playable !!!
 I 've been a Delta Force gamer for many years and have upgraded to almost every new version . This one left me dissapointed . So much so that I do n't even play it -LRB- have stuck with Joint Ops instead . -RRB-
 -LSB- ... -RSB- DFX as it is known , was the 3rd stand alone game released using the Blach Hawk Down graphics engine developed by Novalogic.the other release was Joint Operations -LRB- and its expansion pack - along with BHD 's ex pack -RRB- . as stated before DFX is a `` remake '' of the origional DF 1 game , its main trouble is , its trying to be an exact copy of DF1.novalogic players of the DF / JO games are now use to a wide variety of weapons.DFX gives you the very short list from DF1.AI is just stupid to say the least , with enemy shooting at you from over the tops of hills . wjhen they ca n't see you , giving away their position.if they do decide to run at you , its in a dead straight line , they have no tactics what so ever.re-arming is done by the way of ammo packs , which can be found along the map . other DF games use armory 's which allowed the player to alter weapons in the map depending on the conditions found while progressing through the map.DFX , only allows the player to change once they are dead.unlike JO , DFX reverts back to the respawn mode of earlier games in the DF series , sometimes leaving you running back to the action which can take minutes.there are the variety of vehicles , as found in JO , but unlike JO , most of these are non-drivable . health is replenished also using med-packs which are found in the map , other DF games allowed for other team mates to `` med '' you in game.DFX was designed as a beginners entry into FPS games , and it really does show.compair it to other titles out there , like COD4 , Rainbow Vegas or Ghost Recon Advanced warfighter , and the gameplay , graphics and feel of the game is dated , old and just very very bad.the plus points , well , if you are new to fps 's then it is very quick and easy to pick up . theres not much of a challenge here , but Novalogics online communities make up for the lack of anything in the game.squads for this and all DF games are all over the place , and as with all DF games , DFX comes with its own map editor -LRB- mission maker -RRB- , and thanks to the community , there are thousands of maps for this game -LRB- and all DF games -RRB- , which increase the life of this game 1000 times!unless you are new to FPS games or an avid DF / Nova fan , then I would avoid this , especially at the price now being asked.it is no supprise that the price has gone up , just before DFX2 is released.if you really want to buy DFX , get DFX2 , it is ` nt much better , but the improvements in that are way better than DFX.my real advice would be to wait for DF
 I really did n't like this game . The steering stinks , The levels stink , and The cars are cool but are pretty slow .
 The creators of this game wasted great graphics on a game with not enough depth . The only time I had fun playing this is when I paused it and took a nap and had a dream about Pamela Anderson . There were n't any guns and the game was way to hard .
 I 've been a Mortal Kombat fan for many years now . I 'm always excited about new Mortal Kombat releases . However , this game really disappoints . The gameplay is just too simple and the story lacks depth . Believe me save your money for something better . Subzero mythologies was way better .
 After the hated Mortal Kombat Annihilation which I can have fun with it 's a guilty pleasure & it follows The Mortal Kombat 3 storyline to a small extent they changed too much made characters like Jade in name only & added fan fiction . Now movies based on video games about all of them just suc k. Ok a movie wo n't hurt the games but you had other stuff going on like the cartoon on USA network Defenders Of The Relm that does n't hold it 's not even a guilty pleasure . I remember they had Conquest which that was garbage I ca n't even remember it . What about the games well Mortal Kombat 4 did good in the arcades & was released on N 64 PS1 in summer 98 it really did n't do the business that Midway or The Mortal Kombat Team wanted . John Tobias who was the writer for The Mortal Kombat games around 1997 wanted to do these character driven adventure games which means prequels which I 'm sorry I do n't like prequels . I did n't like these adventure games I have n't ever played Monks or whatever although I 've heard good things about it . In 1997 Mortal Kombat Mytholgies was released & it 's a giant clunker bad controlls could n't make your jumps you could n't pull off your moves just an extremely bad game . Mortal Kombat Special Forces was released in 2000 . John Tobias was n't happy where the franchise was going I guess Ed Boon wanted Mortal Kombat to get with the times . John Tobias wanted to make his adventure games he left right in the middle of production of this game . John Tobias took part of the MK Team with him . Ed Boon went ahead rushed it got John Vogel to write the rest & what we got was a terrible train wreck mess of game . It deals with Jax & Sonya who are after Kano . I 'm going off of memory when I played this game like 8 or 9 years ago . You play as Jax & well you get terrible controlls you ca n't turn around when your getting attacked from behind so you get pwnd . I remember you had solve password to get in buildings & I could never get them to work that 's all I remember oh & my as s got burned to he ll by a boss . I did n't complete this game it was that awful . That 's what all I can remember if anybody out there want 's to send me this game as gift that 's fine I can give a better review but I would n't play it right away . But Mortal Kombat gets back on track when evil comes in 2 .
 Definitely the worst game of the MK series . This one is not worth even this low price . Save your time and money and play a real game like Metal Gear instead . I have to disagree with the previous reviewer , MKM was a masterpiece compared to this .
 Like many players , I found the disk changing aspect quite annoying . Also , the graphics , for requiring as much hardware as they do , were rather poor . The LoL : GoD graphics were better , and that 's sad , since it came out years earlier , and they were worse than the ones in the first game ! Also , I do n't think the game setup is all that fun ; the guild idea would be cooler if you could n't join every one . Like , if you had to give something up to play the game through , thereby creating re-play value . As it stands , LoL3 should have gone through more review sessions before being published . Westwood , have you ever heard of beta testers ?
 I found Lands Of Lore 3 to be the worst of the three games that where put out on the series . LoL1 was the best roll playing game I 've played on the computer so far . the only problum I found in LoL2 was when you had to roll down the barrel in the cemetary , that was easily fixed by a patch , all the patches in the world could n't help LOL3 , It 's like Westwood just said to hell with it let 's see how much money we can make and through it at us for bait.The game starts off ok but as soon as you load in disk 2 all hell breaks loose , the game bogs down , freezes up , you name it , it does it . you have four guilds you can join , since they tell you which ones to join why bother to give you two more if they wont explane how to play them . Not all of us are game wizards we like to play a game now and then just to have fun.I feel that Westwood should do something , like make an LOL4 , more like LOL2 but where you have more character 's like in LOL1 give us something that we can sink our teeth into . As of this moment I will never buy another Westwood game and I tell my friends the same thing .
 I am disappointed in a wheel endorsed by JR. ... You ca n't set the sensitivity . You you find yourself turning the wheel 90 degrees for a 45 degree turn . For Nascar thunder series it works a bit better than the analog controls for anything else its not worth the 40 bucks to get . Find another race wheel !
 This is the cheapest and most poorly designed racing wheel i have ever used . It is very uncomfortable on your lap or on a table . It can not be calibrated and has no shifter . Do your self a favor and buy the Mad Catz MC2 racing wheel instead of this . It is incredible . I dont beleive it is on this sight , but look for it , its a great deal . Once again , dont waste your thirty dollars on this product .
 I had this steering wheel for 3 months and then it stoped working.The steering wheel stunk while I had it.I could n't keep lt straight so unless you want a terrible steering wheel do n't buy this product .
 For young kids that ca n't fully appreciate driving , this is the cheap solution for a great gift . For teenagers and up , it 's going to be painful driving using this system ... you 'll go right back to your standard control . I am returning mine ASAP , it turns left very well but not right ... try driving like that !
 This is the worst product for the PS2 that I have yet encountered . How could anybody but an interact employee give it four stars when the pedals do n't work !?! Well , its true ... nothing works , too much play in the steering wheel , lag time , it 's just awful and that 's all there is to it .
 I may be stupid but I thought this was a point and shoot controller when I ordered it . It is really just a mouse that looks like a pistol , pull the the trigger to click the mouse etc. . I found no use for this device , maybe some would enjoy the feel of a gun in their hand when playing FPSs , not me .
 I got it for $ 10 . It works , but after an hour I packed it up and switched back to my cordless mouse.The `` trigger '' -LRB- or left mouse button -RRB- needs to be pulled back pretty far before it clicks . You can resolve this by leaving it half cocked , or not letting go of the trigger all the way . After awhile though , your finger does get tired of always being half curled.The `` safety '' or right mouse button is small and easily missed . It is also only on one side , so left handed people are out of luck.But the worst part is the amount of desktop space that this takes up . It 's got a much larger footprint than a mouse . Plus not being wireless means that there is that annoying `` tail '' to contend with . You need free desktop space about a large as a hard cover book to use this with , and even more if you want to use it comfortably.On the plus side , setup was a breeze . Basically just plug it in and away you go . It had a nice big fancy box and no documentation to speak of -LRB- basically a piece of paper with `` plug it in to USB '' written in 6 different languages -RRB- . It tracked beautifully , at least as well as my Logetek cordless mouse.If it was a bit smaller , cordless , and if the trigger was more sensitive then I would probably still be using it .
 Though very well built , and fun to hold , it 's not usable if you 're already good at first-person shooters using a mouse - well , not without some serious retraining of your hand and wrist . Especially games heavy on right-click , like Unreal Tournament . It 's basically a mouse , only bulkier and less comfortable for extended play .
 Totally horrible game design , play , and graphics . What does this all add up to ? An absolutly , totally horrible and terrible game . Do not buy this game at risk of your sanity . You have been warned . -LRB- Please , if you must , at least rent it first -RRB-
 I admit I did put hours into this game being the hugh Mortal Kombat fan that I am . Gosh I 'm sure happy this embarrassing MK game did n't ruin Subzero 's career . It is a side scroller in which you are faced with many evil monks -LRB- oh , and they 're all twins for some reason -RRB- . . Subzero has many power-ups that prove useless . The mega-sized bosses are boring to fight -LRB- oh , and they never die for some reason -RRB- . Due to the fact that the game supplies no level maps -LRB- how generic -RRB- a strategy guide would be a must , that is if you cared to bother with the game in the first place . Two good things did come about from this MK disaster . . Quan Chi & Shinnok . For Mortal Kombat that is a must see `` MK4 '' or the new `` MK Deadly Alliance '' . Leave this one in the past where it never should have spawned . 21/2 stars is as high as I could go . I 'm generous .
 Oh wow ... I remember playing this colossal flaming pile of turd . A friend of mine rented this game from Blockbuster for a couple of days . And I wished we both could have taken back the time we wasted.They had great ideas for this game
 Oh , your not kidding ? Well the makers of this game must have been . It 's the worst MK ever . Well if you love 2D action , impossible levels , and no multiplayer , I guess this issss the game for you ...
 I have to admit I bought this game but , i am no idiot because I was an Mk fan . This game is exactly the same to the ps version but lacks better music and the loss of FMV due to N64 memory . Besides the story in this is quite messed up with sub zero if you compared his story in mk 1 . Sub zero also is toned down and pathetic from jumping in not so high places to the ground . This is only for Mk `` sub-zero '' fans . Another thing is that I was able to beat this game but , still it is too hard to be fun -LRB- and no I do n't mean challenging hard -RRB- .
 This game is EXTREMELY boring , it has very cheap graphics , andis extremely hard to follow . I would only suggest this game to peoplewho are really , really obsessed with Mortal Kombat or the character Sub-Zero . It has really hard controls and is not fun at all . I would definately rent this game before buying it . END
 Whatever you do do not ask for mortal kombat whatever.It stays with superman down in the hall of horrible games.Please get mortal kombat 4 , or triogy.Please !
 If I could give this game less than one star I would . I got this game off a friend for five bucks . That was the worst five bucks I ever spent . This game is terrible . It is soooooo repeditive , and the story is unbearable when they are in the brutally stupid slide show fashion . The soud is terrible because it souds the same to hit a person as it does to hit a wall . Please do n't get this game .
 How could Ed Boon do this to my favorite MK character Sub Zero . What a discrace to the MK series.Sucky graphics , sucky moves , and is very complicated.Trust me do n't even try this game ever.If you would like to see more of my reviews look for my logo which is SMK at the top or bottom of the review.OUT ! -LRB- LOGO -RRB- SMK
 I gave one star because i could not play game.Im glad i only paid $ 6.95 . Thair is a way to get the game to play on windows 7 , you have to set you boot advanced options to 1 core every time you want to play game .
 No one paid much attention to the requirements ... `` Operating System Windows 2000 Windows XP PC `` And they mean it . Wo n't run on new machines without jumping thru all kind of hoops . And even then it 's only a maybye.While it does look like a really great game ... good luck getting it to run . And since it 's discontinued there is no support either .
 A lot of elements in the gameplay are very similar to Vice City but then again , a Vice City had a few relations to the original Scarface movie . Differs from Vice City in how much more vulgar it is , bad language and drug use!Not the greatest of games .
 Really slow and it takes 30 minutes to get up a flight of stairs and it wont stop shooting and scarface is reely slow and he talks to much when hes about to die
 The only thing that worked properly in this game was the installation . There was obviously no QA or beta testing for this version . The mouse controls are so out of whack I could n't even get past the tutorial let alone the first level . Call me cynical , but I think this was done on purpose to get people the buy the console versions . It 's really sad because I really wanted to play this game due to the `` what if '' storyline . First Leisure Suit Larry now this . Burn in hell VUG !!
 I was really disapointed in this game . It is quite boring . I bought it about three weeks ago and I really wish I had n't got it . It does have some fun parts hawever but they do n't occur very often . Overall I do n't recommend this game .
 Paperboy is an extremely boring game . Nothing happens , there are only three levels and I would only buy this for 8 years or under kids . This is a good first time game for little kids . If you 're a `` hardcore '' gamer this is NOT for you .
 My parents got me this game as a birthday presant . I liked it for about 30 minutes but then it got boring . The game is basically the same thing repeated over and over again . It was not worth the money . I do n't like this game very much because it is too boring . I do n't recommend this game .
 wow this has got to be the worst game i have ever played . I mean really who wants to go around and deliver papers for a video game when they could be on quests to save the world . instead of quests to get a good tip .
 NOTHING extra , just the game that used to cost a quarter . The Graphics were made for a big screen and do n't translate well to such a small screen . If you played the arcade version this will disappoint you .
 Please do yourself a favor and exit this page right now . This game is the worst game on gameboy . There is no point to this game beyond the simple arcade bit . ...
 I was angry after buying this controller ! Now you do n't have to listen to me , but it would be wise to ! You see this is one of the most expensive controllers for the PS1 ... I would n't waist more money than you have to . buy one of those really cool colored ones , I was much more happier with that one . I think I speak for everyone when I say that the cord is pathetic and tangles really easy . Buy it if you want to buy it ... Go for it ! I 'm just saying I did n't care for it ...
 the cord is way to short . it gets easily tangled , and the controller comes loose easily from the console , because it is being pulled out b/c of the short cord ... its a circle of problems , , and its a waste of 30 bucks
 The light grey PS1 Dual Shock differs in construction from the earlier dark grey -LRB- first gen -RRB- Dual Shock . These light grey versions have VERY stiff directional pads that make pushing diagonals nearly impossible . The D-pad will click and make noises like a button rather than moving smoothly between presses . For example , if you push Up and Right at the same time , the controller will only register one or the other . Your character in the game will not move in both directions at once , ie diagonally . This is n't an issue if you plan on using the controller for the analogue sticks only , but if you 're playing a 2D game or older game that requires the D-pad , you will be in for trouble . Buy a third-party controller or a PS2 Dual Shock instead .
 I ordered the PS1 controler thinking it was going to be Sony brand -LRB- as pictured -RRB- ... Insted I got some cheap spin off brand with no Sony logo thats nowhere near the quality of Sony . Joysticks are not placed right , control pad does not work half the time . . i honestly dont know where all these reviews are comming from . Buyer BEWARE ... Honestly , you get what you pay for , Guess i learnd my lesson for only 6 dollars ... Dont waste your time honestly .
 I bought this game from amzon.com , used , and must say that after it arrived and i played it i did not like it . I own the same game for PS1 and expected it to be somewhat similar on the G.BOY . It is not . the playing field is on a 45 degree angle instead of straight up and down , which cuts out alot of the ability to see your wide recivers . it is somewhat glitchy and just over all dissapointing . I 'm glad i only spent 5 bucks including shipping other wise i would really be P.O. 'd with my purchase.Duplicate -- NFL Blitz 2000
 Nintendo have put absolutly no effort into this game , they 've just taken an old classic and thrown it in a gameboy cartridge . The worst problem is that there is no save , there are 100 levels and you ca n't even save ! So you 've got to sit down and play for 5 hours in order to finish the game . At first the game is really fun with all the old moves and characters but it so ... repetetive it 's not funny . With the exeption of a few buildings all the levels are pretty much the same for 100 levels . What a shame this could have been really good . -LRB- for all those who complained about there not being a 2-player option , here is a code so that you can with the use of a link cable : - at the options menu hold select and press the control pad UP , DOWN , LEFT , RIGHT , DOWN , UP . -RRB-
 What a rip off i didnt even recieve the game i paid for to get for my brother for christmas !!!!!!!!!!!!
 OK . Here are the pros and cons : Pros
 I began to be suspicious that I did n't get what was promised in the advertising hype and what I thought I was ordering when I took the CD out , which was titled
 This program would not work with my high-speed computer . It needs a serious updating . I am disappointed .
 Wow this sucks pretty bad , i liked mk2 on gameboy and thought if anything this would be an impove ment . I was wrong ... everything moves god awful slow and moves are so easy to do . I thought nintendo would have not edited this game -LRB- unlike the first 2 mk games -RRB- and put some blood in , it even had an M rating , but once again i was wrong . No blood no guts , is n't that what set MK apart form most fighting games ?? The graphics aint bad and neither is the music , but the gameplay ruins all that in a heart beat . dont ' t even bother. , ...
 First of all ... let me say , that I am a HUGE MK fan , but oh my god ... this game sucks ! This is a TERRIBLE version of MK3.The fighters move VERY slowly and it is SOOOO HARD to pull off a single special move ... let alone a fatality !!! The sound is terrible , the music is all muffled.Although the graphics are decent , this game is a komplete letdown.If you want a great MK game for the Game Boy , pass this piece of krap up and buy Mortal Kombat II instead.It 's A WHOLE LOT BETTER !!!
 To start off this review , let me tell you that I bought Mortal Kombat 4 for the Game Boy before 3 . It had lousy AI , good graphics , bland music , semi-unresponsive controls , and 3 difficulty modes
 I purchased this awful gameboy game 15 years hoping it would be as good as it 's predecessor-but no such luck!MK3 does ` nt have a link cable option -LRB- like it 's 2 predecessors before -RRB- nor does it have any SGB enhancements -LRB- border , color , sound -RRB- . Though it incorporates the same digitize graphics and sound as Gameboy 's THQ 's Super Return Of The Jedi-which 2 sucked.Nevertheless , pick up MK2 instead .
 I 'm ordering this game on super NES on Ebay . It 's only $ 3 . I heard it was good so I want it . I 'm also buying Ultimate MK3 and MK Annihilation . It 's only $ 5 all together . I 'm SO MAD that Baraka is n't in it . At least Kung Lao is in it . I like his friendship where he throws his hat like a frisbee . Nightwolf 's friendship is cool too where he juggles his hammers . I like Sindel 's animality . I am SO buying this game .
 Growing up , I played both Moon Patrol and Spy Hunter in the arcades , then on the Atari 2600 console and Atari 800XL computer . The Spy Hunter reminds me of the Atari 800XL version of Spy Hunter , slightly easier than the ` real thing ' but still awkward to get your car moving fast enough to be effective , but slow enough to give you time to react to things coming down the road -LRB- typical Spy Hunter problem though -RRB- . For a better Spy Hunter , and a faithful arcade adaptation , go to shockwave.com and play theirs . As far as Moon Patrol , the music is hard to hear , and the UFO 's are hard to shoot and and dodge , but it is a faithful arcade adaptation . Unless you REALLY liked these two games in the past -LRB- to discover this about yourself , ask yourself `` Can I hum the Moon Patrol theme ? '' -RRB- , I would n't suggest the purchase . I feel I paid $ 15 too much for this $ 20 cartridge . .
 Not a good version of Spy Hunter , as the maneuverablility is not good on this platform . Am awaiting a version of Super Spy Hunter somewhere . This is just not fun to play .
 I do n't know where to begin . This is , like , the worst game I have ever played in my life . The graphics suck , the gameplay reeks , the sound is pathetic , and on top of it all , the characters are given no respect whatsoever as they are designed badly and their moves do n't work the way I , them , or anyone would want them to . If you like Mortal Kombat -LRB- like I do -RRB- stick to games like Deadly Alliance and Deception . I mean , Mortal Kombat Advance was crummy , but it was three times better than this piece of trash . You want the true MK games . DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON AN INSULT TO THE SERIES SUCH AS THIS !!
 After playing the pervious version -LRB- Mortal Kombat 3 -RRB- I was quite impressed and would have expected the next -LRB- Mortal Kombat 4 -RRB- to be even better . However the cold hard fact is that this is just not true . When I first got this game I opened it with trembling fingers and quickly slid in the game and went right for the power switch only to be stunned with disbelief . The graphics were horrendous , the sound was almost pointless , and there was no control to speak of once you started playing . The bottom line is this game is n't even worth thinking about . My suggestion to you if you must play Mortal Kombat right now is to get Mortal Kombat 3 . But if I were you I 'd wait till Mortal Kombat 5 comes out .
 Just give up , this game is so bad i dont how it got a seal of quality . Its MK3 remade . choppy terrible graphics , horrible sound , moves , and everything else . I ca n't even tell which character im choosing !! You can tell they put noo effort into this game at all . If you want a fighting game try street fighter alpha on Gbc , and stay far away from this !!!
 This is a TERRIBLE version of Mortal Kombat 4 ! The graphics are awful , the sound and music is ear aching , and the gameplay is beyond hideous.This plays just like MK3 did on the gameboy ... like total krap ! Actually , it may even be worse than MK3 ! Avoid this at all costs !
 Mortal Kombat 4 is the first 3D game of the series . Despite that , the Game Boy version is still 2D . The graphics are good . The characters are digitized , like how they were in the previous games.The gameplay , however , can be unresponsive.Like all other Game Boy Mortal Kombats , this game would be short . You only get to fight 9 characters in Master mode , 7 in Warrior , and 5 in Novice.The best attack to use is just kicking . That 's kinda sad . Usually , the uppercut would be the best standard attack to use , but no . Instead , it 's KICKING.The enemy AI is way too easy to beat . I got through Master mode without any trouble . Granted , they can attack almost decently , but just throw 5 kicks and then it 's possible he/she 'd die . It can be glitchy when it comes to fighting Scorpion and Shinnok . You can still attack them even while they use their `` Get over here '' attacks on you . It does n't look like you are , but then you see the enemy 's HP draining . If you attack them by just mashing A repeatedly , and kill them , you somehow use your fatality.For some reason , I just manage to get addicted to this game . I do n't know how , but I just ended up like that.There are a couple special stuff in the game when played on the Super Game Boy : - Special and cool-looking 16-Bit border-Colors change every screen to appropriate colorsWhen played on the Game Boy Color , the colors make very detailed backgrounds.Overall , buy MK2 instead .
 I ordered this game with high anticipation , and I was greatly let down . The graphics on this game was awful . Yes it was in color but you could barely see anything clearly .
 This game is beyond bull number 2 it stinks . What have me really mad is that on the cover they are saying how the fatalites are awesome which is a big fat LIE . all you see is your player 's shadow destroying your opponent 's shadow . and it is 2d since is a game boy color and the graphics Stinks like sour milk with flies in it . do not buy this for game boy color go rent mortal kombat anhilliation the movie instead .
 FIFA 06 on PSP has terrible graphics , particularly players are too small . The main game review sites ign.com and gamespot.com have not even mentioned this fact . ign.com and gamespot.com also do n't tell us how FIFA 's gameplay so inferior to World Tour Soccer . I do n't feel I 'm playing as Real Madrid or Brazil or any prominent player . All the players and teams are 95-99 % carbon-copy of each other . What 's the point having all those licensed teams if those teams and players , in a reasonable degree , do n't play like and feel like different from one another?I bought FIFA 06 on PSP from amazon.com , and returned it for a partial refund . Instead , I bought World Tour Soccer , and it has considerably better graphics and gameplay . I also pre-ordered Pro Evolution Soccer 5 on PSP from http://www.gameplay.co.uk I 'm expecting PES5 is the best soccer game on PSP . Before I tried FIFA 06 , I was also considering to get Xbox 360 to play FIFA since I 'm a huge soccer fan and I had high hopes about `` improved '' version of FIFA from EA . But , seeing FIFA 06 's almost unplayable AI/gameplay on PSP , I will not even consider FIFA on the new consoles . I will rather wait for Playstation 3 and play Winning Eleven.So far , Eurogamer by far has been the most objective and in-depth internet site for soccer game reviews
 For those of you who do n't know , you play the game as one of three towering monsters , a werewolf , giant lizard or giant ape and the point is to destroy cities across the world . Sure the original arcade game is a classic , with lots of punching and smashing to offer , however this game `` world tour '' does not have much to offer in terms of fun . Its fun for about the first five or ten minutes , beating , smashing , punching and kicking , then the reality sets in that this is a tedious game . There are over 100 cities and each city is not just a screen , it 's a side scrolling level ! It would n't be so bad if the enemies were not horrendous ! Its not just ten enemies on a screen at once , its about thirty to fifty at some points , shooting , bombing , flame throwing , flying and stomping you . The entire game despite being 100 cities can be defeated in a single day but does have a save feature with the memory packs . There is a nice plus though , lots of moves to learn and master , lots of detail , each city looks unique and features landmarks of that city and it is very educational for children to learn geographical locations . Do n't pay more than ten bucks for this game though .
 I played this game while I was babysitting at a friends house . I played for about half an hour . By then I 'd had enough . You 'll like this game if you want to destroy stuff and eat people over aand over and over again . All you do is start the game , choose your monster , and start destroying . You do the same thing every time . You walk around and punch a building holes form on it and you grad the stuff and eat it . Or , you can punch airplanes or cars . In conclusion , i found this game boring . This game would be good in an arcade for 25 cents for about 15 minutes . done .
 As much as I want to be able to like this game , I just ca n't . The original idea is still a good one -LRB- control one of three gorillas and level one city after another -RRB- , but I think it 's finally been exhausted . When I frist started playing this game -LRB- with a friend -RRB- , I was having fun . But as the levels progressed the experiance soon became mind-numbing . I know that the game is just supposed to be a fun excursion but it could at least demonstrate some kind of variety within the levels . Each time you play a level the whole experiance becomes more boring . I began to dread having 80 or so cities left to destroy . Also , the multiplayer could have been improved . The only difference between it and single player is that you now have two or three people destroying building , and they have the ability to punch each other . I really expect better of Midway , which is usually a company that puts out good games , and I still ca n't believe that they made a sequel to this without any significant changes . Almost nothing has changed even from the original Rampage of the 80 's . It 's time that Midway either puts the series to bed or makes it more interesting . To wrap things up , this is a game that starts out as a very entertaining cartrige but quickly takes a turn for the worse . Rent this game ... do n't buy it , since you 'll be tired of it before the game is due back .
 Please do not waste your hard earned money on this crap ! The graphics are horrid looking sort of like the old Spy Hunter game , but worse , it is also VERY hard and frustrating trying to pull off tricks it took me an hour just to try and do one ! I finally got so fed up with the game that I threw it away , waste of money !
 The race tracks and the half pipe and all the skate parks are immpossible . I am lucky if i get off one trick . Steering the little guy is a tuff job too . He just goes around in circles . The graphics are nothing special . The plot to the game is stupid , getting money is VERY hard , and finding good stores are tuff . If you are about to buy this game , tony hawk skateboarding is 20x better ... think twice before making the mistake i made !
 Well as you have read from other reviews , this game is not that great . But what they forgot to mention is that the graphics are terrible ! If you can remember 15 years ago back to the days of atari , that is EXACTLY what the graphics are like ! the game is so repetetive , and after 1 day you get sick of it ! Even if you are a skater do not buy this game , i love to skate and this was such a dissapointment . i suggest if you want a skating game real bad , then wait for the next one and save your money !
 This game is terrible . The graphics are horrible , The music is terrible , and the controls are the worst controls in the world .
 Okay , lets start from the top . This game is crap . I bought this game in hopeful anticipation of an at least `` okay '' game . Oh , how I was wrong . This game is full of problems that keep it from even coming close to a two star rating . By far the most annoying problem is the stupid bee 's . If you do n't get to a skatepark in time a bunch of bee 's will come and knock you down . This takes away a life , lose three lives and your dead . This is irritating because if you do n't have enough money you ca n't get in the park and the bee 's will get you . It is very difficult to get money . And the parks start to cost more and more . It is true that you can upgrade but this costs hard earned money and the up grades are n't even noticeable . Making that aspect of the game pointless . This is n't a big part of the game but you would at least want it to do something . I love to skateboard but if i had a choice between playing this and riding my real skateboard naked through the rain with a giant metal rod taped to my back I would chose the ladder . Honest , I would . So If you like crappy , games with pointless , irritating crap that is the basis than by any means possible get this game .
 I bought this game because it seemed like a pretty cool product . I was wrong ! This game is not thrilling and it just does n't seem to have a point . What were they thinking when they made this game ? I sold mine because it was just useless to me . I did n't get very much but anything was better than keeping it around .
 This game isnt good . do not buy this game for your game boy advance . the graphics are terrible and it is nothing like the movie . if u r going to buy this game , buy it for computer -LRB- great -RRB- , game cube -LRB- awsome -RRB- , ps2 -LRB- awsome -RRB- , x-box -LRB- great -RRB- . if u dont believe me go ahead and buy it , see for your self
 this game is ok but the gamecube version is a lot better . If you 're a serious spiderman freak then buy this game for gamecube or xbox .
 my dad works at ... and i get all my games early this game stinks the camera is horoable the graphicks s -LSB- tink -RSB- i cant tell who is on my side and who issant this is the lowest 32 bit game i have ever played DO NOT BUY THIS GAME your attacks will go through the enemies at a long distance aghhhhhh save your money and go buy an x-box with halo ...
 After releasing the great Spiderman Mysterio 's Menace for Gameboy Advance , I thought that this would be a similar and great game , instead Spiderman `` the Movie '' lacks any complexity and diversity . You are of course Spiderman armed with a few punches ; uppercuts , wall clinging and limited web slinging ability -LRB- you actually need to find a building in web slinging distance -RRB- , and finally wall clinging . As for Spiderman 's other tricks like a web shield , web bullets and webbing bad guys those are special items that you need to pick up in order to have them ! There are unfortunately no maze levels providing simple straightforward game-play against dozens of enemies per level . After every two levels a villain steps forward to challenge Spiderman . Unfortunately because this game is based on the movie , there are less than stellar villains . The Vulture and the Scorpion were never hit villains . The story itself for the game is very watered down compared to other Spiderman games , and the interludes are not comic strips or animated in anyway , instead its Spiderman talking . Something that does add to the playability of the game is the fact that you can actually take pictures by pushing the select button and you can view them at the end of each stage . This game is a letdown .
 This game stinks . I beat it in about half and hour , without even trying . The only thing that you are paying for is the rumble feature . The fighters are so tiny and there is no strategy at all . Just punch and block , that 's it . I gave it to my 8 year old son and he gave it back to me after about 10 minutes . Do not get this game .
 I bought it and 45 minutes later I beat everybody . 8 fighters -LRB- that look terrible -RRB- , poor controls , and the `` Rumble Pack '' does n't add anything to the game . How did this game ever make it into stores ? I 'm even easily entertained ... this game is a joke !
 Do n't waste your time on this game . It 's not anything like the Playstation incarnation . It will only be enjoyable if you are obsessed with the playstation game and will be happy with this one just because of the name . The graphics are the same as all the other bad commercial GBC games and are nothing like the revolutionary graphics coming on the system soon when nintendo releases their new action game .
 Never buy this game . Horrible graphics , too easy , no difference of boxing style between the `` many '' -LRB- 8 -RRB- boxers . Wow , my cousin gave it to me because he did n't like it either , and an hour later I beat it and gave it to him back . I ca n't even sell it at a used game shop as it has no demand whatsoever
 This game stinks . No question about it . I would rather be a pokemaniac then play it . 8 LOUSY PLAYERS . 3 SECRETS . I SAW THIS UNDER THE EDITOR 'S PICK . I HOPED GREATNESS BUT NOW I THINK THE EDITOR IS LOCO EN LA CABEZA . Last thing it BARELY rumbles
 An avid PC point 'n' click fan , I was thrilled to find something that had been successfully converted to a GBA game . Reviews spoke of decent graphics and great transition of the puzzles for which p 'n' c-ers are notorious . Sadly , it just did n't seem so . The graphics and entire gameplay reminded me of a text adventure and the first real puzzle did n't come about until I was halfway into the game . The only real similarity seemed to be in the use of items in conjunction with the environment . Gameplay was n't intuitive as one was given multiple clues at a time , yet expected to follow only a specific one -- Both Spain and Syria are mentioned at one point ; however , if you decide to hoof it to Spain , the game 's over for you . Syria does n't appear on the map , you lose without even the dignity of a `` Game Over '' screen.Essentially , `` Broken Sword '' seems to hold a lot of promise in terms of plot and adventure ; but , as a hasty transition to the GBA system , it 's just lost all its glitter .
 does not work on windows 95 or later?does not work on windows 95 or later?does not work on windows 95 or later ?
 I do n't 5 know if it 'll run in anything else . Dosbox does n't work and the compatablility wizard does n't work on it either . It starts up then your tank goes up the road a little ways and as the view changes the program crashes . I got my money back for it .
 Not a good tank game at all . My grandson hated it . Wo n't be buying any more of these Panzer Commander videos .
 This game is just like the old rampage . The only difference I found was that you could n't continue like you could in the old version which was disappointing but I guess it makes it more of a challenge . If only the cities could look a little different than each other ! It is a very simple , straight forward game . No real surprises .
 Okay . Street Hoops does have great features to this game . Things such as movies to unlock , and cheats to enter . Every time you play a game , whether in Lord of the Court or in World Tournament Mode , and even in a Pick-Up game you can earn some money to pay for some great jewelry and tatoos , hairstyles and even brand clothing like And 1 and P. Miller . Sad to say , these things I just mentioned are the best part of the game.When you are actually in the game , which is why most people play video games , sometimes you ca n't even tell who has the ball or not because most of the uniforms look the exact same and also , what is up with the camera views ? When on defense it is really hard to block a shot and the opposing team makes 90 % of the shots they take at least . So you can say the gameplay is about a 1 out of 5 . The ONE thing I really hate about games is when they get repetitious and you do the same thing over and over again and thats what this game is like . You may like playing it for the first day or so , but that is n't long enought to keep you interested and you can get distracted easily.Another poor thing in this game was the graphics . When they dunked the ball , there hands were n't even on the rim . Basically everyone in this game looks the same . Obviously , the makers of this game should have put alot more effort into gameplay and graphics than foolishness.This is a game I would advise not to waste your money on if you have n't already
 A careful look at most of the good reviews will reveal that the reviewers are more impressed with the hype of brand name clothing and court varieties than the actual game play . Obviously , more time was spent on researching courts and players than coding the game.First of all , team uniforms are so similar that you 're not sure if you have the ball or not . -LRB- Maybe the makers of the game are color blind -RRB- . By the time you figure it out , the other team would have scored . The commentary is totally tired and boring compared to other basketball games . I 'm not sure what it is but sometimes its extremely difficult to see the ball . The graphics are not particularly impressive either . The views are so awkward that sometimes you only get to see the opposing team 's point guard starting the offence . By the time you see any member of your team , the opposing team would have already scored . How do you defend against that?Something else that I found mindly annoying is the fact that some courts are locked until you win there ! So you have to spend all of your precious spare time playing before you get to play on the famous courts . That is just totally wrong . Its ok to lock the venues in tournament mode . But you should be able to play anywhere you like in other modes.Lastly , the officiating is totally ludicrous . Minor taps are called as fouls and major shoves are ignored.I really believe more time should have been spent on coding this game as it would have been a really good game since so much time was spent on other stuff that should be just gravy .
 this is by far the most boring excuse for a basketball game ive ever played . true the extra features like the pawn shop and betting on your team were a good idea , but the soundtrack had all of what 6 or 7 different songs ? as for the game play , it is god awful , obviously more time was spent on the extra features and not the gameplay .
 You get the game ... you start having fun ... you can hardly make a 3 point shot ... you think your doing good and then when you get about 8 points and your winning ... the computer starts playing against you ... the computer makes about 9 3 point shots in a row and dos n't let you score ... ! Let me save you so much agrovation a please do n't get it trust me ... it 's not worth it !
 I was going to buy this game but instead I rented it to try it out first . Good thing I did . I played the demo and I thought it was cool . Something different in the sports world . But for the most of this game it is all dunks . The dunks are cool and all , but it seems like thats all it is . I would say rent the game -LRB- or buy if you really want to -RRB- and play the game with your friends . I got sick of the game after a few hours . The game mode is limited to just playing ` games ' . No specials like practice mode , making plays , or duck contests -LRB- oddly enough is what this game is mostly about ` The dunks ' -RRB- . Anyhow , I think its a cool idea in the basketball gaming , but a bit to go to get 5 stars .
 Whatever you do , do not buy this game !
 I rented this game an couple of weeks ago , and was EXTREMELY dissapointed . The graphics are sloppy and the car handles like a 30 year old junker form the junkyard . It slides around on turnes , and accelerates very poorly . For some `` super souped-up '' spy car , it isnt very impressive . The gameplay is poor , and the weapons control is hard to learn between guns and defensive weapons . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!The movies between levels are very bad andOVERALL
 Unfortunately , I was one of those idiots who bought Gamecube over PS2 . I bought SSB : M , Rogue Leader , THPS3 , Spy Hunter , and Cel Damage . Spy Hunter is the worst game of them all ! The levels are too dark . The graphics on the otehr hand arent that bad . The weapons are too limited . The movies are horrible , especially the Saliva one ! I bought this game knowing nothing about it . I regret I spent the -LSB- money -RSB- or so on this `` game '' . The Multiplayer mode is n't fun at all . They need a deathmatch or something ! I do n't find killing a bunch of chickens fun -LRB- though I do find it quite amusing -RRB- ! Trust me , this game is a total waste of money , no exceptions .
 This game was the worst game for GameCube I have ever played!All of the levels were too easy and everything about it was bad .
 There is no question this is the worst racing game I have ever played . Extremely difficult and frustrating to play , its just NOT fun . I returned the five day rental after 2 hours of torment . Great racing games
 There is no question this is the worst racing game I have ever played . Extremely difficult and frustrating to play , its just NOT fun . I returned the five day rental after 2 hours of torment . Great racing games
 The game starts out great . The training missions are fast , smooth and fun . I have to assume that all the high reviews are from people who 've just started playing it.The problem is , once you start the actual missions , the frame rate seems to drop noticably , presumably because of all the extra objects the game has to draw . Not only that , but the frame rate becomes uneven , which makes targeting anything while on the move rather annoying . The pixelated graphics do n't help , and the faux-3D is rather obvious.When you compare it to -LRB- say -RRB- `` Burnout 2 '' , it 's clear that very little effort was spent to get the game running acceptably on the GameCube . I 've seen smoother graphics on PS2 games -LRB- I own both systems -RRB- . Definitely one to steer clear of .
 When I went to pick up my copy of Agent Under Fire the salesperson talked me into buying Spy Hunter . When I got home and tried it I was very disappointed . Every level is pretty much the same thing so the game is very repetitve and get boring really quickly . In addition to that problem the graphics are horrible . The backgrounds are and trees are completely two dimensional and the enemy soldiers look like cardboard cut outs . They are two dimensional and do n't more at all . All in all this game is horrible do n't waste your time or money . The driving levels in Agent under fire are better than this entire game .
 The game is horribly frustrating on PC/Mac platforms because it lacks the ability to save in the middle of a level . Thus the game becomes a play-fail-try again endless loop if you miss the tiniest part of a particular level.Just utter garbage . I would * literally * rather watch an hour of white noise on TV than wish this game on anyone .
 If you liked the original spy hunter , you 'll probably not like this one . as in dont go and buy this game just because the first one was fun . IT -LSB- IS TERRIBLE -RSB- ! Plain out . the graphics are very poor and i know the gamecube can handle more than that . and all the levels are the SAME MISSION ! it 's always do this do that repeat ! i would n't even recoment renting this game , go get James Bond -LRB- much better game ! -RRB- But do what you want , i cant force you to not make the same mistake i did .
 Those 3 words are - sloppy , stupid , and ugly . After playing this game , I am so happy that I bought 007 instead . As you know both are ports of ps2 games , with one major difference - james bond has actually been improved on , and spy hunter has been cut up . It is an extremely sloppy port from the ps2 version . Graphics just plain stink , pretty much no real damage to anything at all , and it gets boring faster than the levels can load . There are driving levels on james bond , and , sad to say , they are better than this whole game ! And you get to shoot suff and have multiplayer . But seriously , on the driving 007 levels there is real damage and all the weapons and gadgets of spy hunter , so just get it and have fun running into ped cars .
 This game is one of the worst games I have ever played . I got it on clearance for $ ... and I still felt like I had paid too much . This is NOT comparible to Star Fox for the SNES . If it was , this would be one of the biggest titles for the GBA . For a shooter , the aim is one of the worst programming jobs I 've ever experienced . You ca n't aim because your cross hairs are constantly drifting to the middle of the screen . I got so frustrated that thoughts of pounding my GBA repeatedly against a sidewalk was seeming like a resonable plan of action . Simply put
 I heard about the game on TV & thought it looked like sooooo much fun , was I wrong , oh yes !!! Theres only a few things todo , make mixes -LRB- that turn out really bad -RRB- , dance -LRB- or press falling buttons as they fall -RRB- and pick out clothe -LRB- the best part of the game ! -RRB- I mean the graphics r good & I still like Mary-Kate & Ashley , but there 's no point to the game really !
 This game is n't up to standards . I enjoy some of there acting but there games are just rubbish . If you want a real game try super mario or sonic advance but this is lame .
 Do n't get this game unless you 're five and under ! ... A total waste of money ! Its so confusing but then when u start dancing it is so stupid you just match the arrows with the arrows and then you dance . You ca n't even see how you 're dancing . The Britney Spears one was a lot better ! At least it replayed what you did so you could see the moves ! You do nothing in this game . And then when you go to dance it does all this stuff in the backround like wavy pink lines and blue polka dots . There is nothing one there face it 's just a face ! No eyes no mouth , no nose ! Nothing ! Its so unrealistic . Do n't buy it ! It 's not fun at all . I would 've given it a zero , only the least you can give it is a one .
 Horrible rip off of contra . It looks like they didnt even try that much to make the game interesting . Another miss for Midway . The game loses it fun factor pretty quick .
 dont waste your money completing the collection just isnt worth suffering even a minute of this POS ... . horrible graphics horrible voice acting . buggier than you can imagine . its too late for me ive already bought it and now cant sell it but its not too late for you save yourself leave this page before you get sucked in by the blood omen reputation . i know the other games are classics but this one blows.i would give it 0 stars but it wont let me .
 From what I had heard of this game from my friends , I expected to be glued to the Ps2 for hours or even days till I finished this `` best game ever . '' Then I realized something ... this is definately not the best game ever . While the idea of slicing the heads off mutant creatures and rogue vampires and then drinking their blood seemed appealing , I soon found that that is all you do !!! This game is extremely monotonous and don , t get me wrong , I love hack and slash but this game is not even worth the -LSB- money -RSB- they are asking . Go rent it .
 This series keeps getting worse . The first game , for the PS1 , was good . The second in the series , Soul Reaver , was fairly entertaining . The third , Soul Reaver II , was so-so , but far too short . Blood Omen II is just plain bad . On the plus side , the urban feel of the level design is a nice change from the rest of the series where the developers focused more on ancient ruins , canyons , and forests . On the down side , game play is sluggish , at best . The controls are not responsive , making fight sequences tedious . The dialog during the cut scenes is totally off . I do n't mean by a second or two , I 'm talking about voices coming from the wrong characters . Sometimes the soundtrack is nonexistent . On top of that , ambient sounds have a tendency to get stuck in a loop , repeating themselves over and over , drowning out every other sound . The only remedy is to restart the game . I have also had some problems with the graphics . On occasion , when I enter a new area , the entire screen , aside from Kain , goes blank . Once again , the only effective remedy I have found is to restart the game . I 've used other discs on my console , so I know my system is n't on the blink . Last , but not least , this game suffers from the curse of mandatory cut scenes . I 'm tired of having to sit through long , drawn out movies with no bypass option every time I replay a section of the game . I really wish I could give this game a better review , seeing that the developers must have put some sort of time and effort into making it , but I ca n't
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT 'S A DEFINITE WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! and in the end it 's a game controller thrown across the room . Especially when you have to beat the bosses !! This is the end of the line for eidos games for me !!!!!! If you love eidos and you play this eidos game YOU WILL NEVER WANT ONE AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!! Fair warning `` DO N'T PLAY THIS EIDOS GAME '' just clear it from your mind . -LRB- PS , it is fun at first until you get to a boss stage that is . -RRB-
 This game was simply a waste of potential . I am glad I rented this game first , because after completion , I had no further desire to play it again . This game portrays the vampire sub-culture in a very cool way . The story was entertaining , but the voice acting is where the game really shines . I sometimes want to play the game again just because of the great dialog . UInfortunately the gameplay is terrible . You fight with the same couple moves EACH time you get into a battle . Punch , punch , grab , throw . Unless you have a weapon then expect chop , chop , big chop . The only thing that adds diversity in the monotonous fighting is the few vampire ablilities you can use . Even then , its still going to be the same silly fight after you use one of your abilities . They would be better off making a really intriging movie from this series , because the game itself offers nothing but linear gameplay and tedious fighting , puntuated with wonderful dialog and great voice acting . Keep the directors and actors , fire the game developing team .
 In Blood Omen 2 , you again take on the role of Kain . Hundreds of years after the original Blood Omen , you awaken in Nosgoth in the company of a group called the `` Vampire Resistance . '' As it turns out , the Sarafan have taken control of the land after Kain destroyed the pillar of balance and was defeated by none other than the Sarafan Lord . Kain begins , guided in his journey by an only-in-the-game-because-she 's - supposed-to-be-hot female character called Umah . This only mentioned to show how lame the game direction went . In that light , Kain eventually finds that the Sarafan are only puppets on the strings of a load of aliens . What the -- ? Aliens ? So the Sarafan Lord is actually the head alien and their purpose is to eliminate the vampires as revenge for getting whooped a long , long time ago . There 's the plot . You 're a vampire and you 've got to kill the head alien . How weak is that ? I swear , monkeys write this stuff.As far as gameplay is concerned , things are generally pretty cool . The game looks almost identicle to Soul Reaver , aside from the altered HUD . In opposition to the original game , in Blood Omen 2 your ` stats ' increase by drinking bloods and filling a ` lore ' bar . No blood fountains or anything cool like that . Also , no matter how strong Kain gets , his health will always decrease periodically . This game is completely hack 'n' slash in nature , as you do n't have to think about who to kill and who to save for when you come back through the town . Instead of selectively feeding only to refill your health , you must tear through every enemy and civilian you find to increase that lore bar . Oh , and the reason you can just tear everyone up is because you never back-track . After you enter a room , the door closes behind you and you can not go back . You never hit the same area twice , which does n't give you a very good opportunity to explore . In combat , there is this horrible `` combo '' attack that results from pressing the attack button three times in a row where you strike three times and then you need to take a second to relax . Very annoying . As far as bosses go , the boss fights are generally pretty difficult . When fighting the first boss , you will become unbelievably surprised after the boss ' ` first defeat ' to see the boss come back for more . Each boss fight is composed of three different stages where you need to defeat the boss three times . Oh , and the bosses generally have at least twice the health that you do . When you finally defeat a boss , you gain a special power called a `` dark gift . '' The dark gifts are pretty dumb and only two of them will get much use out of you . You have the ability to transform into mist , jump really far , use mind control , or something really stupid called ` telekenisis . ' The latter works to control switches from a distance that are in your vision . Oh , and only special kinds of switches that are completely unnecessary . You also eventually gain three ` rage ' attacks that do massive damage . The first being a super hard punch , the second being many super hard punches , and the third where you can light your enemy on fire.The game looks really nice , honestly . Unfortunately , it lacks what it needs to be a really good game . It 's full of bugs -LRB- clipping seems improperly configured as enemies are constantly running ` inside ' of the walls , the speech over the movies is off and if your game is loading too slowly there will be no speech at all , the game stalls and freezes -RRB- , there is a very limited weapon selection -LRB- in the whole game you will only encounter 6 different weapons
 I have been a fan of the LOK series for awhile and when I heard Blood Omen 2 was being released I was happy about it.I bought the game and it is a TOTAL let down.The game has terrible problems.It has MAGOR problems from freezing up , collision detection , sound , framerate -LRB- meaning the game slows down so much it pauses or stutters -RRB- and various other problems.Save your money and do n't buy this game.You will regret it.It is one of the worst games I have played in years.I have been a gamer since I was 10 and I am now 28 . Trust me on this one.It 's just worth a rental but do n't buy it .
 Not a bad game for genre lovers . The Xbox version is slightlly better as it has smoother graphics and more gameplay .
 This game was quite hyped up since I first heard about it . But , do n't believe the hype . This game has more bugs than any other game I 've played on the PS2 . It runs choppy every time more than 3 people are on screen at the same time . Also there are glitches during cinematic scenes which make the voices go about 2 seconds before the animation , leading towards a VERY annoying experience . Although not total trash , -LRB- especially if you have followed the series from Blood Omen -RRB- gamers who are fans of the Kain series will enjoy this game slightly . I myself have followed the series since the very first Blood Omen so the technical issues on this game are almost tolerable , however the story has many pacing problems . Not to mention that there are plot holes . I wont comment on the ending to prevent any mishaps . Fans deserve to learn the facts . But , I 'd say just rent this one unless you are a LoK fanatic .
 Eidos really dropped the ball here , folks . As usual the story is great , although there are a few notable inconsistancies that will hopefully be explained in the next game . However , the poor controls and obvious lack of beta testing kill this game . First , to attack you have to target an enemy . Usually not a problem , but while targeting , you can not jump . You can also only dodge left-right , not back or jumping . Second , while sucking blood , you 're stuck in the equivalent of a very repetitive cutscene , where you are still vulnerable to attack though can do nothing to avoid the blow . Third , if you die , you have to watch any cutscenes between you and the last checkpoint over again , no way to skip them.As for glitches , there are hundreds if not more . Clipping is horrible , people fall through walls . Not a problem , unless you wanted their weapon . Well into the game , many people , myself included , lose the ability to save , by either getting a Save Failed message or a corrupt new file , which has led to a few people having to start over . As much as I love the story , this hardly seems worth the hassle and frustration of playing a game Eidos and Crystal Dynamics failed so horrifically on .
 `` KAIN 'S BACK FROM THE DEAD ... AND THIS TIME , HE 'S BORING AS ... AND LOVING IT ! `` Despite having a gripping , dark tale to work with , and superb graphics to match , this game sequel is just too pain-stakingly slow and poorly paced for effective and fun gameplay . Here 's some PROS and CONS , and , unfortunately , the CONS win : PROS : >> > Dark , creepy tale -- fun to jump into this world , if just for a short while . >> > Good graphics , voice-overs , and music . Kain 's jump and glide move is a cool way to cruise around town . Also , the side-kick vampire chick is a hottie.CONS : >> > Slow , slow , slow . I 'm ready to play , but have to wait through seemingly endless hours of painful dialogue . >> > Awkward fighting . I know this Kain guy can tear some action up , can leap 20 feet into the air , can suck blood , and vanish into the mist , etc. -- but he fights like a total ... , with a big , '' ... here it comes , I 'm about to hit you with my claw , look out , ready ... '' One would hope he 'd be a little more coordinated . '' ... wait , I 'm turning around , wait , hold on , I , just , I. . . `` RECOMMENDATION
 This game is fun initially , but gets old really fast . Completely linear . ` Nuff said .
 This is seriously the worst game ever made . It plays like a ... version of NBA Live 2002 , only it ... way more . ... ... . The graphics are bad , the sound is bad , and game play is bad . I rented this game from Blockbuster , then took it back to them and demanded a different game it was so bad . Do n't even rent it if it 's free .
 As a lover of Street , I was very excited to hear about this game and bought it immediately . To my surprise , its not even a tenth as good . This game is five on five with only street players -LRB- i had a feeling that was coming , with no NBA endorsement on the cover -RRB- and boring backdrops . There is just too much going on on the court in order to really have fun with street style moves . I also think the arial attack could be made more interesting . It plays like a generic basketball game with the addition of ankle breaking moves , which is a big step down from NBA Street , which was more like the Arcade NBA Jam style of ballin ' . I returned this game after a day , and bought Slugfest instead . At least I can punch gayrod now .
 Now , Im not saying I hate Streetball , but this game makes Streetball look like Sesame-Ball . I bought this game last year for fun , but this game is bull . I wish I bought NBA LIVE 2003 ! Street hoops does n't let you create teams and is too easy . I was the Knights and I crushed Baltimore and they had Lil Romeo , all my players were at 50 just to give a challenge and I won 51-0 ! Its impossible to block but so easy to steal . The movies are pretty good . After a while though , the music in the back gets dumb . I used to be addicted to `` Roll-out '' but now im not . Seriously , you can bet on games on how many points you can win , but its dumb . Some features I like for example
 if you gon na create a game that is for the urban youth then maybe ya 'll should talk to some of us before making it . street basketball is nothin like this game . the shot blockin aint realistic and the crossovers are faker than gold painted teeth . thats not even all of it , the graphics are n't that hot and the player movement is jagged . the soundtrack is iight , DMX is my dog and meth and redman are off da heezy but some recent music would have been tight . and what is up with the jay-z look alike on the game cover ?
 The graphics were n't the best . It did n't measure to the original street hoops , `` NBA Street . '' The players were too small to enjoy the fancy moves they did on the court .
 I first want to say that I love a good chalange . I also want to say that I was a big fan of Soul Reaver 1 . But I like my games to be -LRB- FUN !!!!!!!!! -RRB- NOT FRUSTRATING !!! -RRB- I was having fun playing this game until I got to the first boss Vampire -LRB- FAUSTUS -RRB- . This boss has an energy bar that is about ten times larger that yours , He blocks every blow you throw at him , Many of his blows you ca n`t block and some will drop you in about two hits!You are lucky if you get in two or three hits !! I have fought FAUSTUS about thirty times and still have yet to beat him ! the control is part of it . It is rather clunky . This will be my LAST Eidos game . They all seem to be like this -LRB- frustrating -RRB- . I may take this game back or trade it for store credit . I think HALO really spoiled me !! Parts of HALO can be rather hard to get through but it is still fun ! Thats what playing games is all about , Right ? The game should not make you want to pull the disc out and smash it !
 After playing this game I now understand why Extended Play gave this game only 2 stars out of 5 and I can only give it 1 star out of 5 . Where to begin ? The first major problem with this game is with all the graphics flaws throughout the whole game . In fact it amazes me this game was released in it 's current form . After playing it , it 's obvious that EIDOS rushed this game out and released a very poor game . The graphics flaws just make the game seem so silly at times . You 'll notice right away that characters will fall INTO walls and only half their body will be sticking out of walls or surrounding objects . In one of the chapters a lady character actually walked right through Kain . During a portion of the game where you must release a demon from a cage the game went a little crazy on me , it shot my character Kain from one location to another location on top of some mesh-wire type floor and locked Kain into position here while you heard sounds of battle going on but could see or do nothing until this battle was over and then it transported me back to my original position on the ground . I just thought it was some sort of weird programming error . Anyway , to continue with the list of errors , another major error is that this game forces you to kill an enemy in only a certain way . Example
 Much of what I 'm about to say has probably been covered by others , but I 'll try my best to make things concise . This game could have been quite good , but unfortunately has major flaws that make it more annoying than anything else.I found some difficulty with the controls . While all games require an adjustment period to get used to the new controls , these are combersome no matter what . To turn your character around you must actually walk him around in a circle , which can be quite difficult -LRB- and deadly -RRB- especially when getting attacked . While other games have a rotate button for fighters in 3D environments , this does not.Next I found the cut-scenes to be horrible . Not that the voice acting or animation were bad at all , but rather that you ca n't skip over them with a press of a button . Obviously if you 're into a game , you 'll want to watch a scene once to follow the story . But it 's just too much to take when you reach a difficult point in the game and get killed only to have to watch the same 5 minute cut-scene over and over again until you figure out how to beat the particular situation.Lack of problem solving is another issue . Why have a mature rated game with child level problem solving ? All problems are obvious and usually only take a couple of minutes to solve at the most . The majority have a flashing beacon over the objective so you know exactly where you need to go and there 's always only one very obvious solution to the problem.Finally , the gameplay just gets old . I suppose because the rest of the game is so annoying that you just get tired of dealing with the same old thing . There are difficult controls that once mastered make it easy to beat all enemies . Tiresome cut-scenes that seem to never end and problems that are all to easy to solve . And let 's not forget the animation that causes many enemies -LRB- and some much needed weapons -RRB- to fall halfway or all the way through walls and floors . I was amazed to see that enemies will end up buried halfway into walls or stairs simply because that 's where they landed rather than bouncing . If I did n't know any better I would think that this game had been made 5 years ago . This last problem is a programming error -LRB- or laziness -RRB- that there 's simply no excuse for.In the end , rent this game if you have to , but do n't buy it .
 I started the SR series with Legacy of Kain -LRB- SR2 -RRB- . I was sadly disappointed in Blood Omen 2 , which has none of the ingenuity or artistry of the SR series . So I settled in for an action game , and was disappointed in the fighting engine -LRB- very tricky , and often results in your character getting killed from behind -RRB- . Halfway through the game , emphasis seems to switch from action to lever-pulling , as you have a series of nonsensical puzzles to solve . Definitely the most depressing part of the game is the cut-scenes . Everyone in the game talks like they 're fresh out of a vampire soap opera -LRB- kind of like an Anne Rice rip-off but without the sex -RRB- . Plus , if your character gets killed after listening to a 3-minute dialogue segment , you have to watch the whole thing over again . And again . And again , until you get to the next save point . Very frustrating . I would NOT reccommend this game .
 Having never played a horror game I was looking forward to this one . Unfortunatley , I was disappointed . The gameplay soon became very boring as the only type of action is to run around drinking the blood of unsuspecting townfolk . Interspersed along the way is the occassional bad guy , treasure chest -LRB- I have no clue as to what benefit it gives -RRB- and the requirement of having to find a switch at different points in order to open gates . I found the controls to be slow and clumsy and the graphics are so-so . I guess I just expected more from an x-box game .
 Blood Omen 2 is an example of what happens when bad choices are made for the design of controller pad commands . This is easily one of the most frustrating games to play for me personally . For example , during combat with one of the bosses by the name of Faustus , you have to be able jump away when he does one of his special attacks . Unfortunately , you also have to remember to let go of everything else on the controller pad in order to set up for pressing the `` A '' button to actually jump , all this within about half a second . Needless to say , if you forget to let go of the right trigger -LRB- which provides the essential auto-focus targeting for combat -RRB- , the jump wo n't work and you 'll get a boot to the head and lose an eighth or so of life . You 'll end up fighting some of the bosses dozens and dozens of times unless you 're just really coordinated . I play classical guitar and am pretty accurate with some faster pieces . Even so , I have a tough time keeping track of all the controls during combat because of the need to either keep both triggers down , or letting go of all triggers to move or jump , or leaving just one trigger down for attacking with the `` X '' button . Thankfully , the game does at least include a brief tutorial to familiarize new users with the theoretical functioning of the various control combinations.For the most part , the standard citizens and solidiers you 'll encounter in the early levels are too easy to kill . Unlike the bosses , they have little or no ability to take more than four quick blows , so they go down quickly and you do n't have to worry about getting tangled up in the controls as much . Frankly , I seldom if ever bother with blocking because toe-to-toe is generally easier . You know once they 're dead that you can recover lost life by sucking their blood . The animation of the sucking is always the same , but it 's neat the first couple of times it occurs . I 'm sure in later levels -LRB- 4th & up -RRB- , the foes become tougher.The game itself is a standard hack and slash with a nice 3D environment that is generally always dark . Even if you turn out all the lights in the room to reduce glare on the tv screen , it still puts a huge strain on the eyes after about an hour of play . If you typically do n't game for more than an hour at a time , you 'll probably be okay.Overall , I think this game had alot of potential , but its annoying command design makes it incredibly tedious to play at certain points , like the battle with Faustus .
 It 's ok , nothing spectacular , and it feels a bit tried . A bit old . It features no new game play that takes advantage of the added muscle of the next generation systems ; it seems contrived , essentially like a Playstation -LRB- one -RRB- game that has been rejigged with better graphics . Eidos has been bereft of new ideas for a while now , and the trend continues . One example , in a tavern in the early part of the game , I quickly disposed of all of the local townspeople , but could still hear the chatter and the talk of the crowd . Hey , there 's nobody around . The AI needs work , since in many cases ; some of the townsfolk can see the brutal murder and blood sucking of one of their `` friends '' , as they continue to chat among themselves as if nothing happened . Come on guys . Also , block puzzles . Block puzzles ? Seems like somebody does n't have any new ideas . Finally , I have read that the Xbox version `` is the only version '' that comes with real time shadows . However , as you walk around a light source , close then further away , you would expect to see your shadow loom larger or smaller depending on your position . But in the game , nothing . Seems like a case of bad execution.The story is two-dimensional , does n't offer a lot of suspense , and is essentially straightforward with no real twists . The voice acting , as usual in this series however , is superb.Not a horrible game , but just more of the same . I would strongly recommend Max Payne over this if your interested in this genre . If you 've played that , then I would just keep waiting for some new ideas . This is not what we were looking forward to .
 I will not waste my time with this `` review '' . I will only say this game is the worst racing simulator I have ever seen .
 Avoiding a futile simulation/arcade debate , what makes a game fun is not whether it 's `` realistic '' , but whether the physics of driving are plausible and whether the game gives you enough feedback so you can pick the right line or at least know when you 're getting close to crashing . Any driving game that does not model suspension is n't worth much , and this game does n't recreate the steering effects created by loading and unloading the front and rear ends when braking and accelerating . Think Gran Turismo
 Ugh . I was hoping this game would be like GT3 , unfortunatly it 's not . It should n't even be mentioned in the same breath.PRO ` sLot of tracksCan upgrade your helmet , suit , & motorcycleLots of BikesCON ` sThird person view only !! Whats the use in buying upgrades & bikes when you ca n't see them while racing . You only see them when you crash.Boring track designsOK graphicsBrakes do n't brake . It 's the same as releasing the gas . No quick stops ?? No redeeming value whats so ever . It does n't keep your attention at all.I suggesy getting speed kings . It 's much more fun . If you really like bikes get this game used . I got mine for 20.00
 this is one of the worst bike racing games i have played.remeber RoadRash for the genesis i would rather play that . i road race my R6 and i play the heck out of my ps2 . this game doesnt do credit to either one . i played RS for all of 4 hours and took it back . i hope this review will save you 50 bucks
 I purchased and played heavily most of the flight sims available when the 486 chip was current , then laid off playing flight sims until recently . I would say the graphics on this game are better than those available for 486 computers , but the rest of the game needs work . It is impossible to pay with a keyboard and mouse only . The plane will uncontrollably bank left or right . The view from the cockpit is limited . The controls are not intuitive or similar to other flight sims . It installed ok on a Celeron computer . Until I get it sorted out , it is so far a frustrating , waste of money .
 Of all the flight sims i have played this one turned out to be one of the poorest . The graphics are basic at best and i got bored with this game VERY quickly . A pity , as the concept of a game dedicated to the luftwaffe and all the theatres in which it served was very exciting . European air war is still my favorite !
 You stick your USB drive into the Data Guard , as if it were a USB hub at your computer . Two little teeth grab the two dimples on top of the drive and thus lock it down . Then you twist the three wheels on the side of the Data Guard to block the locking mechanism.Several things to contemplate here : - the length of the whole contraption , USB drive plus Data Guard , is exorbitantly large ; not really easily transportable anymore - the wheels of the lock are flimsy at best , and I do n't trust that they will works flawlessly all the time ; at my Data Guard , the first wheel does not move without applying severe force - it might be stuck one day with a stick in it ... - ... which would not be the end of the world ; by my estimation , a srewdriver and some patience would take care of that ... which does not speak well for the actual main function of the device
 If I could give this product zero or negative stars , I would.Not only have I struggled to make this product lock when it is supposed to , but now that it will not UNlock , I called customer support to see what I am doing wrong . Their recommendation
 this device broke my flash drive . yeah it is strong , so strong that the flash drive will get stuck and you end up breaking it . DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE , i only paid 1 cent plus shipping . it wasnt even worth that .
 Midway was clearly in a rush to ship this product . The falconess special character is missing as is permanent anti-death at the end of the game . I emailed Midway and they confirmed these bugs and said there are no plans to fix them . This was especially disappointing because I lost the ability to play as the Valkyrie as soon as I used a special character . This spoiled the game for me . I have also played the arcade game and the N64 versions and both are better than the Playstation . Save your money and play it in the arcade .
 I really enjoyed the arcade version of this game , and was very anxious to play at home . However , it left so much to be desired that it quickly was traded out of my game collection.The graphics are not up to par with the arcade , but if that surprises you , go take another look at the arcade version ! I would n't expect the same on the PS . The big problem was , well ... There 's no challenge.Why ? In the arcade , your health ticks away each second . In the PS version , this does not happen . Instead , you get more and more and more life as you go up in level . Faster than you lose it , actually . Soon you find you have thousands of health points , and are taking 200-300 points of damage per level . Even the first couple of bosses ca n't drop more than a few hundred off your total.I can tell you how to beat this game in four sentences :1 . Go left all the time .2 . Kill everything -LRB- do n't worry , there are n't enough enemies to gang up on you .3 . When you finish the level , it will tell you if you missed anything . Just go back , and do the level over -LRB- gaining more gold and health power ups in the bargain -RRB- .4 . Try and stay awake.There are a few good points - the way you go into each level is less linear than the arcade version for example - but not enough to make up for the serious lack of challenge .
 Very , very disappointing . The main problem with this game is the fact that while the arcade version was a challenging , sweaty-palm action game , this has virtually no challenge at all . In fact , I beat the game in two weeks with all four characters at level 99 as the secret characters . This was put out six months after the game broke into arcades , and apparently more time should have been given it . Midway should have learned something from the previous editions of gauntlet on the nintendo , which actually kept some of the thrill of the arcade versions . Recommended only to diehard fans or inexperienced players .
 This game is an insult to the arcade . They changed way too many things like increasing your stats with gold and traps were missing throughout the levels . They were in too big of a hurry to get this on the market for the PSX . The graphics could have been better , and the limit of two players is a joke . If you really like Gaunlet Legends in the arcade , buy it for the N64 . It was a lot better all around . Just stay away from the Playstations , because once you 've tried it for the N64 , you 'll be disappointed in the Playstation version .
 PS2 vision sucks , get the N64 vision it 's way better . Not worth the money should be way cheaper than listed from buyers
 Do you like button mashing games ? Games where you repeatidly press the same button over and over until the next level ? If so then you will like this game . The game is similar the nintendo 64 version but has added many more levels and characters . The game is one to four players . The game is at it 's best when you are playing with four of your buddies , but if you are playing by yourself it gets very repeditive and well boring.The graphics are n't that great and well if you did n't know this was the Gamecube version you would think that you were playing the 64 . Also it is very frustrating when you just miss two or three gems and you do n't know where . The people at Midway looks like they just rushed through this game to get it done.There are good things about this game . There are a few good things about this game . The levels and all the different combinations and weapons will keep you playing for a while . My advice is unless you love these kind of games I would just rent it . I do n't think it is worth purchasing .
 I was very disappointed when I received this yesterday . The graphics where horrible and the picture was very dark ! My daughter lost intrest in the first 2 minutes of the game . I would not recommend this for anyone !
 HOW COME WHEN PS2 RELEASES A GAME THAT SELLS WELL GAMECUBE HAS TO HAVE IT SO THEY CAN MAKE SOME MONEY ? How come more than half of you games are on PS2 ? Try to release games THAT ARE YOUR OWN , NOT FOR PS2 !
 this is the worst gamecube game i have played . terrible graphics , and extremely easy gameplay , make this a poor choice .
 Ok , as for the title of this review , I 'll get back to that later . But as for the game itself ... it 's awful . You run through these maze-like levels , pounding the buttons , sometimes stopping to solve boring , switch/door `` puzzles '' -LRB- they did n't even bother with boxes -RRB- . You can not move the camera ; the levels are so linear , your view so limited , that this might as well be 2-D . Yet , creating a mindless , boring button-masher was n't enough for Midway . They had to go and add `` RPG elements '' . Which means that they take the ABSOLUTE WORST PART of the RPG genre -- endless experience grinding . You see , merely mashing buttons is not enough . You must mash buttons through the same levels over and over in order to level up enough , otherwise your chances of beating the game are shot.And also , although the rest of the game is ridiculously easy , you 'll never win if you ca n't get the special items to defeat the bosses . Which , of course , are near-impossible to get.Now that that 's off my chest , I 'll explain the title . This game stole dozens of hours of my friend 's life . She ca n't beat it on her own , because the difficulty is ridiculous , so she just enters the invincibility code over and over , and blows through the game time and time again ... She 's over her `` Gauntlet phase '' now , thank goodness , but for a while there it was all she did ... Do n't get this game . Seriously . Real gamers will be bored out of their skulls ; casual gamers , like my friend , are at risk of getting addicted . Now go buy something better . Like a game by Nintendo .
 this game -LSB- disappoints -RSB- i thought this would be a good game but the graphics -LSB- disappoint -RSB- and the camera views are awful
 This game was disappointing . I played it on the N64 and not much has changed since it came out on the GC . There are a few new characters and enemies and other small changes but overall the game is the same . The graphics do n't look much better than Gauntlet Legends and the sound effects are annoying -LRB- you know the thumping foot steps -RRB- . It seems to me that Midway wanted to get a game out on the GC quickly and inexpensively and this is what they came up with . What was Nintendo thinking ? They should never had allowed this game to be released on their console . What 's the point in having a next-gen . console without a next-gen . game ? My advice
 While Gauntlet offers a lot of levels , mosnsters and bosses , it will get boring really fast . It helps to have friends playing but even then it will still wear off fast . If you do n't believe me play all the way through the game , then say it 's still entertaining . You almost ca n't do it .
 This game was so disapointing . I would think that the graphics would have been improved over the N64 for the superior GameCube , but NO ! And talk about boring . If I wanted to walk around all day smacking the same creatures time after time , then I would play Zelda for the original Nintendo , it was more entertaining .
 I never received this game from the seller . They said that they had a `` shipping mix-up '' with the order . I did n't find out until 24 days after I ordered it that it was not going to be sent . I did receive a full refund .
 I am very glad I rented this first . I thought it would be good ... judging by the good rating . But this game is BY FAR the worst game cube game I 've played .
 I 've been following this game through all of its incarnations and I could n't believe it when I was finally able to hold the finished product in my grubby mitts -LRB- thanks Amazon ! -RRB- . Yay !
 I used to play MORTAL KOMBAT 4 in the arcades back in 90 's and it was such a great Arcade game , I just loved it . I did n't buy it for consoles , I had both Playstation and Nintendo 64 , I think I was playing Command and Conquer and Turok 2 around that time . So Thirteen Years later , I decided to buy it for Playstation , and This game is BAD ! BAD ! BAD ! . First , the graphics are inexcusable , all the sprites are squared and untextured ; and when playing , the fighters feel like stick figures . Second , Goro was n't in the Arcade version and really cheapens the game , it is so lame that the developers spammed his moves , two grapple punches from Goro kills you -LRB- unblockable -RRB- and when he 's not using that move he 's doing his Teleport Stomp -LRB- unblockable -RRB- . Third , all the ending videos , they tell no story and they 're badly produced . I guess worth Ten Dollars Nowadays but good thing I did n't get ripped off for Forty-Five Dollars in the Oldendays . MORTAL KOMBAT KLASSIC for consoles , MORTAL KOMBAT 4 for consoles , and MORTAL KOMBAT
 I have been a long time fan of MK , and was impressed with MK4 in the arcade . The port to PSX simply provides a poor quality game . The graphics rot compared to other fighting games , the difficulty levels are all out of whack , and the controls ... forget about it . The only fun my friends and I ever get out of this game is laughing at how ridiculously bad it is . Save your money for the arcade version of this one .
 I recieved this game with several others . The graphics might have been good in 2003 , but they are laughable in late 2005 . In all fairness , I ca n't speak to many of this games features because I only played for about an hour , but I wo n't be going back to this game any time soon .
 This game is great an all , I 've played it since i was a kid , butWORMS ARMEGGEDON has more weapons and is more fun in my opinion
 This game started out fun but after about an hour of play I became very bored and frustrated with the frickin ' horrible camera angles the computer gives you . I eventually beat it -LRB- after hours and hours of changing the camera angles -RRB- . The only really cool thing about it is Gex 's comments . That 's all I played it for . I reccomend a rental only .
 It 's a very long and hard game . If you 're going to play it you should plan some time too . Playing the beginning is fun but after playing the same levels with more difficulty -LRB- that 's practically what it is -RRB- it gets boring and frustrating .
 I had just recently bought a Gamecbe and had gotten this memory as it was the last one left . Now I have almost never had any problems with third party peripherals -LRB- I have an Interact Dual Impact controller for 1-2 years almost perfect condition still , among other things -RRB- as opposed to many who have plagues of problems with third party peripherals . Once I put it in it worked fine and has saved all my games perfectly without any corrupt information warnings.The only problems is it 's small amount of memory -LRB- only the standard 4MBit -RRB- and the size . IT is slightly larger than a standard nintendo memory card so it can not fit into the cases and also madden 2002 will fill this card right up . So if your looking for a good backup card this is a good idea but it might be a better idea to buy a larger sized memory card -LRB- Interact 's 8MBit memory card or Interact 's 16x memory card -RRB- if you own Madden 2002 . *** UPDATE
 I bought this memory card recently , and it worked great for a while . I rented Pikmin and saved it with this card , which worked fine for the whole game -LRB- which is why i give this memory card 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- . But then i tried to save 007
 this memory card is awful ! i 've only had it for a little over a year now and i 've already had format it 3 times !!! thats a lot over memory to lose ! so i say if you are gon na get a memory card get one by nintendo ... and burn the old one !!
 not what i was looking for . really boring . well i was sent a scratch up copy that only played once .
 I really wanted to like this collection - I 'm a huge fan of Atari 's arcade games , and want to support commercial porting/emulating of classic games to modern systems . Unfortunately , AGH1 falls prey to problems inherent with emulation on the PSX and the games lose much of their charm and playability .3 of the games are vector graphic based - Asteroids , Tempest , and Battlezone . Digital Eclipse tried hard , but the PSX - and TV sets in general - are n't suited for vector graphic display.All 6 games originally used novel and differing controls . Asteroids had a multi-button layout , and is perhaps best suited for the PSX controller . Battlezone had dual joysticks , which work fine with the original Dual Analog joysticks which are no longer available for PSX , but the mapping to the standard PSX controller is awkward . Centipede and Missile Command both used trackballs , and if you have a PSX trackball , then control should be good . The PSX mouse is a viable second option , but joystick control is n't very good -LRB- perhaps more tolerable on Centipede . -RRB- Hurt worst of all are Super Breakout and Tempest , both of which were originally paddle controlled . No game system since the NES has had a paddle available for it -LRB- not counting steering wheels -RRB- , which is a shame because there are certain games that demand the precise 2-directional control a paddle brings . And , unfortunately , Tempest and Super Breakout are two of those games.If you are an owner of one of the specialty controls listed above -LRB- Dual Analog sticks , trackball/mouse -RRB- , and love classic games , this collection is n't a bad idea . But if , like most of us , you 're stuck with a digital or Dual Shock controller , this game is n't likely to be played for very long . The Williams , Midway 2 , Atari 2 AGHs and Arcade Party Pack are all much better compilations .
 I found this game very boring and stupid . It does have the best classic games ever made on it . but i did n't find them that enjoyable , but centapide was fun the best on there . All in all it was okay i would n't buy it .
 I rented this game and I am glad that I did n't buy it right away . The game is too complicated and there were tons of glitches and i hated it . Bottom line , dont buy it !
 I purchased this video game for about 20 dollars ... . mind you it is about 15 years old ... not only is the case in bad condition , but the disc is covered in scratches , and it does not even play . . it constantly freezes and I can not even enjoy the cut scenes in the game . The most positive thing I can say is that the game was delivered very fast to me , but it is in horrible condition ... I may just stop ordering games from online ... this sucks 20 dollars for a game that does not even work properly . . and looks like crap
 When I first got the game I thought it would be good like the other mortal kombat games , but then I learned that I wasted my money . This game is extremely hard to beat , has bad graphics , a dumb story , and no 2 player mode . If I were you I would not buy this game . I learned that the hard way .
 This is a disgrace to the name Mortal Kombat . Its a near imposible side scrolling version where you fight dumb people and get pat things that fall on oyur head . This is a horrible game and is even wors for Nintendo 64 , get it for PlayStation bcaukse the controlls are easy but the best thing to do is not get it at all .
 Mortal Kombat Mythologies sucked just as much as the other MK Adventure games.Those being of course , Special Forces and Shaolin Monks.The storyline in this game is set years and years before the first MK Tournament took place.I guess you could call it a pre-quel . The gameplay is absolutley terrible.The controls are very unresponsive and there are WAY too many cheap hits that you take in this game.MKM mixes both repetive digitized graphic gameplay and awful acting in FMV sequences.As many have said , this game is extremly difficult.Hell , I had a VERY hard time beating it , with cheat codes ... and with it being on very easy.All this mostly due to all the cheap hits that you get hit with by different enemies.There is also puzzle solving as well.Most of which will have you pulling out your hair.Overall , This game is crap and you should n't waste one dollar on it.Avoid this and the other two MK adventure titles as well .
 The device is nice , it allows to use your ps1 or ps2 controller -LRB- which I actually prefer -RRB- in the gamecube.The problem is it broke just 3 months after I bought it , so this is n't worth it , buy an original gamecube controller , or another adapter .
 The adapter works great , but it wo n't work for James Bond 007
 I have owned two of these , and both of them over time stopped working and I had to return them . I would greatly recommend purchasing the Wavebird for Nintendo . This wireless controller is manufactured by Nintendo and is without a doubt the best controller I have ever used . I have all three systems , -LRB- ps2 , xbox , and gamecube -RRB- and I enjoy using this controller the most . I like to play about twenty feet away from my t.v. and it is a pain to connect extension cords to the xbox and the ps2 . This wavebird works as well as the wired controllers and is wireless . It uses radio frequencies not infra red to you do n't have to worry about placement . i just wish the other systems would develop this type of controller .
 i bought 3 original controllers and this one.everything was great and everybody wanted to use this one but after 2 weeks the controller started to fail and i had to reinsert it to make it work for a few seconds it was so awful that i had to buy another controller from nintendo so isincerely tell you that this controller is just a waste of money
 I bought this for my gamecube and really excited . It seemed like such a great idea -LRB- it is -RRB- . When I first brougt it home from the post office and plugged it in to see if it fit it went in nicely . i then tried to pull it out but it wouldnt budge . I then pulled the cord but it came out of the plug that goes into the gamecube . Then I got out the pliars . I clamped them on the purple plastic plug but it even came off . I had to mutilate the actual metal contact just to get it out of my system . I wonder if it really works ? Try not to buy inter-act products
 * scratches head * well , it does work more or less like it 's supposed to , though , as someone noted , sensitivity differences can be an issue sometimes . And it does indeed silence excuses like `` I 'm used to the PS2 controller . '' and `` I do n't like the LameCube -LSB- sic -RSB- controller . '' And cost less . For all those things , it gets two solid stars -LSB- 3 for the benefits , losing one for the sensitivity thing -RSB- . Yet , I ca n't ignore the biggest fault . It encourages people to cast aside one of the most comfortable , intuitive controllers ever designed in favor of the most awkward controller I 've ever used -LRB- admittedly , I 've never even tried an Xbox -RRB- . If only it worked in the other direction . Here 's hoping we see a Game Shock , or Game Station , or whatever , real soon -LRB- and a Game Box while you 're at it . . -RRB- .
 everybody should get used to the systems controller nintendos is very comfortable and easy to get used to just try it however i prefer fighting games -LRB- other than smash bros with them continuing controlls off of n64 -RRB- on the ps2 for their button placement . . remember some games they make for gamecube , ps2 and xbox
 This game is terrible . Control is awful , load times are way too long , graphics are very simplistic . This is a great game in the arcade and on Nintendo 64 , but on the playstation , my console of choice , it is very disappointing .
 I have played a few rotten games but this one was ridiculous . It was one of those games that I would not buy if it was to have cost a penny . I have played the N-64 version and it was great so I figured that it would be just like it man I was wrong . I wish it would have just allowed you to not have a timer trust me this game is not worth it . The graphics are not all that great nor is anything else .
 This version has 4 car types and 9 tracks , whoopdifreakindoo . If you are a fan of San Fransisco Rush , this is the absolute worst version ever . Rush 2 Extreme Racing U.S.A. for N64 kicks this games tail pretty hard . This game has horrible graphics and even more horrible music . I would really like to see Gamecube or PS2 release a Rush 3 and actually put some time and energy into it to develope it to its full potential , It 's sad to see a great game go to waste and collect dust on old platforms .
 seriously what were they thinking , lets make the crapiest racing game ever . how did they make any money on this . the game sucks : -LRB-
 I 've played this game first on a n64 , and it was great . Very fun , good music , and great graphics -LRB- atleast they were in 1998 lol -RRB- . Then I played the arcade version on Midway Arcade Treasures 3 , and it had the graphics , but the gameplay and sound was n't as good as the n64 game in my opinion . Then I figured I 'll try it for Playstation seeing how I own one and I 'll be getting a PSOne with the LCD screen soon . This version is pretty bad . If for some reason you would think that n64 is n't as powerful as PS1 , this game would prove you wrong . The graphics are very undetailed and blocky , the physics are n't very dynamic like the n64 or arcade counterpart , and you ca n't change the lame music while you 're playing . Also the steering is very annoying . The car immediately drifts like it has bald back tires when you move the pad or stick . But in retrospect , I did n't really need this game seeing how I had the other versions . Also it did n't really cost much -LRB- $ 0.97 plus shipping -RRB- . If you like San Francisco Rush , and for some reason you do n't have a PS2 or n64 by now , this is a decent cheap game .
 My favorite arcade game has been ruined in the Playstation version . The cars are way too easy to control . It is not even a challenge compared to the arcade . I also had trouble staying awake waiting for it to load each game . Zzzzzzzzzzz . Save your quarters and go to the arcade .
 Who whould buy such a peice of crap for there PSP . Lets be stupid and go buy the game . It sucks and it needs to be thrown away . If you want a good PSP game get GTA librity city tales . It 's really cool also get lots of bloody viloint games .
 I got Neopets last week and it 's really fun . It 's an action rpg with good graphics , level layout and combat that can be challenging . There are tons of different weapons and armor , magic items , food and health potions and pets -LRB- which give your stats a boost -RRB- . The characters look like they previously lived in an Animal Crossing town , but the character design and colorful menu display is the only ` kiddie ' thing I 've encountered in the game . This game has polish and style wrapped around a decent combat system that can offer a fair challenge . The story is typical rpg fare . You chase bad guy in search for uberwand to stop him from conquering the world.The leveling up system is a little weird and my main peeve with the game . You have to fight arena battles and earn tokens to level up a stat . You need to pay an entry fee to fight , so sometimes you will have to choose between using your swag to buy a great weapon or piece of armor and upping your strength or hp.This system would work out fine if there were a larger number of arena battles from which to choose . Instead , you end up fighting the same arena battle over and over again . The upside to this is that as you level up , the particular arena battle which was challenging turns to a cakewalk and you level up faster until your next arena level is opened.The game offers multiple races to choose from , each with different strengths and weakness . Those can be adjusted with leveling up , so the differences only matter when you first start.There are a fair number of side quests and loads of characters with whom to talk . The game has a decent menu system with a map , quest journal , stat screen and inventory screen . I read complaints from people saying that you could n't use items from the inventory screen , but they were wrong.The combat system and inventory system work very well together . You have a belt with three pouches starting out . These pouches offer you quick access to items . If you are in a fight , there is no need to go digging for a magic item to use if you have a wand attached to your belt . You press down on the directional pad and you switch between melee and ranged . If you press left or right , you switch the active pouch on your belt . It works very well.All in all , this game is what I was expecting Untold Legends to be ... sort of a portable Champions of Norrath but with better graphics than UL and a better combat system .
 Ohh My Gosh . This game -LSB- is bad -RSB- !! If it was the last game on earth I would n't even buy it ! Graphics are terrible . Everything else is terrible ! Do n't waste your money on this game cause if you do , you are pretty stupid . No offense . But really , I 'd expect these graphics to be on Super Nintendo ! Gameplay is terrible too . My friend brought this game over one time , and we started playin it and after like 2 minutes I said to him , `` Why did you buy this game ? '' Someone had bought it for him , obviously the person who bought it for him does n't have a clue what a mistake they made ! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR RENT IT !! EVER !!!!
 Marble Madness is my favorite arcade game of all time . And I owned a Paperboy machine for several years . So I was eager to see how these ultimate arcade classics translated onto the PlayStation console.The results were disappointing . Playing Marble Madness without the trackball is like bowling with a square ball . No control . And without the handlebars , Paperboy feels like a muddled mess.Gauntlet is a faithful translation , but ten years removed from the arcade , the game seemed a little , well , repetitive . It got boaring.that 's about it much better off going for `` Pong '' , which took a great arcade concept and made it even better .
 Paperboy , Marble Madness , and Millipede are difficult to control with the 4-button controller , why in the world ca n't they allow the use of the dual-shock controller joystick ? Things would be so much more enjoyable . The thing that made these games a riot in the arcade were the input devices
 The controls on this version are horribly incompatible for paperboy , marble madness and crystal castles . Gaunlet saved this pack from being a total disapointment . So all in all you pay ... for one really good game and some duds .
 As a diehard tennis fan and player I 've been waiting for a good tennis video game to emerge . Unfortunately this is not it . Graphics and audio are good . Player characteristics are neat . Venues are very good . But just try beating Andre Agassi in the Semi Finals or even Martina Hingis for that matter . The action bears little resemblence to real tennis . The computer player pops winners down the line or cross court before you can blink . It 's virtually impossible to maintain a rally of any kind . And believe me I 've tried . Not only is the computer player on speed but the human player 's character is conversely on sleeping pills . They should rename this game Frustration Court Tennis Pro Tournament .
 This game was anticiated by Tennis fans greatly , but instead we get another `` wanna-be '' tennis game . The graphics are average , the sound is average , the gameplay is below average , and the whole game comes across as boring and too one-demensional . There is nothing new in this Tennis game . Small selection of Players , no Real Long Tournament , no Grand Slams , you can not create your own player , very limited animation while hitting the ball . This is just another arcade Tennis game , like Sega Sports Tennis2k2 , but not nearly as good . I found this game very dissappointing after minutes in playing it . I would not waste your Money on this game at all . Get Tennis2k2 , and Match Point Tennis coming out by Xicat in late 2002 , and US Open Tennis 2002 coming out in Dec 2002 !
 The only reason this game received 2 stars is because right now , it 's the only tennis game for PS2 -LRB- ca n't wait for WTA Tour -RRB- . While gameplay in exhibition mode is fun and challenging at times , playing in the so called Pro Tournament is all together different . In this mode you compete in the four grand slam tournaments.Except you only play five rounds instead of seven . And unlike exhibition mode , where you can adjust the length of a match all the way to best of five sets , you do n't play a full match in any round . In the first two so called rounds , you play 2 games . Three and four games in the quarterfinals and semifinals respecitvely . And six games in the final . And once you reach the finals , the game loses every aspect of realism . It is almost impossible to win a point . Players will routinely blast return aces on 95 percent of your serves , making the game frustrating to say the least . The only plus that this game has is the fact that it features real players such as Agassi , Sampras , Hingis , and of course Anna Kournikova . And the novelty of real players wears off fast when Sampras frequently has his serve creamed by the likes of Yevgeny Kafelnikov . Furthermore , this travesty happens on the grass courts of Wimbledon , where Sampras ' blistering serve has been dominant for years . A word to the geniuses at Namco ... Next time give us a little more realism instead of invincible super opponents . Hopefully WTA Tour Tennis will be an improvement .
 Smash Court Tennis Pro Tournament is a fair game.On the plus side , the tournament venues look good and the game controls are fairly simple to use . You can also choose from some of the top names on the tour -LRB- though there only 8 to choose from -RRB- and two player mode is fairly enjoyable.The minuses of this game are the character graphics which are a little blocky and there are only 4 tournaments to choose from ; but the biggest minus is the computer controlled opponents in tournament mode . When you get to the semis or finals , the opponent is virtually unbeatable . I 've played as Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi numerous times and have never hit an ace along with hitting serves wide and up the middle at 120 + MPH and having them consistently hit back for clean winners . Along with not being realistic , it is very frustrating.I 'd suggest waiting for Sega Sports Tennis -LRB- aka Tennis 2K2 -RRB- .
 This game is really bad . Bad graphics . Bad Game Play . Few Choices . Not realistic . ...
 smash court tennis has got to be the worst game i have ever played in my life.you can only choose from a small amount of tennis players and the graphics are also very bad.i would advise everyone to not buy this game because it would be a waste of your money .
 For some reason , ebgames.com released this game on the 18th . i bought it , recieved it and it did not work . It sounded like a junky rental game when it was trying to read it . I tried all my other games , they all worked fine . The game has a big glitch so wait and make sure there is n't any big problems with production ... looks like it will be a great game ... if this is fixed .
 this game is so great everyone would say because the amount of characters and backgrounds . Well in my opinion this game stinks i will tell you why . firstly combos are a nightmare to pull off , i beat opponents by only kicking and uppercutting which is sad . Secondly the fatalities are also hard to pull off . I know in options if you unlock the ? box you could perform 1 button fatalites , brutalites , animalites and friendship , but there is no 1 button stage fatality , so you will have to do the stage fatalities on your own , which is also a nightmare to pull off like the combos . Thirdly the game freezes evertime i am fighting a boss . the other day while i was fighting motaro the game just froze in the middle of the fight all my hard work to reach him at the top has gone down the drain . and yesterday when i was fighting goro the game froze again . maybe the playstation can not handle the sprites when fighting the bosses . this game is so absymal that it achieves next to nothing in evrything it attemps to achieve . this game will only impress real MK fans .
 I first bought this game in a Hastings book store a long time ago and I 've been a Mk fan for quit some time , so I went ahead and bought it thinking `` This is great ! I 've got MK trilogy that has all of my favorite characters in it.And Midway makes really great games . -LRB- LOL -RRB- And I managed to find it in a five dollar bin.This is truly a lucky day for me . `` Until I played it ... Then as time went on I kept it in my basement , and then one day I decided to bring it out because I had n't played it in a while and I forgotten all of the moves , so I went to the options menu and put it on a pansy level so I can get the feel for it again.Then I remembered why I put it the basement . What I should have done was bury it in the back yard , never to see the light of day again.As soon as the first round said `` FIGHT '' I might as well thrown in the towel.The game was gracious enough thou to just stand there for two seconds and let me get one shot in even thou I was 99.9 % dead anyway , I mean what the F is the point ?! I do n't even think the skill level even works.The only way to make it up the ladder without facing brutalities and stage fatalities is if you were to play as Kintaro , -LRB- he 's your best bet . -RRB- If you play as Motaro you will get your a ** handed to you literally ! The A.I. actually puts any character to uppercut him and send him flying almost out of view of the screen ! But if you were to uppercut the A.I. Motaro he only stagers , ca n't have him flying into the air oh no , that would require fairness in the game.MK has been known for the -LRB- cut and paste -RRB- routine on characters and MK Trilogy is the crowning achievement of it.The male and female ninjas , and if a guy has a bike helmet and armor pads that they bought down over at Wal-Mart and calling them cyborg ninjas , you know this is a cheap a ** game . What the hell was this game made off of , a 50 $ budget ? I guess Wal-Mart was selling helmets and bike armor pads on a half off sale.I can see now why it was in five dollar bin , but I remember that there was a trash bin next to it and if I knew then before I bought it , I would have said `` Hey , this is in the wrong bin . `` Its hard to take this gory game seriously if that douche bag Dan Fordan 's big fat head keeps popping out saying `` Toasty . `` And when it says on the back of the game . `` Seven humiliating stage fatalities that sends your opponent plummeting to there embarrassing death . '' Thats you , your the opponent.The A.I. will make sure of that.As for brutalities who the hell takes the time to flush there life away to memorize twelve different moves just to do one lousy move so a guy explodes . Wow . I never seen five skulls and twenty femur bones pop out of a guy a before . Its bad enough that you have to remember all the fatalities and supper moves , now this?To sum it up.The game play was awful.The A.I. is cheap.They cut and paste the characters as they always do.The option menu is useless.The video resolution is pore.The audio is average.And the story sucked.I would not recommend this game to anyone , unless you want to yell at your TV screen all night .
 Mortal Kombat Trilogy was a popular game back in the early days of the Playstation 's existence . Even before the Playstation Mortal Kombat was known as a groundbreaking game for its graphic violence on the Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis . It was the first of its kind , or one of the first . Looking back at the old 2D fighter games , despite the heavy amount of blood and all the creative fatalities , Mortal Kombat STINKS , plain and simple . The game tries to look dangerous and back in the day it really WAS a threat . Parents were terrified that their children might experience all the blood and gore.We 're talking nearly 14 years since the original Mortal Kombats release , and now we can look at the Mortal Kombat series for what it really is
 I do n't know how people are rating this game so highly . I am a huge MK fan , but this game defines why I try to forget that MK3 and UMK3 came into existence . This is an absolutely horribly programmed one player game . The computer controlled players anticipate and counter every single move you do even on very easy ! You have to pick Motaro just to make it to the end , and then who had the brilliant idea of giving Shao Kahn a throw-there goes the one way you could beat him with most players . Avalance software must have spent one day configuring the AI for this stinker . Then , to make matters worse , the Playstation D-pad controls like a tuna boat in a boat race . Good luck not breaking your controller as you watch your character get decimated and wonder why the move you tapped in did not work , over and over again . Then after I finally beat the game with Scorpion , the machine crashed twice so who knows if he has an ending or not.The only reason I gave it two stars , is that with two people you do get an almost arcade perfect MK experience , but you still deal with the absolutely ridiculous characters of MK3 and UMK3 and all its palette swaps . My advice is to turn off aggressor mode as well as all of those cheap auto combos and pretend you are playing MKII with some extra backgrounds .
 Game is horrible dont buy definitley a waist of money . The most boring experience ever .
 Its a fun game but there is no reason to play it much more than a few times . Only good with gun controllers rather than the normal ones . Better left to the arcade .
 Yes , the graphics are goods but this game sucks big time . I rented it and I 'm glad thats all I did.Tip to the people who are considering on buying this game , rent it first because you do n't want to get stuck with this game .
 When I got this game I was expecting some fast and furious gameplay . Thats all I got . The graphics are good , but the gameplay is horrible !!! For some one like me , who loves statistics and seeing how well your players are doing individually midway through the season , forget it . NO STATISTICS !!! You ca n't put players at different positions , and create players or have roster changes , because it simply wo n't let you have this simple option . Besides that it has dumb gimics like playing against a team of dolphins , why ??? There is no point to playing the game since you ca n't see h ow well you team is doing individually or any of that stuff . It 's just play play play , and it gets boring and redundant after a while . I recommend renting it first , thats what I did .
 I rented this game expecting some fast and furious gameplay , the truth is , is that thats all you get . No statistics or roster changes !!!! Thats a major blow , besides that it has dumb gimics like when you have to play against a team of dolphins ... WHY ??? I recommend renting it first , the graphics are the only good thing about it , all you do is play play play , it gets pretty redundant and boring after a while , with no stats or rosters to look at .
 Game is simply not fun . Graphics are good , but the game play and ai are horrible compared to the competitors . Rent it first
 I expected alittle more from this game . I thought the game would be easy to play , but the controls are very awkward . I prefer FIFA alot more . You never get a good `` feel '' for the game where it feels like your really playing . -- BUT ... I really love the announcers !! You can change the announcers to a few other languages !!! This is the first time I ever saw this ! I love the Spanish announcers -- GoooaaaaaLLLLLLL !!! GOL , GOL , GOL , GOL , GOL !!!!! -- They sound awesome just like on t.v. -- But if it were n't for the feature of changing the language of the announcers , I would probably trade this one in tomorrow !! I think Fifa World cup is the best , I just wish they had more teams .
 If you like to smash things and do nothing else , then this game is for you . While it is fun at first , choosing your giant character and crushing things , it gets real old real fast . The cities you encounter look remarkably -LRB- unremarkably -RRB- alike . The controls are tight but there are very limited actions to perform . There is very little challenge to this game , as it offers unlimited replays . Playing with or against friends will offer another avenue , but still , it is more of the same . The music is also repetitive and the so-called enemies -LRB- police , tanks , civilians -RRB- are the same with every level . While the cartoonish appearance of this game may appeal to some , it does n't make for any real substance . Rent it first before you buy ... replay value is minimal at best . Try Spiderman if you want more action and substance .
 If you play one level , you 've played them all . The cities look almost alike , and you do the same thing every time . They have thrown in a few bonus levels , but they still do n't make the game any better . I was excited by seeing new characters and all , but after playing it once I never wanted to play it again . The original was more fun .
 Is this series still around ? Why ? This game gets old REAL fast and is a waste a time . I honestly can not think of one positive thing to say about this game . The music is ... nevermind . Well , the graphics are ... forget I said anything . Thanks a lot , Midway .
 Fun for two-three hours and then will collect dust .
 This game was quite ... what 's a nice word for it ... bad . I do n't completely remember , but I think this game was given to me for a birthday present or something , so I do feel bad for whoever it was who gave it to me ... what a waste of good money . Sure , at times it could be addicting , but it 's way too repetitive and too long.I think I 'll sell it the first chance I get . I do n't care what kind of games you like , do n't get this one at all .
 This is a pointless game with very little story . Not very hard but with very VERY limited controls it make shooting the path in front of you even impossible . Not my idea of a good game , try somethin' else .
 This game gets old quick . Despite the list of weapons listed on the box , you really only use 1 -LRB- the heatseeking missles -RRB- . This game as a whole lacks any options for jazzing up gameplay , and it 's pretty easy to beat ! The only good thing was you can unlock the '83 classic game and play it ! You might consider renting this game , but there 's no need to spend money on it !
 Of the 15 or so games I own for the X-box this is the only one I think is a total loss . This game held my interest for all of about 5 minutes . And the `` Multiplayer '' games that you have to first unlock by beating tracks in single player mode are a complete joke . Dont waste your hard earned money on this one .
 ... THIS GAME IS SO TERRIBLE IT REALLY SHOULD ONLY GET 1 STAR !!!!!!! The levels are impossible to a point where it isnt fun anymore , and all you do is drive in a straight line and shoot stuff . you dont have the feeling of a plot ...
 This game is short and has glitchy graphics that slow down and freeze up all the time . The game itself is pretty good but is way to short . I beat it in 1 afternoon . The xbox version comes with the original also . I played that longer than the actual game . This game is good for renting if you want a night of gaming but way to short to buy .
 Graphics are ok I just like to drive around its worth it for the price .
 I was quite upset to hear that there would not be an MVP Baseball 2006 and after buyign and playing MLB 2006
 This game had so much potential but from the very beginning it proved itself to be awkward and a terrible baseball game . The hitting engine is pathetic and it 's nearly impossible to see the pitches right . Every player has huge legs and a funny pasted on face that slightly resembles reality . The graphics are OK but older versions of MVP trump them ... actually MVP 2005 kicks this game into the gutter . The fielding dynamics are frustrating as well , and there is very little control over throwing and jumping/diving . Then there 's the management part of the game , trading sucks , and the whole roster management is fragmented to a maddening degree . My advice , wish this game had never been made and wait till MLB 2k6 or give up until EA can make MLB licensed games again .
 Stay away from baseball game this year . Without MVP baseball having the mlb license , the games just are n't worth the time and money . MLB the show , has terrible game play and overall is n't fun to play . I bought MLB the show one night and sold it the next . MVP basebal sucks with the college players so do n't buy that either .
 Pros
 This game is horrible !!! I played it at Best Buy and it sucked so bad I could n't play it for that long !!! The graphics are horrible , I mean the players do n't look good !!! It looks like they have generic faces !!! The graphics are nowhere near Major League Baseball 2k5 or MVP 2004 or 2005 !!! The gameplay is the worst I have ever seen in a baseball game !!! Do n't buy this game !! Wait until MLB 2k6 comes out !! It already looks like it has alot better graphics and gameplay , plus it has the World Baseball Classic !!!
 When I was told I could have this game I was pumped . When I loaded the game and saved my data , it took 3000 kb for rosters , profile , and dynasty . That and it was hard to play without setting everything good and taking about 750 kb . The only way to set the ball in the strike zone is to try and pitch it high . My way of hitting is to just swing and see what happens . Hitting was fairly easy , and playing on easy , I was losing 19-1 in the 3rd . My favorite part of the game is to ... . hit batters with fastballs . So overall , 2 over 5 .
 I played this game at my friend 's house recently and I was very unimpressed . I was highly dissapointed that the MVP series was n't making any more MLB games , so I decided to try this one , since I needed a new baseball game . UGH !!! How can anyone say these graphics are good . It looks like your playing on a gameboy . The entire gameplay feels choppy also . No where near as good as MVP 2005 . Career Mode does seem kind of cool , so that is the only thing going for this game . Overall , I guess I 'm going to stick with MVP 2005 again and just update the rosters because MLB 2K6 sounds terrible also . PLEASE EA SPORTS , COME BACK !!!!!
 everytime a game system seems to become outdated for the next bigger and better version , the companies seem to dump games like this on us , if you liked MVP baseball by EA sports previous efforts you will definately not like this release from SONY , and please do n't anybody say the graphics are better because they are not ... i just bought a forty dollar coaster ... mmmphh
 If i could give this game a lower rating i would . This game is the worst basball game I own . The graphics are average at best , but i dont buy a game for graphics . This game plays horribly . If you have ever played a version of EA sports mvp baseball you should avoiod this game like the plague . Its hard to hit , hard field , and the overall game play is just plain terrible . Go buy a text game before you buy this , it will be more fun . Not to mention it locks up from time to time . Save your money and buy a pizza or something for dinner , you will get more enjoyment out of it
 This game seems half baked . Good ideas with poor execution.Graphics : Arguably the best part of the game . The graphics are nice and the faces of star players are pretty well rendered . Body types are n't as well rendered and look pretty generic . Stances and deliveries are done well . Ballparks are also replicated nicely.Little glitches mentioned later detract from otherwise beautiful game graphics.Gameplay : The pace of the game is slower than any baseball game I think has ever been put out on a platform -- but in a good way . It does give one the feeling of a real baseball game one would view on television . This can be quickened up in the options if one prefers a quicker game experience or just want a ` quick and dirty ' game . The commentary is pretty good and although a little bit repetative is not annoying except for exclusion of a lack of recording names for almost all game generated players if you play franchise or career for a decent number of seasons.Pitching lacks depth in that every given pitch breaks the same way . No differing breaks on any changeup , although one may break more given the pitchers ability . Also many pitchers especially relievers seem to be given extra pitches that they do n't throw in real life presumably so 2 or 3 pitch pitchers can not be guessed so easily for the pitch guessing feature in the game.FieldingThe controls feel a lil slow and clunky in the responsiveness department . Throwing feels the worst as the game really needs a throw meter.TuningSome gameplay feel that I found a little not to my liking or a little off was the ease of getting on base via bunting -- especially drag bunting . More than what would be a normal amount of infield singles . Many of what should be routine double plays the first base runner beats out . Injuries do n't seem to happen often enough . I think I hit 6 or so batters in a row without my pitcher being thrown out and with none of the batters sustaining an injury . Ease of wild pitch seems a little off also . For as much as the game wants to be simulation-like it loses credibility as rare events happen to the point of being routine.The title `` The Show '' would make you think the developers spent a lot of time on their unique Career mode that lets you create a player and play through his career -- WRONG ! It 's not terrible at all but is not much more than a franchise mode without any control over the lineups and rosters since you are just a player . The mode lacks the depth that could have made this title uniquely great . Nothing happens by chance except injuries with the choice of playing through it or not . Recieving mentoring from veteran players or advice from coaches is totally absent and it 's a shame . Also the notes other players and the manager quickly become repetitive . You feel pretty detached from the team . An interesting feature would be to open up requests with say the owner or the GM once you reach ` veteran ' ` all star ' and ` hall of fame ' status , increasing your clout in your organization based on your star status and importance to the team as an individual or the ability to recruit key free agents.Bugs that are pretty inexcusable and may be a gamebreaker for you :1 . Game freezing during a played game2 . Lack of running tagout animations . First time I ran down a player I literally was n't sure if I 'd tagged out the runner because my player did n't reach out with his glove .3 . The minor but very annoying 4 shadows for every player on the field .4 . Umpires do n't move , they sometimes in overhead shots go 2d , and you can walk right through them like they are ghosts .5 . A glaring lack of recorded names for game generated players . Hearing , `` Number 24 comes to bat ! '' gets pretty annoying if you play career or franchise for a number of years and game generated players start to predominate the league . Some minor leaguers do get the recorded name treatment from the game for some reason , but not the majority .
 I bought this game a few days after it came out . The trailer is awesome , the music is great . But then I played it . I was frustrated from the beginning , but decided to be patient since it is not MVP 2005 that I am so used to.THE GOOD : - I am music lover and this game has some awesome tracks - The graphics are great , make other games look cartoony . - Highly customizable . - Mini-games are good.GAMEPLAY : -LRB- Offense -RRB- - Offensively , its really up for debate . Being able to guess a pitch is an integral part of real life batting . But in my opinion , not in this game . If you guess the pitch right , all you have to do is time it and , if its in the stike zone , usually get a good hit or homerun . With 5 or 6 pitches available to the pitcher against you , the laws of probability suggest that I will be making contact a lot if I guess at every pitch . I must have completed about 8 games by now and can consistently produced 10 + runs with the Yankees . ** Ca n't really control the runners . You can send them , thatsabout it . -LRB- Defense -RRB- - If you are trying to replace MVP Baseball 2005 , you will find this game very lacking defensively . ** You can do most things easy enough , but I ca n't get over the absence of the throwing meter on defense . After the outfielder throws the ball , L1 -LRB- PS2 -RRB- gets the cutoff man to intercept it . The longer you hold L1 , the harder he 'll throw . Why not incorporate that into the rest of the game ? ** I feel like players have limited range when diving on the run . ** You can `` Preload '' the throw , by pressing the base before the fielder possesses the ball , and result in the fielder getting rid of the ball faster . These good things make the absence of a throwing meter much more distressing . -LRB- Pitching -RRB- ** Takes some getting used to . The spot where you aim is n't where the ball will land , but rather where the ball will break . Big difference when throwing curves , splitters , changeups , sliders . ** After each pitch , the spot is shown where the ball broke and landed . Problem is that many times this will not be consistant with where you SAW the ball go . As a batter you NEVER see the sideways break of a slider -LRB- you see what resembles an outside curveball or changeup -RRB- , though its marked after the pitch , many times INSIDE the strike zone.ONLINE : ** Online interface is awesome . The rooms are shared by PS2 and PSP users that ca n't play aganst each other . In my opinion , they should be on seperate servers , if they ca n't play against each other . ** The online game experience is the same as the offline if both players have good connections/bandwidth . ** I have played two ALMOST complete games online . Both times as I am scoring 10 plus runs on the oponent , they quit on the bottom of the ninth . Their punishment and my reward are a couple of lousy points ! No win or loss is given . No statistics adjusted to either player . Do n't know what the points are for . I -LRB- and I think most players -RRB- care about wins/losses and stats such as average , ERA , HRs , RBIs , etc. . If the other player quits on you after you are having a great game , your stats stay as they were before you started . You can see how that player is rated before you play butthat does not justify the way its currently setup.GRAPHICS : ** Joints . With so much effort obviously being put into making this game as life-like as possible , one noticeable flaw is the double-jointed wrists of some batters . ** Faces look bad ** Too much graphics for the PS2 ?? This game is eye-candy like no other , but freezes frequently during gameplay . - After a play , the game waits for the commentator to catch up because he is usually one play behind !! - After the third out , the player make their way to the dugout . One time I saw four or five of them jogging in place at the dugout steps . - After a batter strikes out , the scene kicks in with a close up of the frustrated hitter making his way back to the dugout . Many times the commentator has not caught up to the last pitch and the programmed scene ends prematurely ! The batter loses his life-likemovement and walks like a stiff-armed robot.I did not play with season mode or franchise mode or career mode . They all sound great but after experiencing the gameplay , I can not see myself dedicating much time to this game.CONCLUSION : The game started out on the road to be the best baseball video game out ever made , but along the way the makers overlooked basic things which render this game inferior to most .
 5 things that ruin mlb 2006:1 . poor graphics . very bland all around . the players all look the same . the create-a-player feature is just about as generic as you can get . the crowd is made of 2 or 3 nintendo quality models that all move and clap at the exact same time . the stadiums are all pretty ` eh ' . they 've got the basic look down but the detail is nowhere to be found .2 . buggy graphics and sound ; the umpires are constantly facing the wrong direction , the commentary -LRB- which boasts more than 35,000 lines of dialog -RRB- is ultra repetative and frequently does n't match the gameplay , fair balls are called foul , you 'll hit a home run and the ball with go through the score board instead of bouncing off it ... . i could go on for hours .3 . poor gameplay
 Be careful if you 're big fan of the SSX versions on the console as this title did n't port too well to the PSP . I thought that given the PSP 's 3D graphics the game would come pretty close to the console version . Also , I 've seen other franchises -LRB- Tony Hawk -RRB- do very well . But something went wrong in the PSP conversion process . They got the 3D graphics effect of sliding down the hills to look pretty nice , but they left out several seemingly minor details that add up to a lot in the loss of experience - there 's very minimal customization of the characters - no extra effects while going down hill -LRB- fireworks , particles , etc -RRB- and some of the runs look a bit empty as you slide down - NO VOICES AT ALL - the music and sound effects are ok , but you do n't have an announcer telling you things nor do you hear other characters . This might seem minor , but not having it made me realize how much part of the SSX experience this was - no opening movie , cut scenes , nothingAND WARNING - I have not played the Console Version of SSX ON TOUR , but I 've heard some comments from people saying that these are TWO different games . That is , the courses are different and such . I bought this thinking it was a smaller version of the console version but it might be much less than that .
 This game has a great engine , but it is impossible to win . I got the game several months ago and have n't beaten either of the two starting levels once . To top it off , I ca n't find any cheats .
 This game is boring and too easy to beat , once u beat it , your probably not going to play it again !
 This is the most nausiating game i have ever played and i play a lot of games . sick kkk propoganda , gore for the sake of gore which takes away from gameplay , no plot . gun twirling also makes me sick . I played this game for about 10 minutes and gave it to my friend who thew it out after about 20 minutes of playing . Do n't buy under any circumstances , unless you are a violence obsessed vietnam kkk memember
 THIS GAME IS SO STUPID I GOT STUCK IN THE MIDDLE OF NO WHERE AND MY PERSON HAD TO GO PEE AND HAD TO GO TO BED.THAT WAS RIGHT AFTER I LEFT MY HOUSE IN THE GAME.EVERY FIVE MINUTES YOUR SIM HAS TO GO TO THE BATHROOM.MY SIM COULD N'T EVEN HAVE A KID.I DO N'T GET IT !!! It was kinda fun though I have to admit.I you did n't have to o into the houste with ghost though.It was pretty fun if you know A LOT about THE SIMS.Only get it if you love a lot of CHALLENGES .
 i think that ea games did a horible job on the sims 2 and sims 2 pets.If you did want to get the sims i would recomend the sims 2 for computerut dont let the sims trick you you have to buy the normal sims 2 and install it then you can use the expansion packs any ways do not get the sims for psp
 From a gameplay standpoint I love this game , it 's nearly perfect . I 've played The Sims2 on PC and found that to get a bit tiresome after a while , with the PSP version its really refreshing to have a great story , mini-games , and sub-plots . I found it much more enjoyable especially for a casual gamer , or one who can only dedicate a half hour here and there towards the game . In that respect it was exactly what I was looking for.On the implementation side , seriously , Maxis , did you try and play the game on the hardware , or did you just use your emulators ? Trying to play this game on the PSP is an exercise in frustration the likes of which you 've not seen before . The game is constantly thrashing the disk loading this or that , so that it pauses every time you try and do nearly anything , it is almost unplayable . The fantastic storyline , and mini-adventures kept me going through out these glitches , but only just barely.The sad thing is that were this a PC game , you know there 'd be a patch on the way , but this being the PSP , this games technology is likely to suck forever.Recommendation
 I love the sims . Always had , ever since the first sims came out on PC . Naturally , I was excited to get this version , and take the sims with me anywhere ! Boy , was I wrong . This is nothing like the old sims we all know and love.First off , I never ran into anything ` simmy ' about it . Like someone else said , it 's basically a 1st person rpg . No house building , etc.Secondly , the loading times are the worst I 've ever seen on any system ever . The disc is constantly thrashing in the PSP , and it seems like nothing pre-loads . Even going up to talk to a person makes it hang for a good 2-3 seconds . Then you go into a house , another 2-3 seconds . Then , you open a door , 2-3 second hang . It goes on and on . The game could have been mediocre , but the implimentation was horrible . Trust me , I can wait for something to load , I 'm not just annoyed becuase it 's an occasional thing . It 's all the time and it 's rediculous . It should n't have even been allowed to be on the psp . Ebay , here I come !
 This game is sure to wear out your PSP drive and your patience . Not only is it so painfully slow to load each and every interaction , the program will crash every 2 to 4 hours . What a wasted effort ... good potential but a terribly flawed product . Any software or quality person involved in this release should be hanging their head - awful !
 `` AS YOU CAN SEE THIS IS ABOUT THE SIMS 2 PSP GAME . I ORDERED THIS GAME FOR MY SONS 9TH BIRTHDAY . MY SON LOVES THIS GAME AND HE ALREADY HAS IT IN XBOX SO I THINK GET ONE FOR HIS PSP , HE OPENS THE CASE TO PLAY THE GAME AND INSIDE OF THE SIMS 2 CASE WAS A GRAND THEFT AUTO GAME . IT 'S NOT WHAT I ORDERED . MY SON IS NOT EVEN ALLOWED TO PLAY GRAND THEFT AUTO . NO MORE BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY !!!!!!!!!!! `` EDUCATION PEOPLE READ , THANKS FOR UPSETTING MY SON AND PISSING ME OFF ON MY CHILD 'S BIRTHDAY .
 I am not satisfied with the item i purchased from you . The item frequently freezes and stops , making it difficult to play . It does this everytime i try to play . It 's still malfunctioning and i would love if you help to resolve the issue . I really had my plans on enjoying a game of Sims 2 , but this game will not function correctly . Ever since i received the package it has been malfunctioning incorrectly . I will not play and constantly stops and freezes up . I would LOVE a full refund if you cant resolve the issue . Thanks .
 Unless you have a LOT of time on your hands for waiting , and enjoy looking at hourglasses , say , every minute , do n't bother . Very disappointed in this product . As was mentioned in another review , this system is not cheap . Shame on the creators for slapping this together . What is even more frustrating is it COULD have been a good game .
 I love the Sims and I love playing them . But , all of those versions was for my PC . I really thought I would n't have a problem ... especially if it 's being released for the PSP . This low-grade -LRB- but great graphics -RRB- game really did n't go anywhere interesting ... which was funny because it was almost as if the Sims creators just slopped this on and sold it `` as is '' . Not to mention every major move or choice I made was a pause in the game with the off-black blank screen that said `` loading '' in the top corner . Not even the original Sims did n't do that ... and I was playing with my old computer at the time.The PSP is a great system that does not come cheap . You would think with all of the positive hype with the Sims collection over the years and the PSP that * someone * would actually take their time and preventing this!I hope they come out with the better version with the Sims in the future if they want to be successful with the PSP crowds . Other than that , I 'm staying away until it 's changed .
 This game is nothing like the sims on other platforms , it is a 1st person role playing game , where you walk around doing dumb little tasks to stop yourself from getting a headache . It is similar to the game boy advance version , but the graphics are a lot better and game play is a lot worse . Simple conversations with people are now a chore , and any ground you make how ever little gets lost if you do n't meet these silly goals you do n't really care about it . So I 'm going back to my PC to play it and the Game boy when I am traveling . Its a shame they did n't try to make a sims version like the PC version and forget the neighbourhood and concentrate on the house building .
 This game had so much potential . Great story , great graphics . It would have been a fun , portable version of `` The Sims 2 '' that was much more faithful to the original PC version than the versions for DS and GBA.Unfortunately , the horrific load times and crash-proneness ruined that . Any time you do ANYTHING in this game , the game has to load from the disk . And load , and load . So you 're sitting there listening to it grind and looking at a spinning hourglass.The funny thing is that there 's only really about 5-6 hours worth of game here , but it takes at least three times that because of all the loading.Even worse is its tendency to crash . While I was playing , the game crashed several times , requiring me to restart my PSP and go back to a save file . Worst of all , it consistently crashed on the game 's finale.I 'm glad I just rented this one . It 's defintely not worth what they 're charging for it .
 Now , do n't get me wrong . This is coming from a HUGE Sims fan . I think the gameplay in this game is very much fun , and the graphics are very good . I CA N'T stand the loading times . I think they should have gotten some of the bugs out before selling it . Oh , well , still an OK game . ;-RRB- .
 Well , what can I say . . The graphics rocks but the loading and length of game play is really a disappointment . I have already played this game through . I probably would 've finished it in about a few days but the wait is what made the game seem so long . There were n't much missions fullfill and for some strange reason this game will make your psp shut off . I 've never had this problem w / my other games for psp . If I were you , I would n't really waste my money on this game . . It 's not worth it . I 'm planning to sell mine back to the store I bought it from or swap it w / the ds version .
 Def Jam Fight For NY was the best fighting game hands down to me . It is still fun to play nd its been out for like 10 years . This game is not fun . Its just a game they tried to put on psp nd ended up being stupid like alot of handheld games . Not worth anything
 To say the center dead spot is `` huge '' is an understatement . There is no `` minute adjustments '' with this wheel . You 're either going straight or turning 90 degrees.i bought it for use with Rallisport Challenge and it is totally unusable . The game demands constant steering input , and this wheel does n't give it to you . The sensitivity adjustment button on mine must be broke , because pushing it to change the sensitivity had no discernable effect.The controls are , apparently , not user configurable either . The paddles , for some bizarre reason , control your gas and brake instead of your gears , and there 's not a thing you can do to change it . Very counter-intuitive . i will be returning this wheel .
 First let me preface this
 Totally disappointing . The dead space is unbelievably large and the 8-directional button keeps misinterpreting input strokes . Ca n't believe this junk has the Thrustmaster name on it . The wheel is cheap plastic construction and has a very flimsy feeling . Do n't waste your time and money on this one .
 The steering wheel is offline , it sticks and goes to one direction . Also the bottons on the steering wheel are all backwords . The is the worst steering wheel I have ever used .
 Here we go !! just got myself a XBox , F1 2002 , and this steering wheel ... My conclusion is simple and dreadfull ... it 's just does n't give me accurate control over my car !! The deadspot in the center is just to big , and the forcefeedback get 's a 2 out of 10 . The experience with my PC and wheel is better !! and thats not the reason for me to run to the shop ... But ok , as an objective reviewer i can give it 2 stars as it is useable in arcade like games .
 This is a decent steering wheel if you want a basic arcade-style experience . For those who are a bit pickier about the driving , the wheel has a large `` dead-spot '' in the middle of the steering range which makes precise steering adjustments next-to-impossible . Some positive notes are the programmable features and the Microsoft-style cable break-aways -LRB- which allows controller extension cables to be used -RRB-
 This game is a waste of money . There is an error in the game that seems to interfere with the abilities of some compuyters to play it properly . I would tell you how to fix it but the company told me they did n't have time to waste helping morons like me.My copy was unplayable due to several errors . I exchanged it for another with the same problem . I checked and re-checked the system requirements and nothing appeared out of order . I finally I contacted the company only to find out that they could care less and were quite rude.I honestly should have known better . I had the first Lemmings game and although that one was well made I had found that their customer service left something to be desired . They would not answer my e-mails and when I finally got in contact with someone , the did not know anything about the game.If I had only had the one bad experience with the company I would assume it to be an unfortunate mistake that they treated me so poorly , but too much has happened to make me believe that its anything less than carelessness on the companies part.The game is cheap and the company is worse . I will avoid buying any more products .
 Disappointing . Fans of the former Lemmings games will be disappointed . The game requires installation of DirectX 7 , supposedly included on the CD . After several attempts at installing the game and DirectX 7 , the game would not play . The simplicity of the original game is lost .
 A neat game to play with your son or daughter but has several serious bugs particualraly at the higher levels . I have not been able to find patches for the errors and the company seems completely out to lunch ! If anyone has info please post ...
 I think this game is marketed under the title `` Kitty Luv '' too , but this is the box I ran across in a bargain bin for $ 5 . I wanted to have a look at it as a possible gift for a child , but I wanted to check it out myself first.First time I started it , the graphics were really glitchy , pixelated , and extremely slow as it fumbled around in an attempt at 3D . I downloaded a patch from the site -- which it tried to install to the wrong folder -LRB- `` Kitty Luv '' rather than `` Kitty Care '' -RRB- . With the patch , it played fine , like a different game really . But the kittens are hideous things . One breed has an obvious seam -LRB- ?? -RRB- running up the center , and they all have weird eyes and do n't move like kittens either . The 3D environments actually look nice -LRB- after the patch , of course -RRB- , but the kittens are ugly and there 's not much game play to speak of . The mini-games are not fun even for the most bored.It is okay for a cyber pet/tamagotchi sort of thing , but there are much more fun `` pet '' games for kids . I highly suggest you buy Catz 5 instead .
 As with the previous reviewer I too purchased this game from the $ 5 buck Bargain Bin . If I knew how crappy it was I would of saved my $ 5 bucks . First , it would n't run on my Laptop ... kept saying Unable to Initialize Video and so I tried it on my Desktop computer . It kept crashing on my Desktop and having to close the program . This game was a totally waste of time . I too suggest you buy Cats5 or some other virtual pet software . Avoid this one at ALL COST !!
 When I bought this game I thought it was going to be fun . But I was disapointed . The only way to play is the pre-made games . If you do n't you ca n't even build a control tower . No tower no flights . In otherwords DO N'T BUY THIS GAME !
 I Just Bought This Game , Get This
 I like many other unfortunate consumers , purchased this game with high hopes . The tutorial in this game takes forever and never shows the complete process to build the airport . Control towers are non-existent and are required to play . I would have returned the game but unfortunately this can not be done once opened . I 'm a big fan of simulation games , and this one belongs in the trash ! Could have been a fun game .
 The game is horribly designed . One of the first things you must do is place the airport runway , and you are required to do this without being able to zoom out far enough to see the ends . It gets worse from there .
 I have n't been able to play this game yet as it , apparently , only instals on a windows 95/98/me system . I have an XP and it wo n't even open the install applet to install it . When I get around to setting my 98SE back up I will try it on there and then maybe I will have something to say about the game play of this game .
 A very good idea for a game . There 's a lot of room for improvement , different ways to play the game , etc. . Nothing will ever be the same . Unfortunately , it 's very predictable . It 's quite capitalistic-like , but too extreme . The game starts off by giving you NO business so you 're in the red . This can be overcome by little initial spending . Soon after this turn for the worse - business is booming ! Contracts coming from all over the place . THEN ... you experience a drought that is impossible to overcome with NO explanation . This has happened to me multiple times with no remedy .
 It 's fairly good but there are major flaws . First of all , When you opened a saved game , all the planes you had at youre airport are gone . Also , there is a limit on how many runways you can have , the flights are never on time , the game simulation time is very slow , the tutorial takes literally 40 min. , and declined companies keep coming back . It 's ok , but there are better things you can buy .
 It 's fairly good but there are major flaws . First of all , When you opened a saved game , all the planes you had at youre airport are gone . Also , there is a limit on how many runways you can have , the flights are never on time , the game simulation time is very slow , the tutorial takes literally 40 min. , and declined companies keep coming back . It 's ok , but there are better things you can buy .
 A bad execution of a good idea . This game has some major limitations : You are limited to four runways , and if you want to upgrade to a longer runway , you have to clear all the old flight contracts off the old runway . This sounds easy , but you can only change/refuse contracts at their annual renewal . Thus , you have to go through a year of game time refusing all new contracts for the old runway and moving or cancelling the old contracts . TEDIOUS!You eventually run up against a cap on the number of objects in the game . You also run up against a cap on the number of airline/flight/retail contracts in the game.Construction is basically dumping the correct items in the correct areas . Layout does n't matter -LRB- i.e. the game does n't care if the fronts of two check-in counters are sandwiched together so no one can get to them -RRB- . Many items do n't seem to do anything anyway.So why two stars instead of one?The game was somewhat fun in the early stages of airport development . But I wanted to grow my airport into world-class status -LRB- e.g. JFK , O'Hare , or Heathrow -RRB- . You just ca n't do that in Airport Tycoon . But without the goal of seeing how big you can make your airport , the game loses a lot .
 When I saw a tycoon game for airports I was excited about it , but it can be summed up in one word-failure . Gameplay is so slow it moves frame-by-frame , money is limited and runs out quickly , airline contracts are nearly impossible to get , and the whole game is just way too complicated . The graphics are nice , but you really do n't get much of a chance to see them . If you are planning to buy this game , take my advice-SAVE YOUR CASH !!
 This game was on sale for ... when I bought it . Now I see why . The graphics in this game are pretty cool , you can really see what you are creating at many different angles . However , the game becomes very frustrating after a while because nothing happens ! I read the manual and in the back it showed us an example airport in Chicago . It told me step by step how to build a simple airport . For one thing , I ran out of money . Also , it never told us how to negotiate contracts or anything ! The end result ? My airport just sat there with no planes and diving into debt . You need to be a rocket scientist to figure out this game !
 I got 5 words for you . Do Not Buy This Game !!! ... I think it is stupid , sim coaster , polilical tycoon , roller coaster tycoon and even Dino park tycoon is better i like all of this but airport tycoon is the worst , the maunul tells you to do one thing but the `` game '' tells you to do another . Save yourself from anger do n't buy this game . There is no `` players ' Guide '' and you have no idea what to do .
 Worst game ever . The tutorial runs out of money . Enough said !
 This is one of the worst games in the world . The tutorial is poorly built and confusing . Even DinoPark Tycoon is funner . It seems like this game only took 1 day to make . The management is horrible , graphics are horrible , and this game will make a good sleep pill . It is so difficult to learn and once you master it , it is boring . I recommend that you do n't buy this game if your life depended on it .
 well i am a big fan of tycoon games but this one really bites the dust . Now i think it is a really great concept and i dont mind the graphics . All the buildings are pretty cool but there is one problem . One of the things that i like most about tycoon games is to watch the people in the game . Well in this game the people dont do anything and it gets boring to play , in fact its depressing . There is no noise and sound , its boring to watch and even more boring to play . If you want a good tycoon game , one that i think is much better is airline tycoon . It is the same concept but a much better game . Take my advice and dont waste your money on this game
 This was a total waste of money . I work for a software company in NH/MA and do Quality Assurance on software programs . This program has entirely too many bugs for any user . Before you buy this game , read all of the comments and reviews , that was the mistake I made . How can a company release a piece of software that will result in constant freezes , enless waits , and an annoying as hell pager that goes off all of the time . Hundreds of flights can arrive and depart daily from your airport , yet you may never see a single plane all day , What 's up with that ? Poor design concept . The thought is good , but they really ruined the game by releasing it before the bugs were worked out , AND STILL NO PATCH EXISTS .
 I was very excited when I bought the game because I am a huge fan of tycoon games . Unfortunatedly , this one was n't as good as you could expect from the name and the idea . After you open your airport and get your first two or three contracts , the game enters in an endless task of approving and rejecting business and airlines contracts and there is nothing else to do . Basically , after the first two or three hours of playing it gets boring doing over and over the same things .
 This game is interesting at the beginning , however money soon begins to run out after a certain amount of time . When you reach a large amount of passenger volume you have to constantly build security gates and lockers and other items in the terminal to keep passengers happy . One of my airports had almost 100 security gates and they kept asking for more - after all the effort you put in the game it just frustrates you .
 I bought this game at wal-mart -LRB- for half the price ... -RRB- , and I 've done the tutorial , read the instruction book , spent a few hours trying to play ... not very entertaining . It has BASIC graphics , very simple -LRB- not user friendly , basic programing -RRB- . Very difficult to master , but if you 've got the time , you could possibly enjoy this game . One of the other reviews said looking online for strategy guides , again ... how much time do you really want to spend playing this game?I buy a lot and play a lot of these ` tycoon ' or simulation games , and I can tell you by experience , this game would be at the bottom of my list of favs . Hope that helps !
 You 'd think , OK , someone new is following in the steps of Railroad Tycoon -LRB- like Chris Sawyer when he did Transport Tycoon -RRB- , but not this game . The game wo n't even work the right way . I ca n't even build the terminal ! Stay away . If you 're thinking `` It has the word tycoon '' step back .
 Wait for the patch . This game has far too many bugs , very disappointing . But it is otherwise a cool game . You can manage everything in your airport . I like how you can negotiate contracts with businesses to place things like fast food joints in your terminal . I 'm waiting to find a patch -LRB- something you can download that will fix the bugs -RRB- for this game so i can finally enjoy it .
 Being a avid `` Build 'em '' game fan , I had high hopes when I saw this game . My first warning that I was going to have problmes was that the box had one name , the manual another name , and the screen shots in the manual had yet a third name for this program . The manual lacks any rules required for the operation of the game . The interface is inconvienient at best . I was unable to rotate any pre-made airport terminals , or views around my terminal . If you are unfortunate enough to get property with the road entering on the wrong side , then you have to build roads all the way around the terminal on the pre made ones . In my early games , options that the game said I had to have for the airport to function , such as tarmacks and fire stations and control towers , were unavailable as building options . Given this fact , I was unable to progress very far in the game . One of the companies listed in the back of the manual as tech support disavow any knowledge of this product , and the other source failed to return any e-mails . If it was n't for the fact that the game was opened , I would have returned it for my money back the first night . What a waste of time and money . It appears to me that the product was packaged up and shipped in hope that some money would still be able to be made off the initial investment .
 This could have been a great game . It has all the elements to succeed and is well-conceived . The designer included all sorts of elements from airport design , a financial model , negotiation of contracts and numerous camera views such as walking through the terminal . Unfortunately , the execution is awful . The graphics are 5 years behind -LRB- & ugly to boot -RRB- ; the interface is awkward ; there is no sound to speak of ; there are numerous bugs ; the manual is no help ; construction of the airport is clumsy ; and not much happens once the game runs . Did I say the graphics are only 5 years behind . Compare the passengers walking through the terminal to the Dire Straits video from the early 1980 's -LRB- I want my MTV -RRB- .
 I am not much of a game expert , but I do know what I like to play . I decided I wanted the game because the concept of running my own airport would be fun . I even read a few of the reviews on amazon . My husband seen the game at -LSB- local store -RSB- including in a pack with other games . He only paid -LSB- some money -RSB- for the pack and I see why . First the box said airport tycoon , but the cd saids Air Mogul . I guess it is the same game . When I first seen the graphics it was awful . I still thought there would be hope . The game play is not easy to understand and the game tutorial was worthless in fact it was mess up itself . I just did n't like it at all . I was very disappointed . So if you are just a person who like to play games just for the fun of it , and not one of those hard gamers do n't waste your money on this game . It was n't even worth a few dollars . Now one of the other games in the pack I am currently playing is RailRoad Tycoon 2 and it was definitely worth the few dollars .
 This game is confusing and stupid !! It is hard to find out what each butten means but please use your money wisely and dont get this game !!!!! Get Roller Coaster Tycoon or The Sims .
 the game was terrible . it has ok graphics but they expect you to build an airport with no money and learn how to play the game with no instructions
 It was horrible !! when I got it at the store i was really excited but when i installed it , it kept freezing and crashing my computer ! i hated it
 This game is rather hard to understand , not to mention the irritating Middle Eastern Music It forces you to listen to as you try and play it . At first , I was excited to build my own airport with security and gates and everything , but the makeshift passengers could care less about boundaries and markers , so the game automatically gets the -LSB- worst -RSB- rating . The Planes that come and go on the runways are sortof interesting , but when asked to sign a new contract with an airline , you do n't even notice a different plane coming in , they all look the same ! Also , the title of this game is `` Airport Tycoon , '' but , when installed , the game is somehow renamed `` Air Mogul '' which is the stupidest thing I have ever seen.This game is a great idea , it just has to be developed further into something that works !
 I bought the game with high hopes having played Roller Coaster Tycoon for many months . This game is just a disappointment . It takes a long time for one year to pass and the game just creeps by . I start the game and then walk away to do other stuff and then come back and clear up any trouble that has developed and then walk off again . It does n't hold my interest . The graphics are poor to say the least and there are not any instructions to help you get started . This game is not worth it . Go buy RailRoad Tycoon instead .
 When I bought this game I thought that it was going to be something fun to play . IT WAS N'T ! It is very slow , it takes forever to get your airport active , and you always end up going into debt . I got it cheap -LRB- dollar amount -RRB- but it was a waste ! DO N'T BUY THIS !!!!!!!!!!
 This game looked good from the front and back covers . However , I can never seem to start it I get to the main menu and boom . Im back at my desktop . The tech support part of the manual isnt that good and if u call the tech support phone # , they need to know all this stuff about your computer and they dont tell you how to find any of it out . I would not reccomned buying this game .
 Worst tycoon ever ! You have limits for every single thing , lots of bugs , and most of all , it 's freakin booooooooooring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do n't buy this game !
 This is a horrible game . Do not waste your money . The interface is terrible , the menue vanishes at times and you have to restart the game as well as the lag of just trying to get the mouse to move to a position . There is no help for the game at all . I have tried four times to create an airport and never get any contracts and the place runs out of money ... game over.Total and complete waste of energy . You have been warned . I hate that I have to give it one star .
 One of the biggest mistakes of my life was purchasing this travesty of computer programming . It runs terribly , and I have a new 533 system . The time frame is not paced , and the options are not as smooth as the package promotes . Bad production indeed ! And the biggest factor that it fails to anywhere close to fun .
 It was horrible !! when I got it at the store i was really excited but when i installed it , it kept freezing and crashing my computer ! i hated it
 This is a horrible game . Do not waste your money . The interface is terrible , the menue vanishes at times and you have to restart the game as well as the lag of just trying to get the mouse to move to a position . There is no help for the game at all . I have tried four times to create an airport and never get any contracts and the place runs out of money ... game over.Total and complete waste of energy . You have been warned . I hate that I have to give it one star .
 This program tries to be a serious business sim and a Sim City type of game but instead does neither well . The manual is too small to help . In the time it takes a plane to land several hours have passed . Night time never comes and though flights are delayed by bad weather nothing reflects the bad weather other than the warning on your pager . Oddly enough , I saw a remarkably similar program entitled Airport Inc on the web that looked more involved but it was obviously the same graphics . I think this company is just trying anything they can to recoup losses incurred in making this turkey . Too bad though - it 's a great idea .
 When I first bought this game , I was enamored with the concept of being able to build from the ground up my very own airport . However , even as I was installing it , I could tell that the game would not live up to even my barest expectations . For one , the screens , icons , and folders all list it as `` Air Mogul , '' even though the packaging says Airport Tycoon . -LRB- My guess is it was titled this to capitalize on the other successful `` Tycoon '' games . -RRB- After a tantalizing opening teaser film , I worked my way around the somewhat difficult Main Menus and submenus -LRB- Options , etc. -RRB- Disappointing . The tutorial is useless , the Manual is useless for anything . You 're pretty much on your own with this . It took me several hours of tweaking and fiddling to finally get an airport that was completely in the black.From then on , it was a monotonous procession of approving , rejecting , and renewing contracts . The `` disasters '' and `` threats '' are repetitive and surmountable . Even the names of the aircraft are bogus ; `` Bowing '' instead of Boeing , `` Leer '' rather than Lear . The graphics were decent , and the objects were varied , but not varied enough . The one decent thing in this whole fiasco was the movement of the airplanes on takeoff and landing , but once they were taxiing , that expensive taxiway you laid is not as used as the service lanes that abut it . Sometimes planes just disappeared for no reason . The other complaint was the whole time scale ; it was just unbelievable . I could go on forever , but I 'm sure you see my point.My fervent hope is that Electronic Arts buys the rights to this `` game '' and turns it over to the Maxis subsidiary . Then , those geniuses who brought you SimCity 3000 and The Sims could work their programming magic and turn this into something truly worthwhile .
 To begin with , I wanted to give it 0 stars . I never flew a single mission !!! This title is a huge rip off . I spent several days trying to get it working and never got off the ground . It does not run on XP and the support sites have all been pulled . Why ? Too many complaints maybe ? The Global Star and Talonsoft people wo n't be getting any more of my money !!!
 Does n't work on XP , joystick is too sensitive , overall the worst excuse for a flight sim .
 This game stinks ! If your looking for an action game look some where eles . the grafics are ok , but the diving experiance -LSB- stinks -RSB-
 i trusted the words of these reviews here ... and i was totally disappointed . for one thing the cars u chase dont get damaged by anything but when you hit them and most of the time it just hurts your car more than the bad guy 's . once i tried ramming him head on and it took out half my life and less than 10 % of his . and the cars are slow and boring . dont buy it . if u think its gon na be good rent it first , because once u rent it you wont want it . . guarenteed .
 I hate this game !!! ... The graphics are horrible and its boring . !!! ...
 I bought this game for like $ because i read these reviews on amazon so i thought it would be alright since alot of people liked it . When i played it ... i regreted even thinking of buying it . It has horrible controls , stupid missions , and the graphics are so bad , the pics cant give you any idea how bad the graphics are . I returned this game and got my money back because it was so bad after playing less then 1 hour .
 Lets see I really dont like the game at all , it gets boring quick its just not one of THQs good games.The gameplay is ok but thats about it .
 I played this game for a few hours and then returned it the next day . The controls for doing tricks are really , really annoying . The graphics are average -- nothing great but not ugly . Compared to what the PS2 can do , this game should look and play a heck of a lot better .
 I went by the reviews and rented this game , lucky i did n't buy it , it 's almost exactly like the old ea games , which are nothing , especially compared to the sierra computer games . I have n't played the 2002 ea game , so i ca n't say about it , but i 'd say cart world series is the best playstation racing game . and it 's so old you probably ca n't find it anymore .
 Sorry Racers , but bought this game on a whim , and paid dearly for it . Nascar Heat just ca n't measure up to the amount of playability , and realism that Nascar Thunder 2002 offers . You ca n't build your own car . You must race an established car , -LRB- sorry but what fun is bein the substitute driver ?? -RRB- I wan na be the STAR !! The head to head feature was n't that impressive . Yeah great Kevin Harvick can beat me on his favorite track ? I paid 20 bucks to find this out ?? The graphics looked washed out on my tv , and the car gets too squirelly in the corners . The music , and the intro is better then NT2002 , but the spotter 's voice is too garbled to understand clearly . Overall very disappointed with this game .
 I would like to know where my game is ???? I had placed my order about a month ago
 I happen to pre-order the Nascar Heat and once it arrives I will give a proper rating . I do know with what I have seen it does out perform the Electronic Arts version of the game . It may not be the PC Version like NASCAR 4 but I have had many friends come over during parties and they could n't get enough of it ... and that was Nascar 2001 by EA Sports . I will admit it is a better 2 player game .
 If you 're just looking for a simple , amusing platformer , then you 'll probably enjoy this . However , if you 're looking for a true Commander Keen game to continue the classic computer series you loved so much in your youth ... well , this is not it . And it 's from that standpoint that I 'm basing this review.BORING ENEMIES . In the original Keen series , every enemy felt unique ... whether in the number of shots it took to defeat , the way it reacted to Keen , its speed or pattern of movement , etc. . In this game , however , the majority of the enemies are identical
 As a huge baseball fan and moderately fired-up gamer , I was primed to enjoy MLB 2K6 PSP . I 'd read how the graphics were so hot you could tell the players apart just by looking at them . Surely it had to be better than the cheapie game I downloaded onto my LG cell phone -- you know , the one where your runner stays glued to first base while the batter hits one off the wall , resulting in your basic 8-4 fielder 's choice.Well ... . Certainly the graphics are impressive . The game LOOKS right . But playing it ? Forget it . Maybe it 's me ; maybe I 've lost all hand-eye coordination overnight . But I found 2K6 absolutely unplayable . I lost my first two games by a combined score of something like 26-4 . Figuring I needed to crawl before I could walk , I then opted to play the Yankees against the lowly Royals . Only lost 6-0 this time!Don ' t get me wrong ; I 'm not ticked off that I kept losing . I 'm a loser all around , I 'm okay with that . But check out the way you lose . Your runners get thrown out on the basepaths left and right , even if you are n't particularly aggressive about sending them off . I somehow managed to get 12 hits in one game without scoring ! Has there even been a 12-hit shutout in the big leagues ? If there has been , it probably was n't much fun , and neither was this.Defense ? Sometimes it works fine . Other times , your outfielder might decide to pull a St. Vitus Dance on you , turning a single into an inside-the-parker for the other team . And for some delightful reason , whenever the other team has a guy on first , your catcher decides to rebel against his job description and allow pitches to fly over his head . He also turns out to be crotchety about chasing the errant throw , resulting in your basic first-to-third-on-a-passed-ball play . Fun fun fun!The hitting works all right , the pitching is good , the graphics are great . Hopefully the glitches will go away next year . Yeah , that 's right , wait 'til next year !
 I 've played a ton of sports games on PSP and other systems but have always found baseball games a little dull -LRB- sort of like their real world counterpart IMO - sorry ! -RRB- . That was until I discovered 2K MLB a few months ago . That is a great game which really puts you in the action with intuitive controls , great views , and good commentary . I actually learned to appreciate the subtleties of baseball as a result.I thought the only thing that might be better would be the new 2K6 version . Well , I was wrong . The controls on the new version are horrible and not intuitive at all . Also , the players do n't always respond to the controls which is frustrating . There are silly bugs that should have been worked out well before release . For example , after striking out for the third out the batter remains at the plate waiting expectantly for another pitch while everyone else is running off the field . I had a player run through first and continue running all the way down the foul line . I guess he had to go to the bathroom or something!The game is slow to load on the PSP and the commentary lags well behind the action - unlike the earlier version . The views are bad , jumping around so much that it is impossible to suspend disbelief . The pitching controls seem to be different only for the sake of changing things . They are no more realistic or fun . Overall , this game is a big disappointment . I highly recommend picking up the original 2K release in the bargain bin instead .
 This one is got ta be the worst game ever made for the Game Boy Color system . I 'm still kicking myself for not renting it first . Had I done that , I would have never bought it.I ca n't even count how many things are wrong with it . Awful cardboard cut-out graphics , annoying music , imprecise controls , totally weird levels.For example level one -LRB- called extra level 1 , do n't ask me why -RRB- is simple enough ; you start on the left of the level and exit on the right , nothing to it . Level 2 however , has an invisible exit door somewhere in the level which I have n't been able to find and believe me I 've looked !!! So I 've been stuck on this stupid level for ever . Not that I 'm trying very hard anymore , I pick it up every once in a while and just end up throwing it away in disgust after 5 minutes . The only reason I know the exit is invisible is because I read it somewhere in some review . Before that , I was going crazy trying to figure out what I was doing wrong , when in actual fact this game is flawed to the max.Another thing wrong with it is the lack of instructions in the booklet , it gives next to no information on game play.Anyway enough ranting , just be warned and do n't spend your dollars on this useless piece of ...
 In 1993 , an action game for the original Game boy was released . It was called `` Titus the Fox '' . This is the sequel -LRB- even though you ca n't find the original here at Amazon.com -RRB- . There 's still those horrible white lines around everything , making the graphics look like cardboard -LRB- or paper -RRB- cut-outs . But this game is n't the worst game in the history of earth , because Klonoa
 well , needless to say I just bought this game a while back , and emediatly I threw it out to the dogs , being that it was barely good enough for the dogs to chew on . After that I proceeded to pelt it with rocks because it was scaring the kids . All I have to say is `` If you 're looking for the worst game in the history of earth ... you just found it '' this is franklydongivadam , and I 'm out , oh ya , if this game could have gone into negatives , believe me , it would .
 Not sure why but my game doesnt work at all !!! Like most here i am a huge `` command & conquer '' fan and i thought it would be nice to introduce my teenage son to the games that we played . unfortunately he cant play it . i dont want to give the seller a bad review because they dont deserve it but i cant honestly review the quality of the actual game . just another CD sitting in a box right now
 I 'm not sure if the game is too old but I could not get it to play on my windows 7 computer : -LRB-
 Had this game on ps2 and it was great . Got it for the Wii so my friends and I could enjoy hours of mindless fun . Unfortunately all we got was motion sickness and achy arms.The camera refuses to stop revolving around us as we play . This gives rise to awkward camera angles and the aforementioned motion sickness . Not just to me but to everyone playing and even a couple people just watching.The control scheme with regards the Wii-mote and the motions needed does n't feel very well thought out or particularly beneficial to the gameplay as a result of the difficulty in performing the action you actually want . Also with 4 people randomly swinging their arms about , someone 's destined to be bruised unless you 've got lots of space . Nintendo need to make all games with a standard control scheme , incorporating the classic controller and gamecube controllers , and offer an in game bonus for using the Wii-mote and nunchuk -LRB- for this game faster regeneration of power perhaps -RRB- . If these flaws are n't corrected in the upcoming version I do n't see myself getting it for the Wii as the one advantage they had over other systems -LRB- 4 players per system without the purchase of an additional peripheral -RRB- is now moot .
 I had high expectations for this game , but was Ultimately let down . Getting to work with all of the superheroes is great , but since you have four at once , they tend to get in each other 's way , and you can become boxed in . It is also not always intuitive as to what your goal is for each level , and it is easy to get lost without a full screen map . I started out at the easy level , just to learn how it all worked , and now I ca n't change the level without restarting my game
 the wii controls for this game just really feel like an afterthought , they really do n't work well at all . it plays better with the more standard alternate controls . This is basically an isometric brawler , pretty fun using your super powers to beat up dudes for a while , but it quickly becomes repetitive . there are many better games for the wii .
 The graphic of Wii version is the same as my Xbox classical but it still looks good to me . The game play is not more interesting than the old X-men game I have on classical Xbox.The most disappointing thing is the Wii remote controller does not work well with action games . Many times , I moved the controller to one direction but my character moved to a different direction or it did not respond at all . To get accurate movements , I have to use Nintendo classical controller to play action games . This is where Wii loses its attraction because movements on the classical controller are not as `` natural '' as the Wii remote.The only positive thing about this game is it has more characters than in other X-men games.In short , it 's not worth buying if you already have other X-men games .
 Im not in the mood to write a whole review for this game because in my opinion , its not even worth that . The new Wii remote controls for this game suck and its just a copy of X-men from older systems . Not worth to be on the Wii
 We were unable to play this 2006 game on our Wii console . After a few minutes of play it crashed . None of our other games , new or old , have done this . There are no obvious defects on the disk.We bought it used through Amazon and Amazon gave us a full refund with shipping.It could be that1 . The disk is defective . Perhaps it is even counterfeit .2 . This 2006 game is incompatible with Wii updates that have been applied over the past five years .
 Without the Elemental Heroes , this is not fun . but it completes my yugioh collection .
 This game is very difficult for beginners to pickup . After playing the home version with the DC controler I realized how much I miss those twin sticks . Trying to get use to the controls takes a very long time and the pay off is n't worth it.Graphics are only as good as the arcade version -LRB- perfect port of the arcade visually -RRB- , which is now dated.Hardcore Virtual On fans seem to like it a lot , everyone else should pass . There are better rewarding games that take less time to figure out . Oh yeah , where is the Internet play Activision ?
 This game ... -LSB- is horrible -RSB- . You fly around uncontrolably . You press the shoot button and nothing happens.DONT BUY THIS GAME .
 This game , I must admit , has beautiful graphics and awesome gameplay . The problem is the controls are designed around a peripheral , which most of you know , called Twin Sticks . Playing the game with a standard controller IS possible and ALMOST fun , but it 's like playing Quake without a keyboard , possible but not tolerable . I purchased the game and decided the Twin Sticks were a must , so I attempted to acquire a set . I found that the controllers go for around $ 75 each AND even if I felt like sinking $ 150 into one game I did n't have the option because the controllers are not sold in the US -LRB- as of June 2000 -RRB- and all mail-order shops I found were sold out . So unless you already have Twin Sticks -LRB- actually Sega Saturn Twin Sticks work with an adapter -RRB- I would n't purchase this game . Do n't get me wrong , this game is awesome , but true gamers wo n't be able to put up with the lack of control . -- 2 stars , for now
 This is a horribly violent game to be marketing it to kids ! It should have a T rating , I do n't know who was asleep at the switch and let this through with an E!
 this game iz badf it isdas 2 harde !
 It gets Spider-Man all wrong . It ' s ruining Spider-Man ' s good name.Graphics
 this game is so boring after you beat it . On the last level its like impossible to get all the letters and it takes like 30 mins to defeat the guy .
 Reality - This game is straight right . . I thought I was back on my dusty Sega . . If you 're over the age of six . . do n't even bother with the load time on this one . ACK
 I was very disappointed with this game . The camera angles make it very difficult to move and it is hard to tell from the animation whether you are standing on the ground or floating in the air . I enjoyed the premise but was glad that I rented it before I purchased .
 The game is either so old , or my copy has to many bugs in it . I can not get parts of the game to load , so can not continue playing it . I had the original game in the 1990 's and it was better than this
 All right , looking at this from the point of view of a collector , you should probably skip this unless you 're going for some kind of complete N64 collection . Yes , it 's interesting to see an early attempt at stuffing an RTS onto a console , but it 's not fun to play - nor is it very good-looking . There will be plenty of times when trying to select your units by dragging a highlighting rectangle over them with your analog stick causes you to lose a window of strategic opportunity.If you want to play this game , get the PC version .
 I do n't play games very often but I wanted a cheap version of C&C -LRB- so I do n't have to mess with DOS -RRB- so I got this C&C on N64 but the controls are bad and people already mentioned in previous reviews of how the lips do n't move when they talk to you about missions ... I 'm glad it was only $ 7 wasted
 Well , let me tell you . This game is the pits if you have already played the original Command & Conquer on the PC . Only difference is 4 new missions and the ability to launch nukes . If this is your first Westwood game , I would suggest you buy it . It has actually true 3-d enviroments . To me , this game was a dissapointment . Just the same old stuff . If I were you , I would buy something like Tiberian Sun or Command & Conquer Red Alert . Especialy Tiberian Sun has better graphics , new units , and uncharted missions . Anyway , I 'm talking off the hook , just do n't buy it if you catch my drift .
 I was not impressed by the nintendo64 's interpritation of this great computer game . I thought that this game was not only a wast of my money but a wast of my time .
 I have been a HUGE fan of Command and Conquer games ever since they first debuted back in 1996 . I was pretty excited to see the N64 release only to be gravely disapointed . All of the levels were the same as the PC version , there was no multiplayer -LRB- best feature of C&C games ! -RRB- , and the graphics were 3D but screwed up ! Using the stick instead of a mouse to control your units is so hard it seems useless to try . Why spend $ on a jacked over version of a classic when you can buy the perfected computer version for cheaper ? The answer is you do n't !
 I played the original Age of Empires , both I and II , and their expansions , and for the time they were released , they were the best thing out , easily . For their time they were innovative , and brought new ideas , graphics and notions to the RTSs . However , this game does little that is innovative , and almost nothing that has not , by this time , been done in almost any other RTS . This game offers nothing new to the market.Controls consist of simple point and click movement , and battles consist of nothing more than moving and clicking as well . There is simply NOTHING new here . For instance , Battle For Middle Earth II tryed to be innovative with adding battalions rather then units , and making battles consist of more then simply point and click . Age of Empires III however has the same controls and ideas that Age of Empires II had nearly 10 years ago.In terms of Graphics , I really dont see what is so special about this game , Company of Heroes , Battle For Middle Earth II and Rome Total War , all offer better graphics than this game boasts , and all offer gameplay that is simply worlds away.In terms of sound , this game also lacks for a good deal , with sound being rather bland and the music being rather forgettable.The AI . Here is where I was really bewildered , the AI in this game is simply braindead . Even on the hardest setting , expert , and WITH a +50 % resource bonus , the AI still seems reluctant to even attempt a large scalle attack against one 's base . Why ? I really dont know , it WILL attack , but with only the smallest of forces and only the most meager of strategies.Bottomline
 no one can make a custom scenario game on eso that means no castle blood no grave blood no soldier store where are the good custom scenario games i went to check out aoe2 at the zone and most of the population was playing custom scenario doesnt es relize this what are they thinking i would not even waste ur money on this thing i did buy it but now im going back to aoe2 to play the custom games .
 My hw is overkill for the game . It seemed to install just fine . And then it just would n't run . Click on the icon and nothing happened . There was no help anywhere for it . I checked all the `` fixes '' online and nothing worked . I 've worked for VAR 's troubleshooting PC 's for a living and I could n't get it to run . I 'd give it 0 stars if I could .
 If you enjoy single player only , then it 's a great game.However if you intended to play multiplayer , do n't bother.The server has been down repeatedly . The game gives you `` xp '' , or experience points , which decides which level Home City you have.At this point in time , if you 're one of the lucky ones , you will receive the xp you have earned , most of us however , have n't received our xp.Under the chat browser , there are chat rooms listed that promise ways to fix the xp problem , however the ES people then say there is no way to fix them , yet they leave the chat rooms so people remain confused.There are only a few hundred people average on the server , the most it 's hit is probably 1,110 , while early morning US hours , there are usually around 30-40 people ... If ES ca n't handle so few people , what are they going to do when more people try to join ?
 Do not buy this game . There are legions of `` throughly modern and up-to-date '' video cards that are simply `` not supported '' by AoE3 . Once again Microsoft puts their profits before performance and the consumer is screwed . This might be a pretty good game . Someday I might play it . But for now the formulaic Microsoft rush to sales before first order bugs are removed means that you , kind citizen , like me , will very likely be screwed by this -LRB- non -RRB- game .
 - Graphic is not that great even compare to RON - ALMOST NO UNITS VARIATION ! Units variation is very important for RTS game.-Only to imprerial age . - Information is not clear . For example , hit point of units and building . - Boring home city system . This is RTS game my friend , not another card / board game.I list it on ebay after 1 hour I installed this game .
 First of all , this Age of Empires III game has a lot of potential and promise because it belong in the Age of Empires series . The other Age of Empires games were great . This game could of been a great strategy game . It 's not even close . What a shame.Two good strategy games for the same time period is `` Rise of Nations '' and `` Empire Earth 2 '' . Visually , Age of Empires III has better graphics than the other two games . Gameplay wise , the other two games are whole lot better . The developer , Ensemble Studios , really screwed up on this game . Ensemble Studios concentrated way too much on the graphics for Age of Empires III and forgot about gameplay.Here are some examples of what I mean . First , when you play in Skirmish Mode in Age of Empires III , you ca n't just stay in one Age like you can in Rise of Nations . Your force to play through different Ages whether you like it or not . Second , you ca n't upgrade units like you can in Rise of Nations . Your units always stay the same and look the same . Third , your explorer in the game ca n't just explore on his own on any map like in Rise of Nations . Fourth , there is no World map so there is no countries or territories to conquer like in Rise of Nations . There is no strategy at all . Fifth , you ca n't make any of your units or enemy units be in agressive or defensive stances like you can in Rise of Nations . Sixth , you ca n't put units on top of walls to defend forts which is really disappointing . In fact , your units on the ground can shoot through walls at the enemy and actually hit and kill enemy units on the other side of the wall . I do n't understand how they can do that . Seventh , can somebody explain to me how does a train in the game that appears out of thin air starts out on one end of railroad tracks and moves along the railroad tracks and the train goes to the other end of the railroad tracks and just disappears into thin air ? What happen to the train?How this game ever made it through the Beta Stage , before it was put up for sale to the public , with all these bugs in it I 'll never know . This game is way overrated and way overpriced . Do n't buy into all the hype about this game . Save your money until the game comes down in price and hits the bargain bin .
 Is it too much to ask that a sequel be better than the games that came before it?Here is my theory
 Seems people are n't mentioning that the AI -LRB- in vs computer opponent games -RRB- will not build docks , and even if you create a map with pre-built docks for AI players the AI barely uses them.On an island map there is no contact between civilizations until they reach flight technology .
 A step down from Mythology.I bought this having seen the great trailers and game footage . The graphics seem to be good , but on my fairly new computer -LRB- 1Gb Ram and 4 month old video card -RRB- I had to run them at about half their potential to keep the game from stuttering.The Gameplay sadly is unoriginal and features the uninteresting fight for North America.Stick with II and Mythology , until you can get this for about $ 10 , because that 's what it 's worth .
 Having played Age of Mythology -LRB- Titans Expansion -RRB- I was expecting more dynamic interaction . This has more movie time between action chapters that slow down the play , and reduce the openness of play . You are locked into very specific actions and not many opportunities to be creative .
 There were two main issues I had with this game :1 . Story - Wow , the storyline was pretty boring from start to finish . And when will software developers learn they do n't have to write bad exposition for the characters ? The whole story revolves around three generations of a family that are trying to keep the water of the fountain of youth from a secret society . It could have been interesting if it would have delved deeper into the things it overlooked ... like the actual journey to the fountain rather than just popping around the map between `` scenes '' . Or , it could have delved deeper into shipping . Or a little more into railroads . Or trading . Or alliances . All of these things were part of the story , but they just basically made them useless in pretty much every sense .2 . Game design - some of the stuff from # 1 are also here . There were so many things that made absolutely no sense in this game . - I did n't understand the point of unlocking and decorating buildings in the home city . That was a totally useless feature . - The `` game cards '' feature offered some interesting things , but a lot of times the speed of gameplay was so fast that they were useless . - As I mentioned in # 1 , navy , trading , scouting , railroads , alliances , etc really were superfluous in the game . They offered nothing . - The settlers stand idle around , and you ca n't set them up to return to tasks they left . - There are few commands for soldiers . You ca n't SAVE and return to soldier selections ... a HUGE problem . I basically have to scour the map looking for soldiers ... which really sucks.I really think this game is a bust . You can find better games that came out 3 or 4 years ago that were more solid , and better thought out than this game . I realize a lot of hard work goes into designing games , but this would have been better developed for 8-10 year old kids who do n't mind a terrible story and cheesy dialogue . I played and completed the whole 3-part scenario in 1 day waiting for something to happen and it simply never did .2.4 stars .
 I 've been waiting for Age of Empires 3 for several years . My wife and I are avid fans of AOE2 and we were really looking forward to Age of Empires 3 every since we heard about it a year ago . Unfortunately , Age of Empires 3 is half-baked and appears to have been rushed out the door for the Christmas shopping season . There are many flaws with this game and overal I give it a poor rating . It 's unfortunate that Ensemble did n't listen to their customers or learn from their successess on earlier titles such as Age of Mythology , Rise of Nations and of course Age of Empires 2 . It could have been great if they had spent the necessary time and effort working on it.The major flaws include
 Age of Empires III is a game I had waited eagerly to play for several years . Now it 's finally here ... but not at all what I expected from a Real-Time Strategy in 2005 . It is a solid RTS title ... it is also about four years behind the learning curve.The game is stable on my PC -LRB- no crashes or lock-ups -RRB- . The graphics are quite impressive , granted you have the very best equipment on the market . But the gameplay is stale , and I can best describe the tactical combat portion of the game as like ... `` driving a Winnebago-Camper through twisting snowy mountain roads with a 30ft boat in tow '' . SINGLE PLAYER/MULIPLAYER : This game was meant to be a predominately multiplayer-online RTS , with very small scale military battles , and games lasting around 20-30 mins . Great for the gamers who run , moderate or frequent the games cloistered community fansites , and have honed their economic build sequence for online play ... a.k.a. - `` spread-sheet gamers '' -LRB- see EDIT below -RRB- . But AOE3 offers much less , in terms of actual gameplay , for the slower paced , deeper-thinking strategy gamer , or more importantly , the average gamer in general . In comparison , the previous `` Age '' games -LRB- Age of Mythology included -RRB- satisfied all three types of gamer.Additionally , the single player campaign is no longer based around great battles or campaigns from history . Instead , much like Age of Mythology , you are put in the shoes of an innocent -LRB- and politically correct -RRB- by-stander to the campaigns events , who is pulled along against his or her will , through a sting of fictitious events , which occasionally has the fictional main characters crossing paths , or rubbing up against actual history . But for a `` Historically Themed '' RTS ... there really is very little historical relevance to the single-player campaign.EDIT : `` Spread-sheet '' gaming in RTS 's is not about knowing , it 's about predicting . It is simply a logical subtractive process , by which it is posible to predict your opponents strategic options , provided you have collected the basic conditional variables in the pregame setup . The conditional variables are
 It is indeed tricky to review a game I no longer own . I resold / `` returned '' Age of Empires III to Amazon , so I have no doubt someone is eagerly installing my bought software right now . Whether they enjoy it depends on several things a prospective buyer should know ... A -RRB- The campaign is wretched . So many of the early segments come down to ` busy work ' - send your sorry hero Mr. Black and his army from the south side of your computer screen to the north . I played about 6 half-hearted chapters until ... B -RRB- The game clammed up . I have a recent Windows XP bundled package with Pentium 4 etc , and man does this game bug up . In especial , there seems to be something about boats , naval battles , any time you see boats the game grinds to a digital crawl . My computer started to freeze up and I moved my characters as far away from any boats as possible - then the game usually sped up . Until ... C -RRB- The game refused to save any progress I had made in the 6th ? chapter , where the charmless Mr. Black wanders around an island trying to `` make a name for myself so I can impress Lizzie '' . -LRB- Yes , the campaign is just that eagerly dumb . -RRB- I played this chapter a lot , as I never was able to get my computer/software to remember that I SHOULD be busy trying to destroy the mythic Fountain of Youth with a big cannon because the game kept calling in sick . The whole time I was erm , marauding , I had certain objections for trying to destroy the Fountain of Youth with a big cannon because ... D -RRB- good RTS games have accurate history - it adds drama , fun , and simple connect-the-dots education . The campaign and history in ` Age of Empires III ' is woeful dull rubbish . It seems to be a shallow cross between `` Braveheart '' , `` the De Vinci Code '' and an over-excited programmer 's mind . The hero , a Mr. Black , sounds like Groundskeeper Willie from ` The Simpsons ' . If you can imagine Groundskeeper Willie crying `` we 've got te fray those settlaz '' , then you heard what I heard . Ensemble Studios - the maker of this and ` Age of Mythology ' have a real track record for bad voice-overs , but they have usually created a compelling reactive ` plot ' . This game had neither - and then it just stopped working.Beyond the campaign ... Of course , gamers know that you can have an absolute blast with a great game , and you do n't need any campaign . But the problems continue ... A -RRB- The map sizes are indeed too small . They are no better than `` Age of Mythology '' , and no worse . They sure are small though . And while the concept of an modern train to carry supplies seems ` new ' and cool , why ca n't the enemy build a wall over the tracks to block that train ? And if you place your troops on the tracks , how come they do n't get run over every time the train races past ? Questions , dumb questions ... B -RRB- In the flawed but evocative `` Age of Mythology ' , a fast computer could allow a player to fight 7 or 8 computer opponents , with up to 200 characters/monsters/dragons / trolls/units each . In this game , the computer crashes if you have more than 3 ` players ' in any game . I do not game online - but I can only imagine the mess THEY are encountering.C -RRB- You create a vast army and give them marching orders . As soon as the first shot is fired , the army scatters - refuses to shoot/attack anyone in particular . Sometimes when you create new units in a building under attack , they just stand there and die as the battle unfolds . Beyond frustration ... D -RRB- Another reviewer said that he saved non-campaign games and found that they were always on pause , with no way to get back to game . This happened to me many times . All that hard work - YARGH!In conclusion , although I enjoyed some features -LRB- home city seems possibly a good idea -RRB- , and the graphics are nothing to be snuffed at , I had to return my copy to Amazon because the technical bugs were everywhere , and I did not find the campaign interesting enough to soldier through the computer screw-ups . I waited over a year in anticipation for this , and I am beyond dissapointed . I would instead recommend `` Age of Mythology w / Titans Expansion '' or `` Rise of Nations '' . -LRB- I 'll never be a total fan of ` Rise ' as I ca n't figure out why you 're allowed to build a city , a nuclear silo , but not a basic freakin ' wall . Still , it 's compelling , and it is n't buggy ... -RRB- I suggest that Ensemble Studios broaden horizons , and set a new `` Age of Empires '' in Africa - with a script to match .
 My system meets the nearly invisible system requirements microscopicly printed on the box but it still would not install because it detected an `` unsupported video card . '' Turns out the README file contains a huge list of video cards they already know wo n't work but of course you ca n't see that list until you open the box .
 Very disappointed . I bought this game thinking `` finally a new RTS with the latest and greatest technologies '' . Graphics are nice but the game play was sucky at best . The AI is non existent . the map sizes , even the large are really , really small . The support buildings are few , and pretty much unnecessary for strategy . There are only 3 resources food , coin , and wood . The newest concept `` home city '' , basically a way to support and a method to customize your abilities as a culture or civilization , is very cool . It is the only reason I give it 2 stars , its a new concept . My opinion , go back to playing Empire Earth it is much more fun . I ca n't believe I fell for the hype .
 GOT THIS GAME AND IT WAS GREAT FUN.THEN THEY DID AN UPDATE THIS WEEK AND I WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER OFF BUYING A PAPERWEIGHT.THEY ALWAYS LOCATE THE COMPUTER OPONENT ONLINE AND OFF NEXT TO ALL THE BEST RESOURCES SO YOU HAVE NO WAY TO COMPETE . . THE BUILD UP OF THE COMPUTER OPONENTS ARMIES IS UNREALISTIC AND IF ONE OF THEIR LEVEL 2 GUYS CAN TAKE OUT 6 OF MY LEVEL 3 GUYS WHAT IS THE POINT . . I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS GAME SINCE THEIR LAST UPDATE .
 I still play AOE 1 because the graphics are so simple it doesnt hert your eyes to play it for hours . I didnt like the graphics in AOE 2 , and after reading all these reviews I dont think i will buy AOE 3 . I advise AOE team to make it simple , but fun . -LRB- for example dont use green but light brown in the background
 THIS GAME IS UNFINISHED . THERE HAS BEEN SEVEN PATHCHES SEEN ITS RELEASE IN OCTOBER . MOST POEPLE WOULD ACCEPT THREE STRIKES AND YOU ARE OUT , WITH PATHES . BUT ESO WHO CREATED THIS GAME IS WORKING ON THE EIGHT PATCH . PATCH DEFINTION , SOMETHING NOT CURED OR UNFINISHED . IS LIKE THE LEMON LAW GOES , IF YOU BUY A CAR AND THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH IT , OR UNFINSHED , YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO GET A TRADE OR GET YOUR MONEY BACK . FOR THIS GAME YOU BETTER GET YOUR MONEY BACK . THE TOURNAMENTS FOR THIS GAME ARE RIGGED . ESO MADE THIS GAME FORTHEMSELVES TO ENJOY NOT THE CUSTOMER AND THEY DID IT FOR THE MONEY . WHAT YOU GET FOR YOUR MONEY IS GOOD , NOT EXCELLENT , ANIMATION . IF YOU DO N'T BELIEVE ME THEN GO TO THIER WEBSITE AND LOOK UP FORUMS IS FREE . YOU WILL SEE ALL OF THE COMPLAINS OF THE GAME . OVERPOWER CIVS SINCE ITS RELEASE , NO BALANCE IN THE GAME , AND MUCH MUCH MORE . I GOT TAKEN FOR A FOOL AND A CHUMP FOR BUYING THE GAME AT $ 50 IN OCTOBER . I RECOMMEND THAT YOU GET THE GAME FROM A FRIEND OR PLAY THE FREE DEMO AT WEBSITE TO TEST THE GAME . DO N'T BUY THE GAME OR THE NEW GAME THAT IS COMING OUT IN NOVEMBER 2006 OR OCTOBER 2006 WHICH IS AN UPGRADE , UNLESS YOU LIKE TO BE TAKEN FOR A FOOL OR A CHUMP FOR YOUR MONEY OR YOUR FAMILY 'S MONEY .
 AOE III STINKS LIKE A DEAD PIG !! IT 'S SO BORING AND DULL COMPARED TO AGE OF EMPIRES II THE CONQUERORS !!! GET THAT INSTEAD !!
 AGE OF EMPIRES III SUCKS !!!! Theres just two armies standing in box formation shooting at each other and it looks so dull !! Get Age of Empires II The Conquerors !
 I do not XP , I do not like it Dan I be.Do not like it here or thereI do not like it anywhere .
 I just got a PC and was looking for a good strategy game to go with it . I already got Black And White 2 -LRB- great game -RRB- and was looking for something a bit more historical . I heard Age Of Empires 3 was great , and was in colonial times instead of the overused medievel . Wrong!This game has boring and steriotipecle . First thing gameplay is paper thin were all your do is collect resorces and make similar looking buildings . Also the graphics are a huge disapiontment . Realy my machine can run Half-Life 2 whith ease , while AOE 3 's graphics look to be 16 bit Genisis style . So either the coverart is a lie or it takes a NASA computer to run this thing . Your home city is also an afterthought with only few powerups to use at a time and is the only pretty looking place in the game , while your village looks a piece of crap when compared.Their is even a glitch where if you save a game next time you load it it would be stuck in pause and you ca n't do anything.The game also fails in the main idea , because you never feel like your colanizing the Americas with no historical maps and low influence around your acomplishments.If you play it that long before you throw it in the trash anyway.So reward your computer instead of abusing it by buying Cilization IV instead .
 Hi I was very unhappy when i got my game . I received discs two and three , and got disc one for , drum roll please , Empire Earth . I ca n't even use the games , as i do not have the codes for empire earth and the first disc for AOE 3 . take you chances -LRB- If you must -RRB-
 It may be good to just play one campaign . but no interesting to play more.all campaigns is same from the view of strategy gamer . Home Cities is also bad idea , that is not naturely embeded in game . C&C ; series has no such junk , each featureis coherent with whole game .
 OK , sports fans here 's the low down . We live in a neighorhood of boys running from about 7 to 14 with a few outliers on each side . Unfortunatley , they are all into playing video games . So , when one kid got AOE III , they all had to have it . Here is what transpired from a parent 's point of view . Now mind you , we live in a pretty affluent area . Everybody has at least one pc and there is almost always one pretty up to date , hot machine in each home . One of my son 's friend 's dad is an exec with Intel and gets every new technology there is , much of it for free . Despite this , not a single computer in the neighborhood would play AOE III without buying , at a minimum , a new graphics card . We are running a DELL Dimension 4600 , Pentium P4 2.66 GHz with 512 MB of RAM . The graphics card is a NVidia GeForce FX5200 and we 've got a 75 GB hard drive with tons of space on it . The drivers for the NVidia have all been updated per DELL instructions . We 're up to date on MS Direct X using 9.0 c. Bottom line
 the product key included in the game does not work . although we have tried multiple times , the game will not load .
 If you have AOE II and want some more fun get out of amazon and play AOE II.If you have not played AOE II go to pc games here on amazon and buy it and when it comes in you will have the best pc game I have ever played !!! AOE III you loose just about all control of armies you put them in one area and as soon as enemy unit comes buy they end up all over the place.I have read graphics are better on AOE III than AOE II okay if you say so , maybe I do not notice the upgrade in graphics because I have no control of armies.I think the people who made Aoe III must not know what s stands for in rts game .
 We were never able to use the game , because it is not compatible with most computers . check your computer specification before buy it .
 It 's a shame , really . Such beautiful graphics and interface , put to such phenomenally unimaginative use , and then some truly bad ideas thrown in.Players wholly unfamiliar with Real Time Strategy games , and yet miraculously in possession of a top o ' the line gaming system will probably love the game . Players who came to Jesus on RTS with AOE back-in-the-day , and were rightly blown away by its evolution in AOE2 , will land somewhere between baffled and strangely pissed off by this latestAge of Empires 3 pitches itself as a new generation of gaming and actually produced something closer to the New Coke of gaming . AOE3 was talked up for months preceding its release , with a heavy emphasis on lush graphics and realism . On the graphics end it 's hard to argue , assuming you have a VERY good graphics system - and to be fair such systems are getting cheaper every day.But as far as playing the game ? The whole game feels weird from the get-go and never really becomes the comfort zone of infinite replayability that hallmarked the series to date.The scope of the game is surprisingly limited , to North American pre-designed maps , and there is very little of the game that lends itself to the internal narrative that so characterized the first games . The Home City , a new interface aspect , is interesting , but proves confusing and unweildy in actual practice , and never really adds enough to the game to justify its presence.If this game had come out as a reworking of Sid Meier 's old `` Colonialization '' all the above critiques would be lessened , and the limited scope more applicable . As an AOE chapter , one never loses the sense that it represents a very beautiful step or two forward , and a few unfortunate steps back .
 First off I 'm an RTS/Strategy junky . You can keep your first person shooters and sports games as long as you leave me the RTS 's . Unfortunately this one stinks . It 's a complete step backwards in playability and fun . It does go forward in the graphics department but in the end that does n't make up for a bad game . The thing that gets under my skin is that they shrunk the game . It seems like you are only able to control half the units compared to AOE 3 . It reminds me of Warcraft and how Warcraft 3 just completely messed up that series . I guess I 'll just hold me breath and wait for Supreme Commander ...
 What is the point of having a great game if it only runs on a few systems . I have a great less then a year old Toshiba laptop with a P-4 3.2 ghz , 512 ram , and a 64 meg video card that runs other big programs like Flight Sim 2004 great . But it wo n't run Ages 3 . After 2-5 minutes every time my laptop just shuts off . It had never done that before and I keep it defragged and clean and it wo n't run Ages no matter how much I dummy down the graphics . My video card is not one of the ones listed as being a problem -LRB- but there are too many listed , a lot of people will run into that problem also . -RRB- I have been through several levels of on line and live tech support and have had the laptop sent in to be checked for a hardware problem , but I am very dissapointed . I have had every version and was really lookinig forward to getting into the Americas , but I guess I will go back to Rome or try Civ 4 . From , really dissapointed in Ohio
 I should have learned my lesson after Age of Mythology , the developers of this game have decided that they want style over substance . According to them , they had one guy whose sole job in making the game , was to design the water to look super realistic . My question to them is ... who gives a s@#& about the water and the birds flying overhead and the trees that sway in the background ? This game is fantastically beautiful but none of that matters when your villagers and your soldiers are so stupid that they allow themselves to be constantly massacred unless you micro-micro manage them -LRB- ie . . if your soldier is shooting at a building he will not turn to face attackers that are shooting at them , allowing themselves to be killed -RRB- and the battles are unrealistic brawls that negate any benefit of specific units that are good against only certain other units . There are numerous other problems that make this game pure tripe and should be avoided until the developers learn that the gaming world craves games that challenge our intellect and are more realistic in substance .
 Ok , I 'll start with the graphics . I have high end PC -LRB- AMD 64-bit 3500 + , Radeon X800XT 256mb , S-ATA Western Digital , 2 GB RAM -RRB- and there were no troubles with running the game at highest settings . The game is really beautiful - there are flying birds , crocodiles , the terrain is funny when you zoom on it . But for me this is the only good thing in the game . For example , why the **** you need that animated traveling steam engine ? It does not change anything in the game . Only increases the lag in the game ... You have many nations to choose from , but the final result is the same upgrades , almost the same units . I and one mate of me played the game over the LAN . He was with the Russians , me with the English guys . Practically , the only difference was that the Russians speak in Russian ... I do n't think that having the home town is big advantage . About the maps - I did not find random generated maps , which for me is big issue . I want to play every time on different maps . This gives me much more fun than to play on a map that I already know . And finally , when I wanted to uninstall the game it took me a lot of time just waiting to initialize uninstalling process . The whole process took about 3 minutes ! In general the game lost the feeling of its predecessors . I do n't feel it like AoE II . BTW , the same is with the EA II . For me much better are AoE II and the first EA . So , I 'm going to sell my copy of AoE III and keep playing Empires Dawn of the Modern World .
 First , I would like to point out that I was never able to actually play this game , thereby accounting for my rather poor rating.That being said , PLEASE do yourself a favor if you 're thinking of purchasing this game - download the demo from -LSB- ... -RSB- . --------------------------------------------------------------- Upon purchasing this game and downloading the update , -LRB- 1.01 as of the time of this review -RRB- , I came home to a rather horrific surprise . My computer would n't even install the game DESPITE meeting the minimum system requirements.When I attempted to install the game , I received an error stating that my CPU does not support SSE Technology and thus the installation aborts . Unless I 'm going to pony up money for a new / adaptable Processor , there is no way I can play now . Also , the retailer I purchased this game from does not allow returns on opened software / PC Games . -LRB- Can you blame them ? -RRB- Upon further review , I searched AOE3 's website and , under `` System Requirements , '' still did not see ANYTHING CLEARLY STATING `` SSE '' INSTRUCTION SET REQUIRED.I am out some serious cash-money . I 'm frustrated and will honestly never purchase a game from Ensemble Studios again . Microsoft / Ensemble Studios should address this issue as it appears to be fairly common . Just search Google forAge + of + Empires +3 + SSEand you 'll see . --------------------------------------------------- In conclusion , please be advised and do not make the same mistake I did . Take the time to download the demo FIRST just to see if your CPU will handle the game . * NOTE
 I have been an AOE fan since the early days . AOE II is one of my all time favorite games and I still play it frequently nearly seven years later . I only played Age of Mythology -LRB- AOM -RRB- once and I did n't like the game play . When I got AOE III for Christmas I was very excited to have another great game that would provide years of fun . I came to realize that AOE III was an AOM clone . I tried to play it in hopes that once I go through it more I would enjoy it more . Well that did n't happen , I finished the firt campaign and half of the second before I said this is dumb and put the game away . The economy is hard to manage , the fighting is so-so . The troops are not as easy to command . The home cities are kinda cool but I do n't think they save the game . I was not that impressed with the graphics either , just did n't do it for me . Other RTS that I have played are as follows . I got Dawn of War right after this and have had a lot of fun with that . StarCraft and AOE II are also greatclassics . AOE III is a let down and a waste of money .
 The game I bought for my brother was not compatible with his Windows . Make sure what you get is ready for the machine .
 Why game companies push away from the 2d video game for the 3d feel game is beyond me . Most RTS games are shown from high up where you can zoom way down and control small battles or zoom out and control an army . AoE III took away the zoom out . . You are so in the face of everything you ca n't really see what you are doing . Maybe the 3d assets/textures would be too taxing on the system , but then thats a design flaw . . Anyways , decent game , but I got extremely frustrated with the camera .
 Well to say I was disappointed is quite understating what I felt about for this game . I was expecting Age of Empires 3 not Empire Earth without the bombers . The game has none of the feeling of its predecessors , it has small cramped maps not the sweeping expanses of AoE 1 +2 , the AI is retarded , there is little logic in advancement , the battle tactics non existent , you ca n't even set formations . No surprises at all if you have played Empire Earth . In fact EE -LRB- which is a really poor game in itself -RRB- is much more engrossing than this simplistic , albeit very pretty , direct port of Empire Earth . My kids , whose pocket money was spent on this wasted effort , were even more disappointed than I was.It is not Age of Empires 3 , it has neither the feel , game play nor charm of the Age of Empires games series and I look forward to Microsoft & Ensemble Studios actually bringing out the proper Age of Empires 3 .
 Microsoft should have just spent the time making a nice graphics upgrade to AOE2 . AOE3 graphics are great but the game play is not . First off , the top civilization is Imperial - yuck . Secondly , the introduction of the ` card ' system for building a home city is really boring . In addition , the unit selection is HORRIBLE , the combat units are WAY over powered when it comes to attacking walls . What 's the point of a wall when a handfull of Indians chunking spears can take out a section of the wall in a couple of minutes . Also , where on EARTH is the formation selection ? There are a LOT of simple ` actions ' missing from AOE3 that are -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- fundamentals and are present in all the other games -LRB- AOE2 , EE , RON , etc. -RRB- This game kept my interested for about 2 hours.Overall this game is just more of the same - not worth the $ 50 . Save your $ 50 and keep playing Empire Earth or Rise of Nations .
 Do n't buy this if you use Windows 7 . The packaging says operating system `` Windows XP or higher '' . This is a lie . It does n't work on Windows 7 . Do n't trust this company . They also will not refund your money despite their misleading claims . I 'm very disappointed .
 I have played this game on four different PCs starting a year ago . The game itself is pretty fun but the bugs were never worked out . The latest patch was v 1.12 but it has not fixed the problems I have . My wife and I enjoy playing the game on our LAN with laptops . But 50 % of the time the game will stop during the game . Sometimes we 'll be an hour into the game when it will crash . It is very frustrating . And because the makers have not dealt with this issue after so long I give you the lowest score possible .
 This game is not really that good compared to the previous game.The game play is n't that great and the fighting is kinda lame.I would n't really recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this game when it came out . The graphics are somewhat amazing but not that much difference from other games . I stopped playing the game because after creating a stratigic plan with every civilization it got destroyed twice.You ask how , well , I 'll tell you ... -LRB- eso -RRB- ensemble studios online , the company who created aoe III , decided to come up with a new patch -LRB- a patch is a downloadable program to fix bugs and other problems with the game -RRB- which destroyed all my work.I had created two strategic plans for every civilization but the PATCH alter the civilizations and the maps , and it eventually destroyed my happiness for the game and all my work . I decided to wait until january 2007 to see if the game has been fix yet.Fron time to time I have checked back to the official website of the game to see the dicussion forums to see if the game has change for the better but it has n't . There some what of a dictatorship in that company now because PATCH 8 is worse and to top it off . . they now require you to or/otherwise force you to play the game because your good rating is going down every week for not playing.Talk , about commanding and desperate ways to keep poeple playing.Also , the company said that over 1,000,000 games were sold . But do n't think that when you play in multiplayer that you are going to be playing with over 1,000,000 players . If you are lucky you might have the chance to play with 3,000 players online during certain times of the day . But the average is 1,500 for most of the day . Good luck . lolI remember when Mech Warrior 4 Vengeance came out it had over 8,000 players online in the zone . But for this game 's released date in October 2005 it barely reach the 5,000 mark , After two months it dropped to 3,000 players and now 1,500 players.Well , i hope this info was helpful , bye and good luck .
 I have a 4 GHz machine with 2 Mb of RAM and GeForce4 graphics card . I have no difficulty running lots of games at high resolution . But this game runs so slowly that it is unplayable -- even at the default screen resolution -LRB- 1024x800 -RRB- . That resolution is another problem . I have a 21 '' plasma monitor so anything less than 1600x1200 resolution is blurry . When I tried to use 1600x1200 it was so slow that I thought it had crashed.In addition the screen scrolling is almost impossible to use because it is so jerky and delayed .
 I play AoE2 all the time and i bought it when it first came out 6 years ago ! AOE 3 suxs , this will never live to up the the first game nor should it be named Age of Empires , this a bad ! BUY AOE 2 GOLD !! NOT THIS POSER GAME !
 THESE PRODUCTS ARE ALL LIES ! I ORDERED THE GAME FOR MAC ! IT CAME FOR PC TWICE ! I HATE HOW AMAZON LIES ! AMAZON CAN NOT PROVIDE GOOD SERVICE . ITS A HUGE WASTE OF MONEY !!!!
 When I first heard that there was a new AOE game I immediately wanted to buy it . When I did get it , it was not what I thought it would be . The graphics are awesome and it 's nice to have some fresh units but there are many aspects of the game that I found lacking . One such aspect was the lack of campaign variation . In the older AOE games , there are several campaigns to choose from , each one focusing on a specific civilization such as the French with Joan of Arc or the Mongols with Genghis Khan . In AOE III , there is basically one campaign where you get to control one civilization . There is no choose . The campaign itself is not that difficult . It is split up into three parts but none are very long . Once I got tired of playing the campaign over and over again , I found that the only was to play the other civilizations is to play a skirmish or go online . As someone who spends most of their time playing the campaigns , this was a serious letdown . Another area of the game that failed me was the storyline of the campaign . In the previous games , the storyline was based on historical events . This game focused on a fictional family and fictional events . This is not what I expected , nor what I wanted . Perhaps this is just my computer , but this game also took a ridiculously long tome to save . Summary
 I have wasted a good part of my life playing AOE I and II , and AOM . My PC is a 2GHz AMD/512MB RAM/ATI 9800 Pro video card . I know my computer is n't the fastest out there , but it 's a decent performer - AOM runs perfectly on it . BF2 runs great . AOE III will not run on my computer . It takes 10 minutes just to get into the game , and the game play is broken - runs a couple seconds , pauses , runs , pauses , etc. . I 'm giving this a bad review because the recommended system is less than what I have . It 's back to AOM until I can buy a screamer .
 The game runs slow as molasses . I have twice the processor power than recommended , a 256mb Video card and 750mgs of ram.Can not get the sound to work . System tells me to turn off all the good graphics the game has to offer ! Save your money !
 I got this game for christmas and i was very excited about the RTS gameplay . Just to inform , i have an AMD Athlon XP 1600 + with 512 mb Ram and an Nvidia Geforce 6200 . After installin the game i had it running an almost full settings . When i made a mistake with the sound and accidently pressed `` Reset to Default '' even the graphics were reset . I tried to change them back to the high settings but nothing happened , i was stuck with the `` Squares '' of smoke and all that . I even bought a new motherboard ! Overall , great game but be careful .
 Personally I was heavily bored and disillusioned by Age of Mythology . It had very little replay value for me , especially when human infantry are basically useless against Myth units.Age of Empires III , rather than acting as a sequel to Age of Empires II , acts as a sequel to Age of Mythology . The engine is pretty much exactly the same . Perhaps thinking the ancients too stupid to build big buildings , all the buildings here are maybe 3 or 4 times the size of buildings in Age of Mythology , making the map seem very small and difficult to navigate as you seem to run out of space quickly . Even ships look cartoonish simply by how massive they are in comparison to the puddle-sized river you 've just built them into.About the best improvements made from Age of Mythology is the population ... you can have more than a 50 man army at one time here.There is nothing else revolutionary here ... it 's the same old s-word with regards to real time strategy -- civilians dig gold , hunt animals or farm , cut wood , build houses , build barracks , build church or mosque or temple , build infantry , mass them , attack , upgrade , build another base somewhere else , repeat . The graphics look great , but they are highly unimpressive in battle ... gunfire , cannon shots , explosions , are all unremarkable . The only positive aspect I can say here is that the buildings actually look like they 're taking damage when under fire -- losing roof tiles , chunks of concrete and masonry crumbling off.Everything else is just ordinary . The sort of generic , unremarkable RTS of the next 3D generation , improving where Age of Mythology fumbled -LRB- that is , army battles -RRB- , but breaking no new ground . -LRB- Native Americans -RRB- Indians
 Well it looks like those nice folks from microshaft want you to upgrade from a perfectly fine operating system to XP just to install this P.O.S. ... this is bang out of order . Dont let this be the start of something very sinister ... -LRB- forced upgrades when THEY decide -RRB- ByeBye AOE3 nice try .
 If you like the RTS genre , stay away from this game . Sure the graphics are great , but lets face it , the gameplay stinks . The campains are all `` historical fiction '' that are based around fictional characters . While the campains are ok , I wanted more actual historical campains . Development of your colony is boring , and the battles are small scale . Over all , just not that good . Home cities are nice , but not good enough to get you to like this game . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!
 AGE OF EMPIRES III SUCKS !!! It 's so boring and repetitive !! Buy the previous game instead ; AGE of Empires II and The Conquerors expansion !!
 It sucks . Its been changed around to much most of us dont even have a computer that can run it . I made the mistake of buying it from walmart . Dont get it
 I really liked the first two and hoped that this one would blow them away . It did n't . It really disappointed me and I stopped playing it 1/4 of the way through .
 I can not get it to work on my windows XP or Windows 7 machines . It arrived quickly and in good shape .
 I bought AOE III from my local Future Shop with so much anticipation . When I brought it home , my Compaq could n't load it . I finally figured out that there was an error on the CD . I exchanged it for another copy and guess what ? Another error . I 've since played it on other computers and although I like the interface , it always runs very slowly . Overall , it 's not worth the trouble . I 'd rather waste my time playing something else -LRB- * Kingdom Hearts for PS2 * -RRB-
 Having played all the previous AOE title , I was much waiting this one , however I was greatly disapointed with the game and regret the decision to purchase it greatly ... So bad that I am dumping all 5 copies I purchased on ebay before it becomes widely known how crappy it is .1 st. Newly improved graphics ... wooo hooo , I do not know why gaming companies think this is the end all , perhaps for 3D shooters , but in rts it more about gameplay , and although nice , nothing revolutionary here .2 nd . If you loved AOEII and how you could feel the balance of the units and that this made sense and you could develop a stradegy around your units ? Well kiss that one goodbye , the units attributes barley seem to matter anymore , going by the published properties of units and testing various one attempting to attack a computer oponents settlement , it did not matter what combo you use regardless , it seems very random and the outcome is haphazard and unpredictable . In other words you might as well send all villagers because the actual units no longer make a difference like they used to .3 rd. . Promises of greater pop limits were a lie .4 th . Back to graphics , small maps , unclear markings for the edge of a map and expect many freezes or drops to a black screen while the game continues to run , while you try not to re-boot your pc ... this has occured on 3 seperate modern systems.Add that all up and you have a melon , another crappy release of what once was a great series which has not been perverted by the lets make it pretty and screw the gameplay bug that has bitten the game developers world.for me it 's sell the crap and back to AOE II until someone gets it right again , I will also NEVER trust ensemble again as I did so blindy with their promises and hype on this one .
 I have been playing AOE I and II for years , but I have to say this is a big disappointment . Except for 3D , I do n't see any improvementany all . This is a game that will be forgotten quickly . If you have not bought so far , do n't .
 MAKE SURE you have a monster video card -LRB- 64MB -RRB- that can handle hardware transformation and lighting before you buy this game ! Most people 's computers are n't able to run this game properly because they do n't have the required video card . Game then pauses up and drains your CPU quickly , especially during battles . Useless unless you 're PC is an ultimate gaming machine .
 If you are still determined to purchase this game after reading all the reviews here - do yourself a favor and search the tech forums first . There are a lot of questions and not many answers.Some people think this game requires 64 bit capable processors - others note the long list of unsupported video cards , but many have serious problems . Patch 1.01 was only for the german version , and did n't fix any bugs.This game seemed to work fine on my computer -LRB- AMD64 X2 , 2 gig , unsupported ATI vid card -RRB- , but it made the entire computer run 4x slower . After about a week of gameplay I got the dreaded sound problem -LRB- for no reason -RRB- and finally decided to remove the game . After uninstall failed to re-gain the previous speed of this relativley new computer , I re-formatted and re-installed the entire machine . I have friends that have done the same after noticing the same decrease in performance.As others have stated here - the new `` features '' are not worth risking your comptuer 's health .
 Be warned before you purchase this game as there numerous bugs and technical issues . A huge majority of the playerbase have had technical issues you can read about at the AoE3 official website forums . There is a patch expected , but it has not yet been released . The game is plagued with lock ups , sound issues , mouse freezing , online gaming troubles , and even installation troubles . It was poorly tested and seems to have been released to make the Christmas rush , not because it was finished.I ca n't comment too much on the gameplay itself , as I 've only been able to play about 10 minutes before it locks up . I stroungly recommend waiting for the patches and feedback from players saying it 's working fine before purchasing this game . WAIT UNTIL THEY FIX THE BUGS BEFORE PURCHASING !
 I 've bought a lot of the Age of Empires products and have , for the most part , had a lot of fun with them . This version introduces a few new ideas -LRB- card decks , home cities , etc -RRB- that allow for some good replayability . It would be a good game , except ... * Choppy audio -LRB- ALL of the single-player stuff suffers from this -RRB- * Weird bugs -LRB- occasionally you can create armies of instantly - a nice cheat if it is n't used against you -RRB- * Water based fights are horrible -LRB- I spent time deliberately playing some of the water maps because of the advances made in that area , but they can lag up any machine -RRB- . * Nearly constant server outages
 I love the Age of Empire series , so when I saw Age of Empires III , I bought it . British and French soldiers in the Great Lakes ... cool . Big mistake.I have a desktop machine that 's less than a year old , a Dell Dimension 3000 running at 3GHz with 512MB of RAM , and Intel graphics controller , Sound Blaster Live , etc. blah blah blah . So I assumed that would be plenty of machine . It should be . It 's a good desktop machine , and that should be enough . Well apparently that 's not enough.When you get more than a few soldiers , ships , and enemy soldiers , it grinds to a halt . A click takes 5 or ten seconds to be noticed and responded to , and by then in the heat of battle , you need to click someplace else . When you finally get an army big enough to do anything , the game is unusable.And the graphics really are n't better , they 're just different . Microsoft seems to have lost touch with who plays this game . If I wanted to buy a bunch of hardware just to play a game , I would n't do it with a PC . I 'd get a game device . Maybe that 's what they want . Maybe this was developed for a game system and just ported without considering what most PC users have.I 'm very disappointed in Age of Empires III .
 I 've played this series and all of its expansion packs . Also , I 'm a great fan of the colonial age . Having been only just barely convinced by reading reviews NOT to get the collectors edition , I feel `` lucky . '' It 's a beautiful game but the thing it had always had , game play , just is n't present this time around . I 'm truly sad to say that.The worlds are much smaller and the options for playing far more constraining . The AI is passable but makes the game feel unimaginative ending up with a `` been there , done that feeling . `` Unfortunately , the games single greatest asset is its graphics . Since it 's not a picture , this is n't a good thing . I expect my strategy games to be engrossing with that `` just a little more time or one more turn feel . '' However , AoE3 almost had may saying `` am I done yet ? `` I was on vacation recently so I also picked up Shattered Union and Knights of Honor . Much better value in my opinion for either . Shattered Union is more light weight strategy and Knights of Honor is hard core through and through .
 WARNING
 I 've loved AOE since the first installment and had been looking forward to AOE 3 for years . Unfortunately it turns out to be a huge dissapointment . Everyone else has mentioned the bugs and ridiculous system requirements to get the game working properly but these aside , the gameplay is just truly awful . I AOE 2 , you could build a large , realistic looking and balanced army , in AOE 3 its just a rabble of very similar units that are impossible to organise . The maps are too small , the explorer unit is just plain pointless , resource gathering is not what it used to be and the trading posts are annoying to say the least . The main strength of AOE 2 was that it was open to multiple different types of play , from rushers , to stay at home economy builders , but in AOE 3 you have one set way to play and if you do n't do it you lose.Overall , although not quite as much of a let down as Championship Manager 5 , I 'd strongly advise you steer well clear of this .
 Great game and everything I 've come to expect from a good RTS ... with one problem . Everytime you 're attacked off screen , a trumpet call sounds . It almost sounds like you 're getting a text message . Well this game is basically one big battle , so the trumpet call goes off about once every five or six seconds on average . Now imagine a level that takes you forty minutes to complete . The ENTIRE time you 're playing its playing what sounds like the first four notes of the FFVII victory tune . Bah bah bah bah ... bah bah bah bah ... bah bah bah bah ... `` Sir we need re enforcements on ... bah bah bah bah ... the main gate '' ... bah bah bah bah ... bah bah bah bah ... bah bah bah bah ... `` get those archers on ... bah bah bah bah ... those tower units '' bah bah bah bah . I uninstalled the game after about ten minutes because there 's no way to turn this feature off unless you turn off all sound .
 The First idea you get after staring at those gorgeous graphics , its `` Wow this game Rocks ! '' . But after playing it for the first two hours it seems to shallow . So it does each couple of hours into game play . If you are a hardcore fan of the Age of Empires franchise , you will be disappointed.Lets start with the plot.In simple terms ... It sucks . For a plot , I imagined something involving the American Revolution or even the Civil War . But nah , they decided to make a cheesy about `` the Well of Youth '' where you have to destroy it with burning explosive ships . Unlike Age of Empires II , units kinda change when you advance era , but in the campaign of this game , when they pretend to be early on the discovery of the Americas , they simply swap them around with non-gunpowder using units from varios other nations/factions . They did n't even bother to change the name and/or the dialogue of those units when being clicked or ordered to move/attack . Game Depth.There are n't as many units as there where in Age of Mythology or Even age of Empires II . Boats are still not in the right scale to fit men . Sounds are scarce . Units in cut-scenes look clumpy.It has however borrowed something from Age of Mythology . In that case fits perfectly in the topic , which is choosing a god to worship right before age advancement . Well , it did not go so well in AOE III now that you have to choose your governor . He will bribe you for example with 5 cows and 10 crossbow men . Unlike giving you thunderstorm and walking dead , god power.In conclusion : Other than graphics , this game has nothing revolutionary or even enjoyable.Big RTS fan ? Do n't buy it.Big AOE fan ? Buy , to calm your nerves , calm already ? Do n't Buy it.Casual Gamer ? Buy it if you have a new computer < Alien Ware >
 A dissapointing letdown . Ensemble spent almost a year building up a huge hype , excitment . Finally when the much awaited sequel was released ... it felt like a blow to the knees with a baseball bat -LRB- not to mention wallet -RRB- . Do n't spend $ 50.00 on this mediocre game . Being a fan of the Age of Empires series , and having all three including Age of Mythology this will be my final purchase for the Age series . I wo n't even consider the next series if one does come out . On the positive side , yes the graphics are visually stunning and the concept of ` home cities ' makes for interesting game play . Other than that the game offers little else . As well the graphics are not anywhere as near the quality advertised with their screenshots . I have a 3.5 Ghz Intel , 1Gig of DDRAM , and a costly 256Mg DDR Nvidia Video card all with XP Pro , and the game still plays like a huge dissapointment ... . Adios Ensemble .
 Okay - something 's wrong . I played the trial version several times and the full version and I 'm still not sure what happened . How is it that Age of Empires 2 still seems better than this one ? Okay I 'll throw out a few points here : If you do n't know what this game is about read some of the other reviews , check out Age of Empires 2 -LRB- or any other world-conquering game -RRB- and you 'll get the idea
 I 'm told this is a great game , but unfortunately , I was sent a Macintosh CD instead of the DOS version indicated by this page . Based on other reviews , it seems like this is a regular problem . At least Amazon support says they 'll be issuing a refund !
 The game is probably still awesome but I 'll never know because , I bought this and I received the Macintosh version , not the DOS version.Buyer beware .
 Age of Empires III is a great game with tons of cool feature , however , the game was very , VERY , poorly tested and runs horribly for almost everyone who purchases it . For the past four weeks everyone who has bought the game has been waiting for the patch to be released that will just allow them to play the game they purchased for between 50-70 bucks . The game suffers from a buffet line of techinal problems that make the game either impossible to load , or slow it down to the point maddness.As a result , ES -LRB- the makers of the game -RRB- have been flooded by complaints and demands for release of the patch -LRB- 4 weeks now -RRB- to fix basic game play problems that should have never made it out of testing and that plague about 90 % of the game users . My system requirements more then exceed the listed requirements , yet I still can not play online -LRB- one of the more common problems -RRB- , however , I consider myself lucky , after reading posts on ES 's Technical Support Forum -LRB- far and away the most active forum -RRB- I realized that many people can not even get their game to properly play single player mode with out crashing . MY ADVICE IS TO WAIT UNTIL ES FIXES THE PROBLEMS BEFORE PURCHASING THIS GAME . IT WILL SAVE YOU HOURS OF BRUTAL FRUSTRATION .
 Look at the Age of Empires 3 website forum . Tons of problems . I still ca n't even get it to install ! I guess what should I expect from Microsoft . DO N'T BUY !!!
 Save your money !!!!!! Dont buy this game until the company fixes all the bugs . The game is unplayable . Until they come out with some major patches to fix this game , DONT BUY IT !!!!!
 What i just told you , do NOT buy this game at all . Do n't get me wrong this game is very fun and addicting , HOWEVER . . I have been playing AoE3 for months now and as an age3 fan i loved this game like no other . About a month ago i was on the forums and had some unkind words with another forum member . Keep in mind this is on the forums not the aoe3 online service.After i submitted my post , about an hour later the moderator replies and tells me if i do n't stop posting nasty things on the forums he would suspend my online account as well as my forum account . What is wrong with this ? He says hes going to ban my PLAYING account that i use for online also!Ok , so i acknowledge that and did n't post anything after his warning ... 5 hours later i come back to the same post and find his next post read `` Ok , you have been warned , now your losing your online account . `` What is wrong with THIS ? I did n't say A WORD after his warning and i get my online account banned , and i still havent gotten it back after 2 emails and a month + of waiting for a reply.In conclusion , do not buy this game , the community is horrible full of immature kids who cuss and yell all the time saying many dirty words . Not only that , but the moderators do a horrible job doing what they are supposed to do and even act like gods and ban people for no reason like they did to me.Im glad i got to share my terrible experience with you and hope you really do n't help out this crappy company by giving them your 50 bucks or whatever the price is.On another note , Ensemble Studios does not care about customer satisfaction , all they care about is your money . People always ask for custom scenarios to be playable online but they never reply and give the fans what they want . Also , do n't let the graphics fool you because i thought the same thing , but when i got it it was nothing like the pictures , they only use the most up to date video cards for those graphics.I also would not reccomend buying the AoE3 Expansion
 If you are looking for a simplified game that wo n't require too much thought , here you go ! After playing as many RTS games as I have , they really these days come down to the features , the tech tree , the tactical battles and their complexity without being too overwhelming . The tech tree in this game is pretty weak , although there are some cool features added , but not nearly enough to make up for how over simplified this game is . You get some cool artillery pieces , some big ships , a few bells and whistles . Still , this game is surprisingly underdeveloped.I ca n't believe they call it Age of Empires , even the plot has nothing global about it , all being focused on the New World . Rise of Nations spans I think over a dozen epochs , with distinct units in each , this game does n't even have half that . AOE III really has the feel of a little kid 's game , very bubbly and cartoony , -LRB- something that kind of annoyed me about Empire Earth II also -RRB- so if you are buying it for an 8 year old , go for it . If the kid is over 12 though , I 'd recommend Rise of Nations , which is hands down the best RTS game since Starcraft , even beating out the total war series . If you already have RON , get Empire Earth , which is n't as good , but still beats the crap out of AOE III . Either that , or the Total War series , which are pretty good .
 I could only give this game 1 star as I 've still not been able to play it for more than 10 minutes without it locking up , crashing , losing sound or mouse controls . After owning it for a month , I have yet to finish and scenario or skirmish because it 's simply unplayable as it is right now . If you read the Microsoft AoE3 forums , you can get more information . The game was poorly tested and nearly everyone is having issues . A patch is expected sometime -LRB- no word for ES on when though -RRB- so I would strongly suggest waiting to purchase this game to save yourself frustration and disappointment . It does look promising , as long as they can fix all the bugs .
 I love the Age of Empire series , so when I saw Age of Empires III , I bought it . British and French soldiers in the Great Lakes ... cool . Big mistake.I have a desktop machine that 's less than a year old , a Dell Dimension 3000 running at 3GHz with 512MB of RAM , an Intel graphics controller , Sound Blaster Live , etc. blah blah blah . So I assumed that would be plenty of machine . It should be . It 's a good desktop machine , and that should be enough . Well apparently that 's not enough.When you get more than a few soldiers , ships , and enemy soldiers , it grinds to a halt . A click takes 5 or ten seconds to be noticed and responded to , and by then in the heat of battle , you need to click someplace else . When you finally get an army big enough to do anything , the game is unusable.And the graphics really are n't better , they 're just different . Microsoft seems to have lost touch with who plays this game . If I wanted to buy a bunch of hardware just to play a game , I would n't do it with a PC . I 'd get a game device . Maybe that 's what they want . Maybe this was developed for a game system and just ported without considering what most PC users have.I 'm very disappointed in Age of Empires III .
 This game is still full of bugs and is totally unplayable . Check the forum at -LRB- agecommunity.com -RRB- and see for yourself how many people are having problems with it .
 I 'm not a gamer , so this review is meant for parents or others who might be interested in actual content.The wonderful thing -LRB- to me -RRB- about the previous AoE versions -LRB- and Rise of Nations -RRB- is the depth and wealth of historical information . They brought to life the Battle of Agincourt -LRB- with my boys correcting my French -RRB- , the strategy of Saladin , the bravery of Joan of Arc.AoE III seems to be a strange fictional mix of time periods and mythology made up by AoE . -LRB- For example , knights and ottomans trying to find the Aztec 's fountain of youth , only to be hampered by a female pirate in tight clothing . What ??? -RRB- And now , instead of research and thought , you can watch a computer-generated movie that tells you what the storyline is and what to do . I just do n't see much value in this.By the way , none of our computers had the capability to run this program well -LRB- only one could run it at all -RRB- . We needed some special graphix card and a 32x CDRom drive and other things . Suffice it to say that we ended up with a new computer just to run this program .
 Difficult to rate this because its not the product listed . One of the features of this calender is that it is listed as 9X12 inches . I received mine yesterday - its only 5X7 inches ! Where is the rest of my calender?Its pleasing to see that that there is a smaller version of the MYST calender , but a little truth in advertizing would not hurt !
 Did not like this calender , did not even use it . I stopped buying game based calenders after this one . go with proven ideas !
 Watch out ! This Russian-French produced game has the most unstable copy protection scheme I 've ever seen . The original dual-layer DVD disc has the Tages protection encoded in the disc . The game loads up about once every 30 tries because the copy protection is unable to detect that the original retail DVD is in your drive . You will be frustrated and then angry!The few times it has loaded the game is okay - a little quirky but okay.I bought it because the free download demo worked fine and it was fairly fun - even with the software bugs and crashes.I can not recommend the retail version - the copy protection is a serious and infuriating slap at the gaming public .
 This is a pretty horrible RPG and I 've played most of them over the years to know what to look for and not to look for . While I had played the demo and liked some of the features -LRB- i.e. , side-by-side weapon and armor comparison with what you have on your character versus what you have in inventory , etc -RRB- , the retail version does n't play much better than an Alpha or a cruddy Beta build . Graphically , the game takes on a cell-shading style atmosphere which may look interesting in a screenshot , but does n't translate to smooth game play . The camera has a low ceiling with which you can scroll out too and scrolling in does n't provide detail as much as it obscures detail . The mouse controls are clumsy -LRB- i.e. , when you click the response time is sluggish as if your character has the IQ of a rock -RRB- , your character does n't respond well to way points and tends to charge off even when you 've told him which enemy to attack , the path finding is apparently MIA as instructing your character to walk from one side of the screen to the other requires mini-hop clicks to get him there , and the list goes on . I really did try to play this game for a bit considering what I had spent on it , but in the end , I uninstalled it and was left fairly disappointed . Additionally , I notice some other users had an issue with the copy protection - I can concur that this was an issue before I patched the game , but after the patch was installed it fixed the launching issues for me . Did it fix the gameplay to make it enjoyable ? No , I 'm afraid not.Bottom line - looking for a more enjoyable and less frustrating RPG to play that 's a recent release ? Check out Titan Quest .
 First of all , this game is a fun way to pass some time . I found positive and negative aspects of the game.First , the positive : The graphics
 this was released during the now infamous &#34; starf ** k &#34; -LRB- starforce -RRB- pc breaking rootkit installing copy protection fiasco . Windows wo n't allow it to run . I tried with steam thinking they would 've removed the stupid pc breaking crap first but no , it still wo n't run . A leading female developer did this and I was very anxious to get a look at it . I imagine it 's dismal failure was due to exactly the thing that was meant to protect the revenue stream - idiotic copy protection . Look idiots - you should know by now that criminals will always find a way . Copy protection only hurts the paying customer .
 Where to start . . graphics hideous , sound terrible , game play buggy . Avoid unless u can get it for under a buck !!! I think I spent 3.00 for it and am using it for a coaster !
 Maps are awful , and the minimap is just as bad . The enemies are spaces on a grid -LRB- nearly -RRB- and they gain levels with you !! I hate this , because you do n't get stronger and move on to another area with harder enemies - the same exact enemies just get harder with you . Thus you could run around in circles killing zombies for 8 hours , get to level 30 , and still whenever you go ANYWHERE the enemies match your level ... zzzzz .
 First of all , this game has all kinds of bugs , errors , and compatibility issues , it took me 2 days and a NO-CD hack to even get the game to start ... They used a crappy dual layer dvd copy protection scheme which failed to do anything other than force me to use a crack to even play the game . The trouble shooting and support for this game are also terrible.Initially once the game started I was impressed . However that soon faded as I became frustrated with the poorly designed user interface and character movement/targeting controls.This is NOT a WASD game , if it were this review would be at least a 3 star . Its disappointing because had they used a different mode for controlling the character the game would have been fantastic . Graphically it is impressive at times , mostly early in the game . You can tell that they really stretched for content towards the end.The gear system is ridiculous . There are dozens of worthless statistics that appear on 90 % of the magic items , making them worthless . The ` Bosses ' do n't even drop magic items ... WTF kind of RPG game has bosses with no loot ... But luckily gear is so worthless that you can literally play the entire game as a caster completely naked . And if you want to play melee good luck , the targeting system is horrible.Overall this game had massive potential , but once again the developers failed big time .
 It would have been nice if it said on the box that this was only an online game .
 When I built my computer , I was stupid and wanted it to be obnoxiously illuminated and filled with cathode lights and LED 's and EL wire . I regret all that now , and I also regret this mouse pad . It 's bulky but provides little room , the colors are a stupid novelty that wear off after a day or two , and it absolutely kills teflon feet .
 DarkestHour Get a Clue!He Enough crying April 23 , 2005EQII is not getting bad ratings because people form other games are coming here and bashing it . The reasons why people who played EQII flame the game are numerous . Mostly caused by the imbeciles that took over S.O.E.This game is like dumb blond you at meet at a bar , when your drunk . Wow she looks great/Best graphics I have seen in any game . That is level 1-10 . Getting the feel of her/the game 11-20 . enh she a dead fish . Level 21 , The next morning your talking to her in the light of day and you realize eewwh I better get my self checked out / you realize what the game is all about and there are many things wrong.Lets see1 . To sell stuff you must leave the game running and you must stay in your in game room you ca n't go out to xp . BIT ME SOEWhat are your rooms for any way you , ca n't store gear in them , are they are just doll houses ? 2 . NERF , NERF , NERF ! Every time SOE thinks some one is having fun playing their game not working at , they NERF the fun part ! 3 . The monthly cost to play the game . If you pay just the base price of $ 15 a month you will not be able to get in to many of the zones , you will have the player slots and you will get ridiculed by your peers in the game . The real monthly cost of EQII is $ 27 per/month = $ 15 base price $ 7 all accesses pass $ 3 eqii.com . An $ 4 when SOE opens a new zone . Lets see guild war is going to have no monthly fees .4 . LAG and zoning . In the to main cites in EQII Qeynos and Freeport on the big servers they lag is so bad you can barely move . Have to spend 3 to 5 minutes every time you leave one zone and go to another gets old fast . Get lock out of full zones you group or raid is in made my nuts ! 5 . Getting the wrong reward for a class quest made me say ARRRR ! I.E. the Bard to Troubadour class quest gave a one hand sword that prevents you form duel wielding . Useless for a damage dealer .6 . After level 10 soloing of any kind is pretty much done . You even need a group to craft after level 10 in crafting ! I not much of a solo-er but still there are time when I wish to do a few things alone , but you cant in EQII7 . Not casual friendly at all . I can only play about 30 hours a week and that is not enough to go any where in this game .8 . Greed of S.O.E ! S.O.E. has started selling equipment and characters for real money . Its big slap in the face for their players who invest thousand of hours to build a uber character and farm for gear .9 . The main reason not to play this game is it is just not fun . Wait in a spot for more that a day for a mobs to spawn no not fun . Killing the same mob 1000s of times o get one level not fun . Spending most of you gold buying crafting supply only to have the items brake when you try to make something nah not for me.DarkestHour busting on wow will not prop up EQII . There is lot of content in WOW at 60 , but you need to group . You ca n't solo the high end raid content . But WOW is no for every one . There are lot great mmopgs out there Guild Wars , City of Heros EQlive EQOA SWG . But EQII a ewwwh!The sad thing is the old SOE made some truly outstanding games . The crew that took them over , is all about monthly fees . They do every thing they can to slowed down your in game progress . One of their games now has a quest mob named Skahyir that has an average spawn time of weeks . That is fun the new S.O.E. style .
 Well , I was curious how this game would be with all the hype . I almost bought it , but then decided to buy WOW since I 'm a big fan of Blizzard . Today I found the EQ2 demo online and gave it a try . First , you will need a powerful computer to play this game with . I could not get any decent game play on my Athlon 64 3000 with 2 gigs of ram and a geforce 5500 . To get any decent amount of movement out of the characters required me to dump the quality down to unacceptable levels . So , I decided to move this to my main Machine -LRB- Athlon 64 3400 w/geforce 6800 GT -RRB- and I was able to up the gfx up to acceptable levels . I still was not able to set the gfx to their highest quality . Second , While I constantly hear people raving about the graphics in this game I have to disagree . Most of the characters ... no , all of the characters look like they were dumped out of Poser -LRB- a canned 3d model creation program ... considered a toy by any real 3d artist -RRB- and they all lack any kind of personality . The only place where the graphics look good is in the texturing and the fancy shaders , but this stilldoes n't hide the lousy modeling job . In on of my characters , as he runnes and moves you can see a polygon -LRB- a flat triangle -RRB- poke out of his rear end . This is inexcuseable . Also , I would have to say that these people have never actually seen a drawing/painting of dwarf or an elf . the lack of atristic talend in the 3d modelers shows the greatest here . All the humanoid characters look the same except for height or pointed ears . While you could say that WOW looks more cartoony , it 's obvious that a lot more talent went into the creation of the characters in that game.Next , lets talk about the voice acting . It sucks . End of story.Ok , now for the game play . Go fetch this . Ok , now go fetch that . Ok , now go fetch that other thing . Ok , now go fetch this other thing . Ok , I know this is the basis of most MMORPGs , but there 's not even a story behind the quests in EQ2 . You feel like you 're some kind of delivery person . WOW has a great story and each character is very unique in it 's race and it 's background and this really adds to the game play . EQ2 has nothing of interest.Bottom line
 I am very certainly NOT a Sukoku expert or even a computer Geek . Ordinarily I can solve easy or medium Sudoku puzzles . Once in a great while I can solve a difficult problem and I can NEVER solve anything harder than that.This game comes with TEN levels . I can VERY EASILY solve level 9 and everything below that is a joke . This program is way too easy . If you want any kind of challenge - this is NOT the game for you.And then I tried to see one of their `` hints . '' Guess what it said
 These pads are great - BUT WHO CARES IF THEY R `` PC OR MAC '' compatable - they DO NOT MAKE SOFTWARE FOR THAT !! _ Customer servive said this GAME `` software '' would work - I would have bought these pads but not this software - and as for WWD - World Wide Distributors - they were rude when I called about return - I had to eat my $ $ and by a used Xbox or return the entire product at a loss of at least $ 40 ! I will never order anything that is coming from WWD again .
 This is not what I expected . . The package came some what damaged a waste of money , cant return it bc of orginal package came ruined
 I do n't care how much `` Fun '' and `` Realistic '' is the pitch from the marketing . This game is BAD ! Pretty cars in the select menu , that 's it for the cool graphics ! In game visuals are lame ! The Replay mode is just . . well I have not seen such a low quality since my Dreamcast!And the controls and `` realistic '' driving ? Where ? I 'm a race game junkie , so my skill is pretty decent . I can hardly believe that a race car needs 10 second to get to 30mph and fly out of control on slightest turns . Yes visually it feels you are still at 5mph . I returned the game after first 30 minutes of play.Rally Sport Challenge 2 is 1000 times better ! Collin McRae 's game ... . is just wrong ...
 I 've played a number of SIM games and this one is a great idea ... but I was totally unable to get into it . The user interface was too primative . It 's much worse than the other games in the SIM series , many of which I 've enjoyed.I 've played newer games such as Europa Universalis which many folks claim requires way too much attention to detail and has a too-steep learning curve but I found this game to be worse . I 've heard that there are similarities between this game 's concept and that of SPORE I guess I 'll give that a try .
 Unfortunately , when I ordered this , the product that showed up was blue instead of green and had the wrong emblem on it . Piece of trash . Do not purchase this faceplate if you have any self-respect .
 I own this game but I would never call it a game . It is a great resource for information about Desert Storm but it does not play well .
 2 years ago I decided to buy a game console . I didnt know wich one to choose , so I decided to rent one week a playstation and a week a N64 . The first week , I rent a Playstation , let me tell you that its a very good game console . Graphics are good , Sound is great , but , games ... I dont have much to say about them . I know that there are 500 games coming out each month for PlayStation , but only 1 or luckily 2 of those 500 are good . 2 controller ports are not enaugh . I mean , I once invited 6 friends to my house ... we spend hours for giving everyone the chance to play ! Well , but the second week was much better . I rent a N64 , I played Goldeneye , Mario Kart 64 and lots of other multiplayer games , and belive me thats what I was looking for . Many people say that N64 games are childish , well , for all of them Im 23 years old and I ca ` nt stop playng . BElive me buyng a N64 is the best choice . Another extra thing , sound dosent matter , maybe N64 sound is not as good as PSX one , but , well , I dont care .
 worst graphics so you can barely see what you are playing . not realistic . overheats in like 45 min . takes forever to load -LRB- 33mHz -RRB- Too big of a price for what its really worth . only two controllers . not much memory on the memory cards.Why get a playstation when theres already ps2 out ? GET A DREAMCAST OR WAIT FOR X-BOX !
 I think the Playstation 's graphics are better than any other game system around . I like the way most of it 's games have a story line , which none of the old games back in the early nineties did.The thing I really hate about it is that the games they make for it are sometimes impossible to beat . They make games so hard now-a-days that in order to beat them you have to buy an overpriced strategy guide . Personally , I think they make them like that on purpose because they know you want to win and you 'll have to pay ten bucks for the guide . For example
 The PSX was a very good system of it 's time , but the Graphics look very dated nowadays . I would n't suggest buying now , since it would be only good for a year or so . -LRB- Maybe not even that -RRB- But it sure does have a lot of titles !
 Playstation has okay graphics , the cd has lots of room , etc. . But some games take FOREVER to LOAD ! For the Nintendo 64 , there 's NO WAIT ! Playstation has a lot of games , but there 's only about 2 of them I like . Also , if you accidently scratch the cd , you ca n't play it ! Nintendo 64 is more durable , and takes TIME WITH THEIR GAMES .
 will not purchase from this guy again . not honest with his description of item . buyer 's beware !
 This is a very dissapointing system . Slow loading , Bad graphics , and terrible games . But it has a good controller .
 Playstation is an ok system if you like your games breaking in a couple of days . The system breaks after awile and you have lots of trouble trying to play games . The games arent that good at all . All they wan na do is make as many games as they can . They dont care if the games are bad they just wan na make em . Buy N64 instead . N64 has better graphics , faster speed , Better games and its at the same price as playstation ! Go with N64 you will love it .
 Playstation completely sucks . It ca n't compete with modern game systems at all ! I recommend that you buy a Dreamcast instead , or wait for the new nintendo , x-box , Playstation2 , or even that new system coming out made by Mattel . Trust me , skip Playstation and buy something worth your while and money !
 the playstation WAS good in it 's time , 1995 , but not today . It is too old and outdated , the CD-ROM is too slow , the graphics are extremley poor , it has no popular or famous characters with ground breaking games , like the N64 and Dreamcast do -LRB- Mario and Sonic ... -RRB- . The CD-ROM also tends to crash a lot , the controllers are awkward , -LRB- especially the dual shock one -RRB- and the only reason people buy it is to play Final Fantasy 7 , its only good game , which you can get on the PC by the way , and it 's a lot better . Do n't waste your money on this trash , in case you did n't know it is made by a company who 's known for their TVs , Sony obviously do n't know what they are doing , they let their third party developers do the work . If Square -LRB- Final Fantasy 7 developers -RRB- were going with N64 or Dreamcast , the playstation would be dead by now , and it is falling.Don ' t waste a penny on this .
 Get out of the stone age and buy a Dreamcast .
 PlayStation takes much time to load , graphics
 Playstation has lots of games to play -LRB- that 's good -RRB- But many are just the same -LRB- that 's bad -RRB- . Many playstation games needs lots of time to play ... think , think , find keys , secret hall way , the level was too hard so we spend 3 weeks to finish it ... some people may like that ... But If U want something exciting , fast and easy choose something from Sega 's range . . beleve it or not Sega makes 70 % of archade games and basicaly are archade experts ... over all , a choice between PlayStation and Atari2600 ... No doubt that ATARI2600 is much more FUN .
 Old and Dated is the best way to describe the PSX . While it was a great machine back when it was released in 1995 now it is really showing its age . Now when I try to play a PSX game it 's just plain hard to look at because the graphics are well ... horriable . With the Dreamcast and the GeForce 256 Video Card for PC 's , and Playstation 2 and X-Box on the way . I can not recomend at all you buy this . The only way you can even consider buying one is used for really cheap .
 Sony Playstation stinks ! The sound is bad , and the graphics are worse than a 486 ! Do n't even wait for Playstation 2 , because they just created hype for it , and they said it WILL NOT have backwards compatibility OR an included modem . Do yourself a favor and buy something more worthwhile like a Sega Dreamcast !
 This game did n't work with me when i put the serial number which include at the back of the cover it told me please insert the Battlefield 1942 disk or Quit
 I do not know what or where this game is from or made for but it seems windows was not it 's 1st intended place to be played as I could not get it to work and shelved it after hour of trying .
 Tried this game on my two machines
 I tried this game over a course of several months and really tried hard to enjoy and like it . But unfortunately it is just too boring . Nothing of significance ever happens . You just go from one place to another slashing and hacking but get nowhere . Unfortunately this problem is not unique in PC games . Some games such as the old King 's Quest and Ultima series as well as the newer Baldur ' Gate manage to keep the story interesting but this one does not ! For example , you can do a whole dungeon and all you get it is some very standard treasure . On the occasion you may get a stand alone side quest . To keep the game interesting a story must unfold . Conversations with locals is very limited and you do n't get much by going around and talking to people . On the good side , the interface is great . In fact the game engine by itself is very good and able to create a great game . It is the story which is poorly done .
 I really wanted to love this game . It 's Diablo 3 in a lot of ways , but it crashes CONSTANTLY and I have yet to play it online . The company says it 's because I use a `` router '' . Well , my `` router '' is my DSL modem ... I would expect an online multi-player game to support BEING ONLINE !! Plus , constant freeze-ups , crashes & wierd hang-ups where the game continues , but absolutely ignores my commands , letting the bad guys pummel me to death while I watch helplessly.There are people saying you should make sure your system meets min specs before you complain , well , I 'm running a 1.8 G P4 with 516M ram , and I have an Nvidia 5200 with 256M . So , I definately exceed specs.Quests are seldom rewarding , but more than that , so buggy that about half of them are impossible because you 'll go where your supposed to go and find ... NOTHING.In their forum , the company has used every excuse there is to rationalize this horribly buggy mess.This really is a crying shame . 5 star example of a `` should have been '' . Maybe in 6-12 months , when you pick it up in a close-out bin for $ 5 , the company will have released enough patches to make it playable ... but I would n't count on it
 I ran across this game sort of by accident and I noticed the positive reviews and the low price . Everything seemed fair given the price , but the following is my main reason for buying it.I searched a lot of reviews to make sure it had multi-player LAN . Supposedly , on the LAN mode , you can play an up-to-four-player cooperative game . Which meant I could play with my kids and be on the same team against the computer instead of fighting them . That 's cool.On further research , I saw that , supposedly , you could legally install the game on all your personal computers in your house . That 's also cool . I figure it is an old game , and they are trying to do something like Starcraft , where you can spawn copies for LAN only play.All this is adding up to sounding like a really good deal . So naturally , it should all fall apart , right?Apparently , there are several editions of Sacred . Now I do n't know about following editions , but the first Sacred has to have CD 1 in the drive to play the game . That 's so 1990 . Even Blizzard patched Starcraft to run without the CD -LRB- and you can actually go to Blizzards website and find the patch -RRB- . And that totally cuts out playing more than one copy at a time for LAN play.Ok , so for the price of this game , I could buy a couple of copies and still not spend a lot of money , but I have a couple of Shuttle systems with no CD-ROM . Usually not a problem . I usually just make an . iso and mount the image with virtual cd-rom software.Let me tell you , a person could probably hack into the Pentagon before they could play this game without the * original * CD 1 in the drive!I thought game play was mildly fun . I think Starcraft is funner and not much more expensive ... but Sacred is OK . But when you combine `` OK '' with horrible DRM -LRB- especially when you checked ahead of time to make sure this was n't the case -RRB- , then you get Two Stars.To compare that to Starcraft , I would probably give it 4 stars . It is pretty fun , also not super expensive , and does n't beat you over the head with DRM -LRB- Starcraft II may be a different story -RRB- . And one other thing , as someone else pointed out . There are patches to this game that take it to `` plus . '' They are listed on the game 's website , but they fail when you try to download them . I think they tried to make finding the patches part of the quest!In fact , I think I have spent more time questing for solutions on google for Sacred than I have spent playing the game . That right there should tell you something .
 Would n't play on three systems . Tried it with Patch and without . Tried all variations and combinations of settings . Uninstalled game . Too bad . Looked like it would be interesting .
 I tried hard to like this , I really did . The demo was fun , but the game itself has a few faults that make it really hard to like . It 's buggy and unbalanced , playing more like a Beta than a finished product . Two examples
 If you liked Diablo or Dungeon Siege , you ought to like this game BUT ... On my Windows 2000 system even with the latest patch and updated drivers -LRB- and on all other versions of Windows according to other reviewers -RRB- it bombs out the system after 5-20 minutes of play -- first slowing down to a crawl and often ending with a Blue Screen of Death.There are a few uncompleteable side quests , repetitive go-fetch main quests , and a final act and endgame that are over in three minutes with no challenge . Generally good playability -- mostly hack and slash so the different character type abilities make little difference . And that leads to limited replayability interest.Riding horses is potentially a good idea but fighting on horseback is limited and you ca n't outrun swarming enemies even when riding.But it 's better than nothing while waiting -LRB- perhaps forever -RRB- for a new Diablo follow on .
 So , I recently aquired this game through this very site expecting it to be a fantastic game . It is as far as I can tell . However the game is so buggy right now that it has ruined everything about the game.I feel like I paid money to test a BETA version . . which makes me fairly unhappy . I hate bugs and the bugs in this game are driving me nuts . Even after the update to 1.6 bugs are still aplenty . One bug that is really bothering me is the inability to alt-tab out , or when someone messages me . The game just dies .
 This game would have been good if it came out four years ago , but now it just looks dated . Also , the game is plagued with bugs . I recommend holding out for the price to drop significantly and the bugs to get fixed before picking up this dud .
 I must agree with other reviews that it is a beautiful game , meaning graphics , character creation etc. . but ... I hate the music system . It keeps on repeating and repeating . Does n't it get boring ? The quest are buggy , why you could try run off to a castle to try and kill a bad guy , and never find the bad guy in the castle!Further more , too monsters . While I was on the way to Port Vallum -LRB- or something like that -RRB- , I was attacked by uncountable monsters . Not in large mobs , just maybe 4-7 . But the thing is , with a horse to ride on , you just get tired of getting off the horse to fight them all . Alright it is ok to fight on horse , but not when the game ignores your clicking half of the time , letting you character get wacked . And they are not situated together -LRB- the mobs -RRB- . Imagine riding for only a few seconds after finshing a mob to meet yet another identical mob comming over to wack you again ... Game play is repetitve -LRB- perhaps because I was playing the Seraphim character -RRB- . I just could n't stand the boring game play by the time I first got to Port Vallum , I just uninstalled it.It 's just not Diablo 2 . It 's even worse than Arcanum.I guess it might appeal to those who want endless smashing of globin heads , but not to me as I really want a good storyline with interesting gameplay . The storyline was quite predictable and boring too.The game gets choppy when you enter towns . Although the demo itself was worth stars , the game is only 2 stars . Forget it RPG lovers , you will get bored before finishing the 2nd main quest.This is for mindless smashing of monster lovers .
 A good idea , but the game has WAY TOO MANY PROBLEMS . I could not get it to run on my top of the line machine and tech support was of no help . Check out the Sacred web forums for the thousands of persons who bought the game , but can not play it.I really disapointment for my whole family . It is really unfair that they get away with selling something that does not work for soo many purchasers , and then we are stuck with it .
 I got this game a few months ago and I have only been able to keep it running for a few hours of gameplay . And the company 's technical support does n't know anything at all about their product . I let them know what is wrong , give them crash logs , everything ... and they still ca n't figure it out . It got to the point where I gave the game to my friend and I just play it at his house all the time now . Do n't get unless you know EXACTLY that it is going to work .
 I 've had this game for an hour , and it has crashed 5 times . The first three times took my PC down completely . The PC itself is a nice AMD 2500 + with a Radeon 9800 PRO , 1GB dual-channel RAM , and it runs today 's high-end games like FarCry and UT2004 without a hitch . Obviously the fault lies in Encore Software 's shoddy coding.After I lowered the game 's video settings to their lowest level , I was unfortunately able to play the game . The gameplay is straight out of 1997 , with an inventory and fight system that is clunky and hard to use . The graphics were very poor even for compatibility mode , and the voice acting was dull.Sacred is marketed as being ` like Diablo ' . This is an incomplete statement . The game is ` like Diablo , ' only if one removed all of the fun , enjoyment , and excitement from the game.Actually , that 's unfair . I suppose there is a certain amount of excitement in waiting to see if your computer will crash ` this time ' . The developer 's website does n't seem to have patches linked , but I was able to find the 1.66 patch via Google search . This patch fixed some multiplayer issues , but did nothing to improve the stability of the game.I 'm very tired of having to pay to beta-test poor software . I took this game back within 2 hours of buying it , and will steer clear of all other Encore products -- though if they last long enough to produce anything else I will be suprised .
 This game had the potential to over take the king of action rpgs , Diablo , but it fell flat on its face.The graphics , characters -LRB- especially Seraphim and Vampiress -RRB- , and game world are all terrific and a joy to play and behold ... when the game doesnt lock you up or crash.Sacred was obviously rushed out the door before it was ready and it really shows . There are so many bugs , crashes , and game breaking glitches that it borders on ridiculous.If you buy this game make sure you download patch 1.6 . And the next patch , 1.7 , is due out in TWO MONTHS . The developers stated that the next patch will be out in June . Now if that doesnt tell you that the game needs a lot of fixing then i dont know what will ...
 This game has a lot of potential , but should n't have been released yet . Be especially cautious if your computer is near the `` minimum specifications '' . My computer is at the low end , and I ca n't even play half the time . I freeze -LRB- requiring CTRL-ALT-DEL -RRB- 3 or 4 times before I can actually log on . When I finally get logged on , the game will kick me off the server with no warning at random -LRB- every 3rd or 4th game -RRB- . There are countless bugs , mis-spellings , and problems . I foresee an endless series of patches for online play . If you can stand the hassle ... go for it . But do n't say I did n't warn you !
 I was excited to get my copy of Sacred and that 's pretty much where the fun ended . I installed it , but kept getting disk verification errors when I tried to play . I read the `` readme '' file and found that the game may not work properly with Windows 98 or Me . So I went and bought Windows XP . I reinstalled Sacred , and I am still having the same trouble . I can now see the opening sequence , but then the game just turns itself off . I read in previous reviews that there were bugs , I just never imagined it would be this bad ! I 'll be returning my copy and buying Beyond Divinity instead !
 I have NEVER had so many problems with a game as I have with this one . Mind you , not every game that comes out is perfect , but at least they could have made the darn thing able to START without having to hack the file and UNCLICK all of the `` supposedly '' great features !! I 'm glad that I bought it used for a cheap price !
 First , I gave this game a single star for one reason . I could n't play it . It might be a great game and bought it based on recommendations made here . However , when I got it home and loaded it on my laptop -LRB- 866 PIII-M , 1 GB mem , 16 Mb Video -RRB- , it actually hung my XP system - impressive ! I set all display and sound options to the minumum , downloaded the patchs , got the latest DirectX runtime -LRB- 9.0 b -RRB- and still it would not load . If you look in the readme file the company mentions that the game may not run on all laptop tops due to their inability to test every integrated video chip configuration and I guess mine was one :-LRB- . So , if you 're thinking of installing this game on a laptop please be aware that there may be problems . I 'm not saying it wo n't run -LRB- I had the minimum recommended system requirements but not the recommended requirements -RRB- but be prepared to be frustrated and ensure you can return the game if it you have too .
 I could not use because the CD is damaged , therefore I can not say as the product is not in question
 I chose this rating because I was very disappointed by my package I ordered mortal mom at deadly alliance for game cube condition good used I received a ps2 disk that was completely scratched I was very unhappy with this purchase
 DEFINITELY not as good as Soul Calibur . Graphics do n't compare , gameplay is n't as smooth , controls are n't very easy to use . You have to use the DIGITAL PAD ! My moves ca n't flow because of that.I only played for about 20 mins , was n't impressed at all . I 'm glad I bought it for $ 20 , because that 's all it 's worth.If you want a game that will last long and provide you with weeks worth of entertainment buy Soul Calibur II . Extremely awesome graphics , no blood , great adventure mode , excellent game , 5 stars .
 Oh God , how I hate this game!What 's most important in this game
 Ever since 1993 , -LRB- 10 years now -RRB- Midways been spitting these games out . Theyre decent fighting games , plagued with mindless , unneeded blood and gore . While there are many gory games out there , at least their gore makes some kind of sence . As for this game , it makes no sence at all . When you punch your friend in the arm blood does not go squirting in all directions does it ? A mediocre fighting title that tries to be orignal by adding blood and gore .
 Ever since 1993 , -LRB- 10 years now -RRB- Midways been spitting these games out . Theyre decent fighting games , plagued with mindless , unneeded blood and gore . While there are many gory games out there , at least their gore makes some kind of sence . As for this game , it makes no sence at all . When you punch your friend in the arm blood does not go squirting in all directions does it ? A mediocre fighting title that tries to be orignal by adding blood and gore .
 This is a awful game . If you want a colorful and I dont mean bloody game , then get Super Mario Sunshine which is great for children under 8 years of age and any adult or teenager who inst afraid to admit they still , in fact , enjoy Barney and Disney Movies . The only reason I give this 2 stars is because I heard you can turn the blood off which makes it still violent but makes it bearable for people over 30 .
 This game I got used and was hard to play . I did n't have the directions to it , so it was hard to figure out . I got annoyed when I could n't make any tturns in the game .
 Mary-Kate and Ashley 's game is only half of what it said it is . There is no Rock climbing , surfing or fasion . All you do is simple missions with cars pulling out in front of you and giving you tickets . This is not one of the best M-K & A games they put out . The other MK&A games are alot better .
 This is the worst mary-kate and ashley game ever!The only easy things on it , is Earth Day Atv mini game , and triva mini game!Its stupid how when your driving , you only make like 2 turns and the police says `` a ticket for bad driving '' , theres no way possible to get past a C on it ! i got an A on Earth day , cause it was easy ! And do n't get your hopes up , about the rock climbing , cause it is n't any rock climbing.I have girls night out too ! and thats even Lameo ! your done with the game in like 6 hours straight , or like in 3 days.I give this product 2 stars , one for the trivia , and one for the Earth Day game .
 Got it for a 6 & 8 yr old & even my husband & I are unable to `` beat '' the computer players . It has no option to not let the computer play . It is very frustrating & we are ready to pitch it .
 Mary-Kate and Ashley 's game is only half of what it said it is . There is no Rock climbing , surfing or fasion . All you do is simple missions with cars pulling out in front of you and giving you tickets . This is not one of the best M-K & A games they put out . The other MK&A games are alot better .
 My friend had this game and I tryed playing it and it was really stupid !
 Not enough save points and mana eggs , the grandia world in this game is small , and the story -LSB- is bad -RSB- . Spent to much time leveling up and gathering gold to buy gear and weapons .
 Within the first few words spoken by the voice actors you 'll want to take this horrible game and get your money back or strangle whoever told you it was worth buying.Harsh I know but the voice-overs sound like a high school gym class put them together , when you walk around chests jump up , bottles clank , and doors swing open by themselves . After 5 minutes of the same horrible -LSB- ... -RSB- sound effects you hear over and over and over you 'll wish you were deaf their so annoying . On top of all of that the movement is choppy , when you walk around it looks as if your rollerskating because the ground slides underneath your feet.Ok that can be annoying . . the storyline must be good right ? WRONG ! I mean give me a break ! I know skitsofrenics who can hold a thought process or a story going that makes since longer then any of the characters in this game do.Trust me this game is the worst game I 've ever played . I 'm an avid gamer . The best I can compare it to is to think of the worst acted 1980 's film you can think of ...
 The first Grandia had none at all . The seccond Had some . then we have Grandia Xtreme . In like the first couple of sentences there was a large number of them . The game is also a dungeon crawl , the enemies are not a challenge to beat , including the final boss , and the graphics are kind of cheesy . I hate the new battle system . Myam looks like her hair is made up of red banannas . I could go on forever about this horrible game .
 In this day and age there is no excuse for such a pathetic attempt at an rpg . The storyline is horrible , with the worst dialogue ever . This game is little better than a dungeon crawl . The game drops you in the middle of a tedious story line with all your characters already there . There is little attempt to give them any sort of individuality and the main character is so irritating that you prefer the main villain . I regret spending 40 + hours on this game . I kept thinking that it would improve , but it does n't . The only redeeming aspect of this game is that it has the best fighting dynamics out there . But if that 's the case , I would recommend playing some of the other Grandia games . I give it two stars just because of the fighting engine , but it 's still not worth playing .
 Grandia Xtreme is the black sheep of the series . It shares a battle system with the other Grandia games , but little else . It 's primarily a dungeon crawler . You spend most of your time slogging up and down a few relatively boring dungeons and have very little world exploration or character interaction compared to the first 2 games.It 's story and characters are so uninteresting , that I ca n't remember a single character or location name . Whereas I can still remember most of the characters and places in the first Grandia game , even though I have n't played it since the year after it was released -LRB- years before I played Grandia Xtreme -RRB- . If you want a mindless , fairly easy dungeon crawler , or you just want another game with the Grandia battle system , then this is your game . But most likely , you 're better off looking elsewhere . Had it been the first Grandia game made instead of the 3rd , it might have gotten better ratings .
 Well , I was really looking forward to this game since I have both Grandia and Grandia II , but I was sorely disappointed . I play RPGs for the story and Grandia Xtreme is really lacking . It starts off promising , but then does n't go anywhere . Without a good story , all of the other flaws in the game really stand out . The only enjoyable aspect was combining mana eggs and even that got tedious since you had to go through the same dungeons over and over again in order to get them . I also could n't stand the fact that the 0 button did what the X button does in every other game -LRB- and you could n't change the configuration -RRB- ! Still this could have been overlooked if there had been any character development . There were a few changes to the basic system from Grandia II and I did n't like any of them . The menu was more confusing , you could only equip mana eggs and skills in town , and you could n't carry much of anything in your inventory . So , you spent a great deal of time going back to the same village over and over and over again ! It felt like a pathetic way to try and make the game more time consuming.Overall , I would not recommend this game .
 This is the worst sequel ever made for the best RPG ever made ! `` WHY !? `` Because of this :1 - You have all the characters at once .2 - Poor production .3 - The graphics are no better than Grandia II .4 - Your friends enter inside your body -LRB- just like in Final Fantasy 7 -RRB- 4 - Horrible introduction ! 5 - Camera-view is looking foward on the dungeons instead of Helicopter-view .6 - Bad voice acting -LRB- worst than Grandia I -RRB- .7 - Poor storyline.Another thing
 This game is lame . I ca n't get past the second level . It 's too hard and I ca n't figure out what to do !! It 's nothing like the online game of Turbo Turtle , so do n't be fooled like I was !
 I am the biggest tennis fan in the world and maybe thats why im so dissappointed . bad graphics.nothing special , its just not fun , and neither is ATP DAVIS CUP . i bought both and im very upset at both . Dont buy unless its 10 dollars
 Make sure you see this in person before you spend the bucks to buy it ... much more juvenile than even the description leads you to believe . A very `` simple '' game that is more chaos than anything.Basically , you run around one screen wacking all of your opponents while listening to Yosemite Sam bark orders in the background . Your goal is not to lose your `` star power '' by getting wacked by others . You gain `` star power '' by being the first to run to the location spouted by the director.The main reason I bought this game was because it sounded like it might be a good multiplayer game -LRB- why are most good games single player ?? -RRB- ; even this falls short there . It is only fun running around the same room for about 10 minutes before you get bored .
 This game is simply spectacular in the way of graphics . Never have I seen something so close to an interactive cartoon . It is a pleasure to watch the game . Unfortunately , playing it isn &#65533; t so great . It is a typical run-around-and-smack-people-over-the-head-with-various-objects-type game . It is too repetitive and predictable for the older audience , and a bit to complex for the younger kids . I would recommend not purchasing this game unless you have rented it and really like it . It might be worth having around the house if you can get it used at a good price , though .
 Here 's another Loon-license game . Nice graphics , no overview in multiplayer mode , boring single player mode and difficult character control . I do n't know what made me buy that game . If you 're a loons fan you may buy it , but do n't come banging on my door for your fourty bucks .
 I think the people that wrote this program are the same ones that wrote the first atari paddleball . They fell asleep under a tree for 25 years , woke up and got right back to work .
 this game -LSB- stinks -RSB- there are stupid weapons and the game is just the most boring game I played in my life .
 i thought this would be a little like cel damage , but no it was like the worst game ever made on the worst video game system ever made , it was a nightmare . this game is so stupid , there is no real plot to the game . all you do is hit the other loons and listen to the annoying director and he tells you what to do.personally it is bad and i hope nobody makes the mistake of buying this like i did .
 for all of the great features included with deadly alliance , there are quite a few flaws that drag the game down to a truly sub-par level indeed.the first of which would be the frustrating controls . neither analog sticks are allowed and you are confined to the use of the digital directional pad only . i 've never been a large fan of the traditional digital directional pads on any console and the omission of analog stick support in ` deadly alliance ' does no more than irritate me.the second flaw would be in kombat model itself . on paper , kombat mode shows great promise ... an adventure mode where you complete tasks on a quest , earning koins all the while to unlock extra features in the kyrpt . in theory , it sounds like one of the most inventive additions to the genre but the execution is as dissapointing as opening a gift from your distant aunt ... that is , if the gift is 110 % linear and repetitive . not to mention featuring horribly cheesy ` stories ' before the ` battles ' fit for a d - film.on the positive side
 This is thee worst fighting game i have ever played if not thee wortst game i 've ever played period , and i have played quite a few bad games . the thing that makes this game so bad is that it could have been really good . it has good graphics lots of moves and combos and violent finishing moves . What makes it so horrible in my opinion is the how cheap all the fights get once you are more than a few matches into the game . They start off fairly simple but even on the easiest setting the fights get really hard , i 'm not saying a challenge is bad but this is rediculous . the fighters in this game will do nothing but block everything you throw at them and then do the cheapest things in retaliation and you just ca n't seem to block them . and even if you do make it to the bosses just wait until you have to fight mulloch . in conclusion i would just like to say this game is so infuriating that i just threw my copy out the window and i feel no regrets about it aside from the waste of money.P.S . get Dead or Alive 3 if you want a good fight game on the x-box it is actually fun and fair .
 Now , when I saw the game the first time it looked great . The graphics look extremely smooth and the -LRB- excessive -RRB- blood effects add a very arcade style feeling to the game.But when I actually played it it was horrible ! I feel like there is a 0.1 second lag whenever I push a button . There is absolutely no feeling of actual control over the fighters , like there is in DOA3 . The different styles are a nice idea , but in my opinion totaly useless . Why did n't they make a new fighter for each style then?Even in Shenmue II , which is not even mainly about fighting , the fighting feels more controlable.This game is for people who enjoy to see extreme blood effects or need `` Fatality Moves '' to finish a fight.Everybody else should stick with DOA3 , wait for Soulcaliber2 , or maybe even buy ShenmueII . -LRB- Although this would be wierd -RRB-
 P.A.T.H.E.T.I.C !! I ca n't belive this is an Mortal Combat Game . What a discrace.I advise you loyal xbox fans to keep a distance from this game.If you want a Fighting game Dead or Alive games are the safe ones .
 Visually Mortal Kombat
 Nice graphics and action packed ! Too bad they messed it up with a stupid combo system ... In order to unlock all characters , you have to complete ` Konquest ' mode - this means you will have to do combo 's etc. . But some of the 3-style combo attacks are nearly impossible to pull off . I 've been playing beat 'em ups from day one and I found myself struggling with Raiden 's combo for half an hour !! Honestly , I felt like performing a fatality on the disc.The gameplay is also very tedious . If - for once - you opponent DOES N'T block your attacks , you would be stupid not to use your best combo . So you find yourself performing the same tricks over and over again . The game also gets ridiculously hard after a number of consecutive wins , even on medium mode .
 This game has been in development for quite a while , and in some parts it shows and in other parts it looks like the game was put together in a week . Based on today 's standards there was n't really a lot that drew me in . The graphics are nothing the ps2 could n't muster , and the music pales to the 16-bit iterations . The player models look really funny . Backgrounds are really still and boring , and no walls are used . A lot of the background themes do not relate at all to the series . Did n't mortal kombat 3 have crumbling stages ? The sound effects are not mixed well enough together , but are passable . Player chatter is extremely weak , compared to other titles in similar genres . Speaking of fighters , if you ever play games like virtua fighter 4 , tekken 3 , and soul calibur this just does n't live up to that , so that may be in your head . also , the animation is not a pretty sight to behold . The special moves are horrible , again the 16-bit versions upstage DA in this category . And where are the stables like sheng tsung 's morph , scorpion 's teleport , and others ?? Also , the controls are not responsive to what you press until over a half-second . Gameplay is not balanced at all , the weapons are too strong . Performing moves overall seems sporatic . I also will say the story -LSB- stinks -RSB- , endings -LSB- stinks -RSB- , and game modes -LSB- sucks -RSB- . Konquest sounds cool , but all it is is just a repetitive training level ... zzz . . zz . And it floors me that midway omitted stage fatalities , something in mortal kombat ONE , and then decided to go with 1 fatality per person . They were wasting time trying to mimic other fighters mode 's instead , instead the could of had hundred 's of fatalities on the xbox 's hardrive . Overall Mortal Kombat deadly allience is n't worth the money , anything noteworthy it does another fighter on the market does much better .
 I was a child of Mortal Kombat . I used to go to the arcade and spend 20 dollars at a time on Mortal Kombat then when part II came out we all went crazy figuring out the new system and the new fatalities . I thought that years later the same thing was going to happen to this older , wiser gamer with DEADLY ALLIANCE . But since them I 've been exposed to the Tekken , Soul Calibur , Virtua Fighter , and DOA series . Mortal Kombat had a lot to live up to ... . and it did n't . It seems like the guys at Midway know what people like but do n't know why they like it . The graphics are the best yet in a fighting game , the sound is average , the menus and art are great but the gameplay is choppy , contrived and feels like I have no real say in what I 'm doing - just dialing in the combos that work and blocking the other guy doing the same thing . It has no flow , no individuality no fun . It feels like these guys do n't really play a lot of fighting games and were just putting stuff in there that on the surface looks like what good fighting games have.Treat this game as a novelty . Rent it , do all the characters combos and fatalities then return it because it gets old so very quickly . You only get 2 styles , one weapon , one fatality per character , two hidden characters and no stage fatalities . This is not for a serious fighting game fan , but its fun to play as a distraction for the length of a rental .
 this game is so horrible . the graphics are bad , the fighters are boring , and i think this game does n't have fatalities !
 This game is pretty bad , I used to be an MK fan until they released this garbage . Technically it 's decent but it has no personality and the combo/fighting system is awkward . I actually rather play MK4 instead of this because at least that game had the spirit of the earlier games .3 D fighters have left this series in the dust , I much rather play Dead or Alive ... any of them .
 This game is awful ! Why , do you ask ? - It 's really dark , making it hard to play-The controls are bad , you need to press a button just to change the dirrection you are facing ! - It 's boring ! You fly around , shoot what tries to shoot you , and wonder where to go.-Pluss the whole idea of `` butt ugly martans '' is ...
 While styled nicely to match the PlayStation PS-2 game unit , the Intec system is a POOR performer . Cheap , plastic `` dimestore '' construction of speakers and components are first on the list , while tinny and somewhat LIMITED volume and audio are next . Only 3 controls on the front -LRB- volume , bass , and surround on/off -RRB- leave VERY little control over the audio.The subwoofer `` breaks up '' at anything above half-volume , and has NO real bass effect . The surround sound is more like an enhanced `` spacial effect '' rather than true surround . Speaker cords are WAY short of adequate to allow any true surround placement.Treble and high-end audio is uncontrolled and unpleasant -LRB- `` shrill '' -RRB- to listen to over a long period of gameplay.This item LOOKS like it costs about $ 25 to make ... Avoid it !! -LRB- unless you have no care about GOOD audio for your gaming ... -RRB-
 It looks cool . And it works good.It will shake your room to bits.It works good on racing games
 Honestly , you should n't waste your money . I was hoping to get a computerized coloring book for my girls -LRB- less mess that way -RRB- , and have a fun way for them to play on the computer like Mommy and Daddy . However , this seriously fails to capture their attention for even a second , and honestly , it 's not very interesting at all . The pictures are very poorly drawn , and look a lot like someone used Microsoft Paint to sketch out a rough drawing of something ... it 's all pixelated -LRB- all the lines look like little blocks -RRB- . None of the animals or people have faces ! At least not until you pick a color for them , and then the whole thing -LRB- a lion for instance -RRB- is colored in one color ... eyes , mane , fur , tail , everything ... all the same flat color . And there is no texture to anything . There 's no way to animate your pictures unless you choose this random paint tool which sprays everything in some weird assortment of patterns and colors . And the selection of colors is very limited . Oh , this is terrible . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 Driv3r gets 2 stars , simply because it 's beautiful to look at , the cops will chase you for breaking the law and the cars sound so sweeeeeet!Unfortunately , that 's about all that is good.The driving aspect is n't so bad either , but it 's not as great as it looks on the comercials . The cars handle well , and take more realistic damage , but that ca n't make up for atrocious game-play with a captial ATROCIOUS !! It was so bad that I only played it for an hour , even though it was a $ 6 rental . Quickly , here 's a rundown of the biggest problems ... that I saw -LRB- remember , I only played through about 4 missions -RRB- :1 . In-car camera view was either 1st person , or behind the car but not high enough to really see over it . I kept wishing I were somehow taller so I could see over the top of the flashing sirens . Grand Theft Auto this is n't .2 . Tanner , your main character , moves ackwardly and shoots even worse . Even with auto aim I felt like my reflexes were slooooow . Max Payne this is n't .3 . Way too linear . You have little to no real decision making ability . It 's a `` one way in '' and `` one way out '' kind of game . Splinter Cell this is n't either .4 . Finally , the `` Take a Drive '' function for the non-linear gurus is BORING . There 's nothing to do that 's the least bit creative . Again , Grand Theft Auto this is n't . Bottom Line
 When I first tried this game , I really liked it . I bought it , and for about a week , i still liked it . But then , as the missions got more pointless and boring , I lost some interest . So , for a week or so , I jsut drove around and this got extremely boring , seeing as there is nothing exciting to do . Now , DRIV3R is at the bottom of my pile of games and I haven ; t playied it in a month or so.This game has many things wrong with it , that maybe they will fix in a DRIV4R . First of all , it only has three levels and they are not very exciting . Secondly , the graphics are mediocre at best , except on the cars . Thrirdly , the cars that are available to you are not very good or fast . Actually , you do n't know how fast you 're going , theres no speedometer . Lastly , you really need to put infinite ammo , immunity , and invincibility cheats on to enjoy this game , otherwise , it is very easy to die or get arrested.All in all , I do not recommend this game to anyone . If you really want to try it , go and rent it , but you probably wo n't like it .
 What the hell happend to this game ? I have been looking forward to this game for quite some time now , and I 'm highly disappointed in it , now that I have it . I thought this would be good to tid me over till GTA
 i should of listened . i would give the free ride a 2 out of 5 and the story mode a 31/2 . its not as good as i expected . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! especially if your a kid who rarely gets money and rarely buys games . save your money and reserve a copy of grand theft auto san andreas . Never before have i ever been more anxious about a game more than grand theft auto and it has always been as good as i expected . read more about my review on grand theft auto san andreas titled i cant wait by jacob from somewhere .
 After Playing the for the first two of the series , I did n't feel like the game had improved at all , it felt like I was playing the old games again and those were on PS1 , granted the graphics are a little better but the physics are annoying , I know it is a lot harder to role a lamborghini than this game leads you to belive and to top it off the cops are faster than the ferrari and the lamborghini .
 I have been waiting for years for this game , because of the countless hours of intense fun Driver 2 's Multiplayer `` Capture the Flag '' provided me and my friends . Everyone I have ever talked to about Driver 2 agrees
 For 1 thing , Tanner runs like a retard who has forgotten to wipe its arse .2 nd of all , the graphics are of sub-par PSone game qualityAVOID WITH ALL YOUR MIGHT !
 If you want a violent game that exposes your children to killographic material then get this but who wants that so dont get it because it 'll make your kid violent and more aggresive ! Get a quality E rated game if you want something for your children . I am a proud mamber of Mothers Against Videogame Violence !
 I purchased this PS2 games for my child . If I had known just how violent it is , I would not have given it to her . There was no review to read before I purchased the game . Murder , auto accidents , motorcycle accidents , police chases ... that 's all it is .
 Could they have designed the game better ? ... AbsolutelyCould this game have worst graphics and design ? It would be a challenge.Bottom line , this game sucks .
 I 'll keep it short , because I do n't think this games warrants any more of my time . What a piece of junk ! The controls stink and the graphics are terrible . I ca n't believe this is a PS2 game . Thankfully , I rented it ... and returned it early . Blockbuster Video should be ashamed of having this garbage on their shelves , but they were probably mislead from the great commercials they saw on this product as well.I personally ensure I bash `` No One Lives Forever '' every time I write a review since that game really set the bar for crapness , but this one runs a close second . Save your gas money , stay away from Driver3 .
 the look is great but the game play suck i current belive that i payed 52 $ for this game this suck
 driv3r was one of the biggest let downs ive ever experienced . I thought it was going to be as some people said `` a next gen GTA '' but it was anything but that . The graphics are HORRIBLE they look so blistery and the whole feel of the game is so jerky . The way tanner runs is just a laugh . The only enjoyment i got out of this was smashing a few cars , but i can do that in better looking cars with better looking graphics in GTA
 I waited a long time for this game to be released and when I finally played the word that comes to my mind is `` frustrating '' ... The producers could at least play it a little bit just to see how many bugs the game has.What about could not being able to kill an enemy because he is behind SOMETHING ? You seem him , the aim is red but you automatically shoot somewhere else but him ! What a ridiculous bug ! And it happens always , does n't matter how big the stuff in front of him is.Sometimes you press the buttom for Tanner to go inside the car and he starts walking left , right , running , but does not go inside.Is very easy to get trapped trying to get out of the boat.And the list goes on ... The streets -LRB- specially in Istambul -RRB- look like somebody spread soap all around . The car simply slips from one side to the other . Cars do not react like that!Some trees the size of a broom 's stem can stop and destroy your car completely ! Even some bar table and chairs have the `` power '' to stop your car coming at full speed.On-foot
 Like Enter the Matrix last year , Driv3r is buggy and clearly unfinished . The mess is n't as extensive as it was with Neo 's nightmare -- Tanner 's latest adventures as an undercover cop are n't quite that treacherously crash-prone -- but poorly tuned gameplay and controls sink what should have been a rousing ride from one of Grand Theft Auto 's primary forefathers . Bugs and technical issues first . We tested three boxed copies of Driv3r on three different consoles , and a clear pattern of glitches emerged . The most common issue
 I 've never felt compelled to write a review . Wasting $ 50 on this crap finally put me over the edge . This game looks good at first glance . Graphics are nice and the cars look good . The game play is awful . My character crawled out of an overturned vehicle and through a wall . Attempting to enter cars is interesting , he moves from the side to in front of the car instantaneously , forcing me to carefully position him over and over again for repeated attempts at gettting inside . Driving is squirrely and not very realistic , a truck moving at moderate speed can leave the ground quite easily , seems they were attempting to simulate a low gravity environment ? My list of complaints goes on , it 's just not worth bothering ... In summary , do n't waste your money , or if you do , please buy my copy of this crap game so I wo n't feel as bad .
 No , it was n't . I remember being very excited when Driver 1 was supposed to come out . You were supposed to be a gangster , running from the law , a game built oin the same engine -LRB- same physics -RRB- as the destruction derby games.BUT , whoever made Driver 1 thought it way too controversial to make a villian as the lead , so they decided to make it an `` on the run '' police officer . that was weak and i lost interest in it , do n't care how great the game was . do i want a watered down version of an artist 's vision ? please , why do n't you put that fig leaf on `` David '' 's unit in Florence.So , here we go , now we have driv3r , a couple years after the GTA wave breaks . yay ! in driv3r they finally let you get out of the car and do foot missions , fight , shoot , run over people , now that the coast is clear . there is nothing innovative about what they are trying to do here . driv3r is not the original . any company that forfeits it 's edginess to be politically correct will not get my money . might as well have tipper gore in the passenger seat the whole time , telling tanner what he could and could not do .
 Driver 3 is one of the worst games i have ever played . I wasted my money and life on this . At first it looked really appealing to me , but it did n't turn out so goo after that . The big problem this game had was it came out too late for its time . If this came out before gta III this would be flying off the shelves and would be a big hit and making gaming history , but it was a few years late , and that is what made it so boring and bad . To anyone who buys , rents or even thinks about this game , DO N'T PLAY IT . it 's not worth buying , renting , or thinking about it . It just wastes time .
 This game stinx . Driving is enjoyable , trying to aim my gun and move at the same time just plain stinx .
 Its just trying to be GTA , with none of the pizzaz of the other game . I thought the best thing was to drive around miami and see how close they got it , which unfortunetly wasnt that accurate . Being from South Florida I can see where the mistakes are ... dont bother wasting your money . Just go buy San Andreas .
 I wish I read a review before I bought this game ! I liked Driver 1 and 2 , but then came the GTA games . I think I 've been spoiled . I was really looking forward to Driv3r , but , right at the start I was annoyed with this game . Just moving Tanner around on the street or heaven forbid up a staircase is awkward . The controls are not smooth . Try aiming your gun while someone is shooting at you . You 're getting blasted while your gun is all over the place . I stopped playing this after the mission where you are in a boat going to these shacks in the water and you have to take over a yacht . By the time I made it to the yacht , my health was down to nothing and as soon as you get on the ship , you get blasted by a whole bunch of enemies . I do n't want to say this game is impossible , but it 's no fun . I 'm going to trade this in and buy GTA San Andreas . At least I know I will enjoy that game.Another thing , for the cheat codes , you can only use invincibilty in the Take A Ride section . You ca n't use it in any mission ! This game blows - Believe that !
 This game SUCKS it 's really hard to try and control the player . And the graphs look like it was meant for PS1 . What the hell happened to it ? It used to be good .
 This game was supposed to out so f*cking long ago . It is now past June 1 , 2004 and the bloody game is not in my bloody hands . I 'm blood ticked off !
 watch out for that curb it will pop your tires , oh and that cop on your tail dont worry drive around the corner and youll lose him.this game was so lame when compared to driver1 & 2 the car dynamics and handling suck.the shooting has NO aim so expect to get all shot up when trying to shoot someone and u cant restore health.crash in your car a couple times and you die.cars flip with the greatest of ease.want to play a sweet car chase game DRIVER2
 Okay , I 'm not going to waste alot of time beating a dead horse , all of the negative comments about this game are ALL true . Remember the car grabbing light poles from Driver1 ? They are here , along with shoddy physics , poor aiming control , and a lack of speed that will disgust you . You can grab the fastest car in the game , aim it down the longest straight away you can find and you 'll still not have any feeling of REALLY moving . I loved Driver , and even Driver 2 , but this game should have been properly de-bugged before release . Long and short-save your cash , rent first , and you 'll see what I and so many others have said all along - this game sucks .
 I had high expectations for this game because it took so long for it to be released . I figured the extra time was going to be used to perfect the game . Apparently it was n't . The graphics are nothing spectacular . I was disappointed.The only thing that seemed to be different about the cars was the way they looked . All of the cars seemed to drive at the same speed , which was n't fast enough . A sports cars should fly down the road , but in this game a sports car never went that fast.The handling is horrible !! It is an effort to turn a corner without hitting something.The on foot missions are weak.In all fairness , I only played the game for one hour , so I may grow to like it more , but so far it is not worth buying . Rent it first , if you like it then buy it .
 WHEN I FIRST BOUGHT THE GAME THOUGHT IT WOULD BE FUN.BUT THE GAME PLAY IS SO STUPID . WHEN YOU BURNOUT PEOPLE START TO SCREAM AND RUNAWAY . COPS IS ALSO STUPID BECAUSE THEY JUST ARE STUPID . THE GRAPHICS IS KINDA GOOD BUT THE GAME BOY ADVANCE GRAPHICS IS WAY BETTER THAN THIS GRAPHICS . THEY SAID THAT EVERYTHING IS DESTRUCABLE BUT WHEN YOU HIT A POLE OR A BUILDING IT DOESNT EVEN BREAK OR SOMETHING . WHO EVA IS READING THIS RIGHT NOW DONT BUY THIS GAME CUZ IT SUCKS ASS !!!!!!!!
 This game was definately not worth the hype -LRB- If there was any -RRB- . I remember seeing a commercial for it and I was thinking `` GTA ripoff '' and it pretty much is . GTA is alot better than this in everything , this game was to bland . I got bored with this really , really quick .
 I made the mistake of buying this game yesterday without researching enough . I thought it would be good enough to just get without checking into especially since I really liked Driver 1 . I thought they were going to do a lot more this time around , but I was wrong.I give one star for the cool driving effects , nice engine sounds and car damage . Nothing else deserves a star.On-foot is terrible . Aiming is terrible . This game really is crappy . Very dissapointed .
 2 stars for optimising the game for fast loading time on the PS2 -LRB- remember stuntman ? took 4ever 2 load -RRB- ... Everything else is a BIG disappointment - Firstly , GTA reference is incredibly BORING !!!!!! Anybody can model large pretty cities and leave it empty with nothing to do in them which is what REFCUKSHTT -LRB- pronounced re-fcuk-shtt -RRB- did so no points thereThe AI looked and played like the work of amateurs ... terribleThe on-foot and shooting is unbelivably WRONG !!! WRONG !!! WRONG !!! The cover art shows tanner driving and shooting AT THE SAME TIME but oh no matey , you dont get that in the actual game so insulting EVERY gamer 's intelligenceThe driving games never evolved , in fact they have been shrunk down , e.g. Quick Chase only gives you a maximum of 2 mins eachEVERYTHING FEELS LIKE WE WERE ALL STILL LIVING WAY BACK IN 1999 which is very disappointing bcos we 've since played the GTAs and the Max Paynes and we know what good developers are quite capable of but reflections -LRB- pronounced RE-FCUK-SHTT -RRB- have decided to do the absolute minimum over all those years ... This is really SAD !!! SAD !!! SAD !!! bcos you really want to like the game especially if you 've been following the series from PSOne like most people and then I heard they are working on STUNTMAN 2 ! Well you alrady know what you 're going to get there ... Bottom line is if they had published this as is 2 years ago it would have been forgiveable , I mean , IMO , they KNOW they are wrong to release this game as is now , but they went on and did it anywayI took mine back to the GAME store and swapped it for a 2fast 2furious DVD
 Great Graphics , Great Sound , Great Music . . that is it . Game play SUCKS so far . Driving around is almost impossible to control . You can barely aim at anything . The second mission will drive you insane after awhile . They made the game TOO DIFFICULT . I think I will skip all Atari games after this I had such a bad experience . I love the sound and the graphics but the handling of the game will not let me enjoy it . I do n't like repeating myself over and over again through the course of several days . It is definately not for the novice of for people with little patience . The only reason I got the game because , according to the advertisement , this is the series that inspired Grand Theft Auto . Please , I beg of you , do not get it because of that . Two totally different type of companies and two totally different type of playing experience . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This game is n't that great . It does have great graphics but not as great as it was hyped up to be .
 I ordered this game from we_make_u_happy and never received it . I also emailed the company to try and resolve this matter only to hear nothing from them . Amazon needs to stop doing business with them immediately !
 You 've got to be kidding me ? This is what you 've come up with over the last couple of years ? Game play is awful and clunky . Nothing smooth about this at all . The driving is horrible . Car 's do n't react that way and it feels as if the car nevers gets out of first gear . Shooting and aiming is dumb as hell . You get shot a few times before you can even aim at the guy you need to . Moving around is even worse . You have to use a combo of both analogs or 1 analog and the thumbpad in order to really see where you 're going.Atari
 dont waste your money , this game is sooooooooo dull ... . thats all i can say ...
 How the heck are you gon na spend your money on this peice of crap !! First of all , its trying so hard to be just like Vice City.Second of all the gameplay sucks , and the graphics are horrible .
 Reflections should be utterly ashamed of themselves with this flaming pile of excrement . It is repetitive , limited , glitchy and buggy . The chase missions merely serve to prolong the frustration , offering no opportunity for creativity in the way you tackle the game , and overall the whole limited universe of the Undercover mode is akin to Dragon 's Lair or Space Ace . They had the excuse of being linked to a Laserdisc for gameplay ; this title has no such excuses.Reflections may indulge in their little jokes about GTA , but really - Driv3r is the biggest joke of all . Do NOT buy this title . It is a real stinker . Buy GTA , and if you want something that stinks , buy Freak Out or something ; at least it 'll be a change .
 Driver 3 is one of those sad cases whereas a game is produced of superb standard and longevity . Yet most good things can be dragged down kicking and screaming by one flaw . Driver 3 is a brilliant game , ruined to the point of frustration by it 's difficulty . Many missions require days of wall punching , radiator kicking repetitive memory tests to complete . There is one mission
 THis game bites the big one . it is possibly one of the worst games I have ever played , and I 've played the olsen twins games . if there was a negative rating thats what I would give it .
 Driver 3 is plagued by horrible controls , interactivity and sub par graphics . First of all you accelerate with trigger , which hurts your finger after awhile , the sensitivity is LOW , controls are inverted . Your characters movements also seem unreal . Graphics could 've been alot better . Gameplay is average . I know its a large game but what I 've seen with other titles Driv3r 's just plain sucks . Alot of ideas were adopted from GTA also . GTA 3 is so much better than this . It seems like Atari rushed this title towards the end .
 I rented this game from blockbuster only becuase it was out of stock and was guaranteed in stock . It was not even worth the gas to get to the store . All the `` online compatable '' feature is is just sharing replays of levels . The levels are hard and frustrating . I enjoy a hard game , but this was just stupid . Every try is `` he got away '' or `` you Lost him '' If you want a good game , get the GTA double pack for the same price .
 This game would have been ok if it did n't FREEZE EVERY 10 SECONDS ! The graphics were good but that 's about it . I rented this game from Blockbuster and I looked at the disc . . seemed fine . But sometimes it would n't even start up on the Xbox , and when it finally did , it would freeze about every 10 seconds . If you like being annoyed , buy this game !
 When I first heard that Driver 3 was coming out I was really excited . I liked the first two Drivers and thought that a Driver on XBOX would be incredible . Driver 3 did not come close to meeting my expectations . The graphics have improved , but seem a little bland for XBOX . The maps are big but it lacks the fine detail that other similar games have . The game even lags at times . This is an XBOX not a PS1 . The cars are still tough to control which makes it seem a lot more realistic.The missions are still a bit slow . Sure the driving parts are fun and you get weapons finally . Unfortunately the enemy AI is about a dumb as a post so there not much challenge in the shooting parts of the game . Another thing I noticed was that the cops seem a bit less involved during missions than the last two games . Im about halfway through the second city and I have only run into cops in about three missions . Another thing about the missions are the constant restarts . If you make one wrong move during a car chase you will lose the guy and have to restart the mission . Sometimes the character will freeze when you are on foot . This is convenient especially when you are at the end of a misson . I think games have evolved enought for characters not to get stuck in walls.A new feature of driver 3 for Xbox is custom sountrack . When I saw this I did n't think it could get any better . I started playing the game with my own music . The only problem is that everytime you restart the mission your soundtrack starts at the beginning so you tend to hear the same few songs over and over and there is no way to put it on random or to skip songs . So you end up turning the music off most of the time . The only thing is that if you turn the music off you have no volume during cutscenes which is the best part of the game.Anyways If your looking for a grand theft auto style game just wait until the new grand theft auto comes out in october because this is nothing like it and it a waste of $ 50 . I would recommend renting it because you will get sick of it fast . You could also just wait until it is $ 20 .
 this game has excellent graphics and physics , but that does n't make it any more fun to play the first 30 seconds of a level 30 times because if you miss one turn or clip a tree and have to start over . Even missions that should be easy like following a police car to a crime scene are easily blown by one mistake . I 've only played this game to level three and I 'm already setting it aside .
 First off I have to say this game looks great , driver 3 set 's the bar for how GTA 4 should look . The detail of the cars is top notch as well as the city 's , but it all ends there . I enjoy playing a game that will allow me to actually play and interact in the experience of the game , Driver 3 does not do that by far . I do n't want to say its a HARD game , its just poorly designed . When you play missions over and over and over constantly failing to even get close to the car your trying desperately to chase because your burn out or hit a pole that completely stops you and with in seconds the title says '' You lost him '' or '' He got away '' , the frustration is unbearably constant , I just want to play to get close not to get shut down within seconds . I ca n't believe the game testers allowed this flaw to get pass . Within and hour of me playing the game for the first time I shut it off and installed GTA vice city , thank you ol RockStar Thank You ...
 The Driving in this game is cool and semi-realistic . The damage to the cars looks amazing . But other than that it all blows . The missions are so unbelievably hard it 's not even fun . If you do n't have auto-aim on then you are n't going to get anywhere because the shooting is extremely unrealistic and also hard . The cop cars are ten times as fast as yours so have fun running from them . There is no good rocket launcher except some dinky thing that shoots out little grenades and they only go like 30 feet . Overall I and it looks like many other people say save your money or get GTA .
 Way back in the olden days I played a game called Driver for PC -LRB- what a rush -RRB- , car physics were funky and cool , Miami at night was moody and mysterious and the cop chases ... well for get about it , it was great ! And all that painful pop-up ? Come on it was 1998 after-all . Well here we are , it 's 2004 , Driv3r has been loooong awaited by those of us who adored the first offering from Reflections and now that we have it , all I can say is ... `` what the h #ll ?! '' I 'll only review this on the graphics merits , so if you like the game play and can numb yourself to the absolutely pathetic textures look away now . Talk about pop-up , `` holy . . where did that car come from Batman '' , the AI vehicles -LRB- not to mention buildings trees , power poles and peds -RRB- appear out of nowhere not more than a block away at times , they do n't fade in , they just appear like some crazy magic trick . Textures tear and flicker and quite frequently disappear all together just to reappear again . Now mind you the lighting effects are beautiful -LRB- note Miami at dusk bathed in that golden tropical glow -RRB- , but there is absolutely very little draw distance and the unbelievable amount of graphics glitches that are found at ever turn are utterly disappointing and inexcusable , they may have passed muster back in the day but not at a time when Project Gothem 2 and Grand Tourismo rule the roads . I went back and ran PG2 and recounted Wreckless last night just to make sure I was n't being too hard on poor old Driv3r but I came away being even harder on it . Great video games start with -LRB- can you imagine -RRB- great graphics ! Call me a graphics geek but if a title ca n't draw me in visually then the journey for me and that title will be a short one . How the creative teams at Reflections and finally Microsoft let this pass to distribution with so many bugs to work out is beyond me , Xbox has so much riding on the quality of the games to sell itself that allowing such a shoddy example of workmanship find a place on store shelves is inexcusable . On the upside however Driv3rs ' opening cut scene is the most cinematic I 've ever seen , and frankly stunning ! The levels -LRB- cities -RRB- are huge and exacting in their detail but the clipping and over-all poor graphics execution relegates what could have easily been one heck of a game to the `` should-a , could-a , would-a '' file . Simply put ... I was expecting so much more and got far less than I could have ever imagined from Driv3r and how sad .
 I was one of the many people who eagerly awaited Driv3r 's release . I have been playing this game most of the day , and have been completely unimpressed by the game altogether . In some ways , i enjoy the game . The look of Miami is impressive and expansive and the vehicles are fun , interesting and realistically tough to drive . Unfortunately , that is about all there is to say on the positive side . The graphics and movements of the characters are awful and the gameplay is painfully slow . If you fail a mission , prepare for extended re-viewed cutscenes and immediate replay over and over . As i enjoy the `` realism '' of the game and the hyped ability to enter houses , buildings and the like , the negatives far outweigh the positives . I do n't know how to best describe it , but this game far from met any expectations i have had . The previews were cool and so are the ones for GTA , but this one definetly doesnt have the gusto . Rent it if you really wan na give it a try , but dont waste your well-earned cash my friends , this one 's a stinker .
 ok it is alot like gta exept for the fact that it has no features ecxept for free roam . missions are very linear . you can drive a car and that is about all the fun your ever gon na have . i can see that kids want gta . this is not even close to as much fun as some other no blod gta clones . here are a couple i think did a good job . true crime new york is the closest . mercinaries is the best graphics and gamesplay . it gives more features than even gta . one of the less popular clones is mafia . that game is just hands down the best one . u want a non vilent gta go buy mafia . the last one is probably the most different . it has everything gta has besides xxx even the mass amounts of blood . they gave it a great twist . we have all thought to ourselves at one time hey how about a tony hawk were you can kill and steal cars and stuff . the game that did the un thinkable is none other than total overdose . so my point is that driver sucks so just dont even bother renting it .
 I bought this game a few weeks ago from Target for $ 23.52 -LRB- it also included a 2nd disc with tips -RRB- I had a $ 5 coupon as well . This game is unbelievably frustrating I ca n't believe reflections spent nearly 3 years developing this game . While the graphics are nice and some how impressed me some what it does n't make up for the frustrating and dull gameplay . Here is a list of cons because there just are n't enough positives things to say about this game.CONSDriving controls are very sensitive and your car tends to slide like as if it were on iceon foot controls -LRB- I like to call it run n gun -RRB- are cumbersome to say the least and the aiming system is n't very good at all either.Did I mention that this game is on the difficult side and sometimes very frustrating ? I was on the mission where you had to stop the gator for good and trying to drive and shoot at the same time just PO 'd me right off.I have played other games similar to this True Crime Streets of LA The Getaway and of course GTA . Driver may of pioneered this genre but this installment was just poorly put together . Many games of this genre may come and go but Grand Theft Auto is still king of the genre . If you are really interested in checking out this game I strongly recommend renting this -LRB- I wish I had done so -RRB- or waiting for the price to drop to under $ 20 .
 all this game is a rip off of Grand Theft Auto
 This game is just a major headache -- can anyone say Stuntman ? Oh my gosh , this game hides so well . It has this beautiful outside appearance -- the graphics are amazing the voice acting is decent and played `` real name '' actors like Ving Rhames . The plot is pretty hardcore and what they say you will get to do sounds awesome !! THE PROBLEM ?? Everything else ! Once you get past the superficiality of the above topics , the game SUCKS ! The cars are fun to handle when it goes your way , but more often than not the tendency to slide becomes ridiculous . A slight turn could put you facing the other direction -- which is even worse by the fact that most missions are either timed or require you to keep up with an enemy . The car damage is nice and detailed -- but who cares when I said turn left and I did a 180 and got wedged between an invisible wall -LRB- stupid game engine -RRB- and a pole.The plot and cutscenes are awesome , but the missions that go with them are so bland ! Sad attempts at copying GTA , that 's what I think . You never feel like you get a break -- a chance to go browse the city for shortcuts and health . It is into one timed mission , to start another . Of course , it will actually take you as the player much longer -- because just like in stuntman , you either perform the mission perfectly -LRB- their way -RRB- or you will start the mission over . And it is an extremely annoying start over with the inability to skip any videos -- the repeitition and sheer aggravation with sitting through it gave me a headache before I finished my first mission.This game is a sad sad sad sequel to an otherwise great and groundbreaking series . The shooting/on foot parts can sometimes be fun -- and your character looks great -- but it is n't worth it . The engine is just sad . Your character does n't really feel there , and he walks sideways easier than straight . I like shooting better than in GTA 3/4 , but the enemies ' firepower always drains my health too fast and spoils the fun.Also , anytime you are given a mission , pay close attention , because they tell you exactly how it has to be done , and you ca n't try to figure out what they said later . Often I could n't hear what the guy told me -LRB- no subtitles for this part of the game -RRB- , and I never could figure out what I was supposed to do.I rented this game and had this much trouble with it , I wish I would have saved my money . This game is too hard , too repetitive -LRB- and no you have no sweet victory cuz you 're so mad it took so stinking long and so many stupid random things happened along the way -RRB- , and too much of too many bad things to be worth even renting!It is also more mature , from what I seen in the first 5 minutes of `` plot length '' -LRB- 2 hours of actual repetitive play -RRB- , than any of the other games like GTA that are out there . Flush with detailed cutscenes of murder , shootouts , etc.Save your money !
 This is one of the worst ever made games ... Long cut scenes ... A story that jumps around too much ... And when they say you can go anywhere and do anything they lie ... It is very hard and confusing ...
 do not buy game it is really bad . I own this horibble game now and i wish i did not .
 Ok . i have been a fan of the driver series ever since it 's first release many many years ago . The graphics , the physics , even the fact that they were n't liscenesed cars . Now that we have the good ole past out of our way , lets talk about driver 3 . I bought this game without reading any reviews . I never read reviews till i explore things for myself . I read the manual and less than halfway through it i came to the credits . Thinking this was weird , i set it down and put the disk in my xbox . bla bla bla , on to the game.The graphics were standard issue , nothing special , nothing below par for me . the first time i drove a car , i felt like a nascar driver in the dirt , pulling 360 's in the road , and i was n't even going anywhere . Using a little more care , i took off . It 's taken me 3 hours of practice to get good with the physics of the cars alone , and that was a disappointment . no sense of speed either.Next theirs the onfoot missions . Stepping out of my car for the second mission i found myself shooting at the sky . then a moment later , dead . at the time of this review , i have completed 1/3 of the game , and have just gotten used to the onfoot targeting and control scheme . horrible.The cutscenes further the plot and are pretty , so watch them . they are much better than the game play . however , i have found that it is a very deep challenge this game , so i have tried and tried and tried to get my 50 bucks out of it . after you somewhat master the controls , the game just tests how well you know them more and more with each level . it seems like this happens to fast , as there is only -LRB- to my knowledge -RRB- 27 missions . if there were a lot more , as in the GTA series , it would be more entertaining instead of an extremely dragged out training simulation . if you can tolerate bad controls , glitches , and a very disappointing 3rd try , you may want to rent this . if you buy it , either finish the game and use the disk as a coaster , or return it . Driv3r compared to the GTA series is like tylenol compared to morphine .
 I was a fan of the Driver series , I even put up with some glitches and AI issues in prior issues . This is not fun , my girlfriend is threatening to return it to the video store because I ca n't stop cursing at the TV ! It 's not fun , it 's painful . A cop just fell on my hood ... right out of the sky.I love driving games , that 's pretty much all I play . I ca n't even like this . Cars , people , objects randomly appear about a block ahead of you . Handling is unrealistic . You ca n't ride the motorcycles and shoot . The sound for the motorcycle sounds like a blender stuck on high speed , the cars sound like an out of tune lawn mower . Actually , now that I think about it , the bike sounds like the cars in Pole Position . I 'd rather be playing that right now.If I did my work half as bad as the guys at Reflections and Atari , I 'd be out of work ! Guess we should be thankful they 're not doctors .
 I played GTA of course and even True Crimes and i have to those games are far better than this piece of junk it 's horrible it does n't even make sense that it you bump into a pole your mission is over you ca n't even chance someone down , the driving controls are the worse ever for a game it just plain sucks do n't even rent it !!!
 This is by far one of the worst games in 2004 . I say this because it 's barely any fun . You ca n't go into a single building , too many invisible walls , non - realistic , bad gameplay graphics , horrible shooting controls , things appear out of nowhere too quickly . For instance , I was being chased by cops , I took a shortcut , and a cop fell right on my car . Also , unlike Grand Theft Auto , only cops come after you , no S.W.A.T , CIA , the army , only cops . I only give this game a 2 because kids who are n't allowed GTA Vice City , this is mildly fun for about five minutes .
 2 stars for optimising the game for fast loading time on the PS2 -LRB- remember stuntman ? took 4ever 2 load -RRB- ... Everything else is a BIG disappointment - Firstly , GTA reference is incredibly BORING !!!!!! Anybody can model large pretty cities and leave it empty with nothing to do in them which is what REFCUKSHTT -LRB- pronounced re-fcuk-shtt -RRB- did so no points thereThe AI looked and played like the work of amateurs ... terribleThe on-foot and shooting is unbelivably WRONG !!! WRONG !!! WRONG !!! The cover art shows tanner driving and shooting AT THE SAME TIME but oh no matey , you dont get that in the actual game so insulting EVERY gamer 's inteligenceThe driving games never evolved , in fact they have been shrunk down , e.g. Quick Chase only gives you a maximum of 2 mins eachEVERYTHING FEELS LIKE WE WERE ALL STILL LIVING WAY BACK IN 1999 which is very disappointing bcos we 've since played the GTAs and the Max Paynes and we know what good developers are quite capable of but reflections -LRB- pronounced RE-FCUK-SHTT -RRB- have decided to do the absolute minimum over all those years ... This is really SAD !!! SAD !!! SAD !!! bcos you really want to like the game especially if you 've been following the series from PSOne like most people and then I heard they are working on STUNTMAN 2 ! Well you alrady know what you 're going to get there ... Bottom line is if they had published this as is 2 years ago it would have been forgiveable , I mean , IMO , they KNOW they are wrong to release this game as is now , but they went on and did it anywayI took mine back to the GAME store and swapped it for a 2fast 2furious DVD
 Driver 3 for the Xbox is a third person action game , where you play a cop out to chase down and kill crime syndicates . The game is similar to Grand Theft Auto in concept , but not at all in execution . You can walk or run around on foot missions and explore the cityscape or you can cruise around with a vehicle of your choice . You can play the single player story mode if you want to see the story or you can play free-mode where you can roam around doing whatever you want . I did enjoy the fact that your character can swim in water , I also liked some of the map level designs . You can get on a highway and gas it or go through narrow alleways , you can also enter many of the buildings . Some of the weapons are fun to use although the aiming system is very clumsy . The overall feel of the game is very unplolished . There are tons of glitches with the sound effects , music , graphics and collision detection . Driver 3 was rushed and needed more beta testing before being released to the public as a finished product ! Just to give you an example of some of the bugs ; My game character 's body got stuck into invisible objects , or his body went through -LRB- like a ghost -RRB- into a car , the in-game music stops or starts sparadically , ditto with the sound effects , headshots are not always fatal , the police and enemy A.I. is very stupid but cheats to compensate its stupidity , the game graphics are grainy and crappy , the framerate is low and there is no sense of real speed when driving vehicles . This game tried to be like Grand Theft Auto , but failed miserably . Why get a cheap clone of GTA , when you can get the real thing for a good price?Pros : + Free-Form gameplay + large city maps + lots of vehicles + your character can swim + go inside buildings + pilot boatsCons : - tons of glitches-stupid A.I.-terrible graphics-slow vehicles-music cuts off abruptly-sound effects cuts off abruptly-bad controls-week sound effects-terrible camera system-boring missions-GTA wannabe-terrible collision detection-not very fun
 This the worst game I have played in a long time . Do not be fooled by commercals , it is not that fast paced and the controls are garbage . So in conclusion - PURE GARBAGE ! The people who made this should be forced to play it forever .
 Just bad , plain bad the only thing saving this game is its theater or replay mode . And using cheats in this game is fun too . But the single player is the worst I 've seen in a video game . Its like the developers spent more money on the cutscenes then the actual game . Because the controls handle poorly the missions are structured poorly everything in this game feels shallow and has that `` been there done that feel '' . Just avoid this game and please save your money do n't support badly designed games like this .
 If Logitech 's corded WingMan RumblePad had the same design and ergonomics , I would have gotten that . However , it did not and I fell in love with the feel and action of the Logitech Cordless RumblePad.What I feel is great about this pad is everything except the cordless facet of it . There are no hard edges or loose feel to any of the parts . There is nice , solid feel and feedback to the D-Pad -LRB- I prefer the solid concave disc , less fatigue -RRB- . The dual joysticks are also concave which is nice on the thumbs . They also move and feel just like the sticks on the DualShock PS1/PS2 gamepad which is good . The buttons on the Cordless RumblePad are solid and have a good action to them . There are no harsh edges to dig into your skin . There are no loose , hard-plastic reactions or noises to these buttons . And the hand extensions are perfect for my hands . Once again there are no harsh edges and everything is contoured to fit comfortably . The rumble effect is just like the DualShock as well . It 's neat and sometimes helpful , but really is n't necessary . Fortunately , Logitech allows you to control whether the Rumble effect is on or off -LRB- major battery conservation in having it off -RRB- . I never had any problems installing this gamepad or getting it to work within games , until recently.Gamepads are a seasonal item . They 're only good for certain games . Often they are necessary for ported Console games . Which brings me to my present . I have the urge to replay Final Fantasy VII and VII on the PC . These games cry for a gamepad , so I fetched my WingMan Cordless RumblePad . After a week of web research I have discovered the my receiver is dead . And that this has happened to numerous WingMan Cordless RumblePad owners who have had their gamepad for a year or more.There are no replacement receivers sold . The best advice offered is to `` try '' Logitech Tech Support . : -LRB- With a decent set of rechargeable batteries -LRB- total of 4 AA , 8 if you want to hot-swap them -RRB- and a good rechargeable battery recharger that drains all the power from the batteries before it recharges them , you will have the best wireless rumblepad for a year . And then after that year you may find yourself with a dead receiver . And after it becomes a lost cause through normal avenues , you may find yourself wanting to open that receiver to see if you can find the short or whatever is causing the problem . You 'll find the screw in the bottom holding things together is n't alone and that the seam on the receiver is sealed with some kind of ACME Super Glue and give up.Wish me luck . I 'm off to find a replacement gamepad.Battery Recommendations
 I first bought this to play GTA3 and after installing found that the right stick does not calibrate properly -LRB- i 'm running windows XP -RRB- , when I try to use this in that game the person starts to spin around until you nudge the stick slightly towards the middle before it ceases this undesirable activity.In Windows the joystick calibration portion of the device driver allows you to calibrate based on extremes of movement to pick the mid point and the extreme ends of movement in any direction , after installing the Logitech software for mapping keys and functions to buttons I found that they have absolutely no way of changing your calibration . I supposed they thought their product is always going to be perfectly calibrated and will never have a problem . . Anyhow , at the time I figured it could have been a problem with the hardware so I took it back and exchanged it for another one . Same thing happened with the new one . I called Logitech up and they wanted me to send it back and replace it with one of theirs they had . . Figuring a replacement would still do the same thing guessing the RMA process would waste good 2 weeks of my time . I uninstalled the Logitech software and fought with the calibration built into Windows and finally tricked it into finding the proper center of the stick . The problem with doing this is you dont get full functionality from all the buttons in certain games where you cant map functions to specific buttons in game . I am fairly well versed in Windows so I couldnt imagine anyone doing this who 's looking for a non nonsense install and setup , I found myself wanting to bash it with a hammer and chucking it out the window . Though I kind of got it to work , many games will not detect a remapping of the two sticks and your either stuck with their default use mappings or you cant use them at all.Logitech makes decent hardware , but they seem to allways fall short when it comes to drivers and software , I own their Z-560 sound system and a number of versions of their cordless keyboards and mice and find that the default Windows drivers run far better than what they have to offer without irritating programs running in the systray and consuming memory and wasting time with loading useless garbageware every time you boot.Battery life on this stick is pretty good , after buying it and using it for about a month its sat on my desk for almost a year without use and still powered on when i tried it . To my dismay a couple months later when it did stop working I noticed that a couple of the batteries went south and started to leak inside . No damage was done to the unit so I put a new set of batteries in and it started working again , lucky for me because I 'd hate to have a paperweight that leaks battery acid.Seriously consider getting another game pad , or buy it from a place that would give you no problems returning it if you decide that you dont like it .
 This product is useless , as hundreds of people can tell you if you google search for calibration problems . The pad has a hardware problem which causes the left analog stick to break after a few minutes of use . You have to unplug it and plug it back in every few minutes to recalibrate the stick . Logitech refuses to fix it , so DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 As the title of my review indicates , the Cordless rumblepad Blows Battery Acid all over the inside of the battery case whether or not you leave it on or off . The Dpad is ineffective due to inaccuracy of a Disk design . The 6 buttons on the upper surface were a little too tall and slowed down reaction times . The 3 Analogs twitch -LRB- ther is a third analog on the top right . -RRB- , And the Key-Mapping Software for this device is AWFUL compared to the Belkin Nostromo N45 Dual Analog USB Gamepad -LRB- F8GBPC001 -RRB- , The PS2/PS3/PC 2.4 Ghz Wireless Run N Drive 3-in-1 7-Axis Gamepad , Razor mice , or the Logitech G600 MMO Gaming Mouse , For their day , they had the most buttons and analogs available , but this gamepad is long out of date , and there are options out there with more features.The Logitech WingMan Rumble Pad -LRB- 963233-0403 -RRB- -LRB- Corded -RRB- was a much more stable choice for the era , and offered all the same features , with less weight , better grip , and various other enhancements despite being an `` earlier '' version.The Wireless Run N Drive mentioned above , had and still has , the most analogs and buttons together , of any game-pad to date . However it is for small hands , DirectX can only ever see 6 of it 's analogs , and it 's buttons are a bit - more - clumsily/deep/noisy then the logitech wireless rumblepad . And the entire device is fairly delicate . One drop on the floor and it 'll be useless . The the logitech wireless rumblepad can withstand 3 or 4 drops without issue.By comparison , an Xbox controller can withstand more then a few average forced Throws directly at the floor without anything more ten a scuff mark . And these days , Corded Xbox and Xbox 360 controllers have the same number of analogs , and buttons , and can be hooked up to the pc vie driver software.Also third party custom mapping software , such as Glove Pie or -LRB- -LRB- Autohotkey -RRB- -RRB- can not only map the buttons and analogs , but calculate and run full macro enabled processes , custom tooled per game , as well as providing hacks , bot functions , and navigational automation that move the mouse pointer to user determined locations , click things , and operate menus that game companies would prefer you struggle through slowly and manually . And you can write profiles for your games like this , in something as simple as Windows Notepad.In the end , this device looks cool on the wall . But it will live a an old box at the bottom of your closet , or locked in the basement . Twitchy , Battery-Slimed , or Broken . Because there are other more versatile devices out there with more features , Console controllers in general have better research and development and more re-engineering . I have over 70 controllers worth of experience in this regard , and over the years Console controllers have matched features to function , form to strength.Pick your favorite game console controller , then find an adapter online to mate it to your pc or other consoles to it . You 'll have less useless technology collecting dust on your shelf by doing so.I am the type of person who wants 10 analog sticks and 64 buttons on my controllers . I love Features . But features are never worth flimsy clunky construction they almost always come with ... It 's a sad truth I had to face.I give this 2 stars , Because it 's better then - some - of the devices I 've suffered through . But I prefer many other brands over it .
 I 've just spent the last 3 hours trying to get this gamepad to work with either Jedi Knight II or Ghost Recon . The gamepad is nice in appearance , looks like lots of features , and feels like a good grip , but watch out ! The software is useless . I bought this as a programmable gamepad for Ghost Recon -LRB- which does n't allow you to set up a controller inside the game -RRB- ... and I ca n't get most of the buttons to work right with the game . I tried using it with Jedi Knight II , which does allow game controller setup inside the game , and I could n't get both analog sticks to work with the game -LRB- aka using the left stick to move and the right stick to look around/aim -RRB- . In short
 The Logitech Cordless Rumblepad is a neat concept , but it sadly , hardly delivers.The buttons and sticks do have a nice feel to them , and are quite responsive , but the problem lies in the design itself.First and foremost , would be the shape and weight . Being cordless , it requires quite a number of AA batteries . No one wants to play video games using an ungainly controller that weighs sixty-four pounds.As another reviewer noted , this pad is notorious for calibration problems . Soon after I recieved it , my left analog stick failed . Normally I would n't care , as I do n't use them , but now it 's always sending X + / - to the PC , causing anything I play to go crazy.This is also a dual mode controller , with the D-Pad configured to also act as a hat control . Normally this would n't pose a problem , unless you 're intending to play MAME or other emulator ROMs on this controller . It 's not an 8-way Directional pad . You 'll find that your common `` Forward , Down , Down-Forward , Button '' movements in fighting games are quite hard to execute.All in all , I 'd say pass this one up , even if the size and weight issues are n't ... uh . issues . . for ya .
 I loved everything about this mouse but there is a known problem with the scroll wheel . Mine rubs and it is not as smooth at times . I suggest looking at the Logitech G5 . If you can handle a cheap scroll wheel that rubs at times , the mouse it great ! I love the feel and size of it . Razors software is excellent as well . If only they corrected this problem before release :-LRB- I will be returning mine .
 Death Adder started acting `` flakey '' after two months , Jumps all over the screen and starts wheel mouse operations by it 's self . Opens and closes web pages by it 's self . I installed latest software and firmware but still acts the same .
 do not buy this product ! at first it worked great ... then after about 15 minutes of use it completely stopped working . windows xp shows it as an unknown usb device . a complete waste of money .
 The mouse broke in 2 hrs of usage . The computer shows it as unknown device after two hours of gaming . I got a G5 which is much better .
 Ordered a Razer Death adder from TigerDirect because my Diamondback recently broke which I absolutely loved . At first I had problems with the drivers -LRB- getting the mouse to detect with razers software -RRB- but eventually fixes those issues when installing in safe mode in WindowsXP . I 'm completely unsatisfied with the DeathAdder because its software acceleration merely switches the original windows `` enhance pointer precision '' on and off which is an absolute lack of quality on razers part . I found moving the mouse slightly in close quarters the cursor sensitivity was too high and when trying to move the cursor from one end of the screen to another the mouse sensitivity was way to low . I 'm a high sensitivity gamer and the deathadder seems like a great mouse for those who `` enjoy picking up and lifting the mouse off of mousepad '' -LRB- repositioning -RRB- during their gaming sessions . I tried as much as possible to tweak the settings of the mouse so that it would run smoothly but it just would n't budge . I was n't comfortable when playing DotA `` Warcraft III '' at all but Counter Strike : Source in close quarters was n't too bad . I also noticed a lot of skipping with the mouse when trying to drag the cursor smoothly across the screen . To test this open up MSPaint or Photoshop and drag a smooth paintbrush across the screen in a circle . You will notice lots of choppy skips and unsmoothe edges , terrible for precision , you do n't want to try and use a sniper in CS with this mouse.Overall I recommend this mouse to any kid who likes low sensitivity mice . But if you love fast mice with ultimate tracking and smooth precision STAY AWAY . I 'm going to order another Diamondback .
 I bought the DeathAdder about a year ago , and it worked marvelously until the left mouse button starting `` sticking '' as if peanut butter was under it or something like that . Then , after I realized that Razer 's support is horrendous and would not be servicing or replacing my mouse at all , I decided to disassemble it to see if I could find what the problem was . And oh man did I find it ... the left mouse button clicker stick that hits the tiny button had snapped off about 1/4 of the way up . I 'm not sure about everyone else , but when I spend 50 dollars on a `` premium mouse , '' I expect it to last more than a year . I will probably be buying the Logitech G9 now , as I had the MX518 for over 3 years and had zero problems . Perhaps I was just unlucky with my mouse 's manufacturing , but then again , a company should stand behind their products , especially if it 's only been about 10 months since the initial purchase . Razer wo n't be getting my money anymore unless they improve their customer service .
 Will only work on the most pristine surfaces , which would be okay , but then it offers no real benefit for gaming . The button count is average , and the size is cumbersome . The manufactured quality is dismal as well - the mouse has the feel of a low-end sweat shop , and is skimpish on materials to the point that you 'll find it sticking to the palm when your desk leaves the desk surface . What a complete waste .
 I know I will be heavily criticized for this review since most on here are positive but I 'm just relaying my honest opinions as objectively as possible here.I owned a Copperhead before I bought this mouse so the weight , thickness and the flatness of the Deathadder were a pretty big difference . This mouse is n't half as nimble as the copperhead because the copperhead has angled edges that allow you to rotate your wrist just slightly when you move the mouse from side to side . It allows you to move the mouse much quicker because you do n't have to lift it off the mat at a totally straight angle . You ca n't do that with the Deathadder because it does n't have angled edges that taper upwards like the Copperhead . It feels very stiff and slow in comparison.The tracking also seemed weird to me . There 's talk about positive acceleration problems on the razer forums so I think this might have been the reason for it . Basically the mouse felt as though I was moving it through some sort of sludge like there was some weird resistance to the movements . I spent a couple of days tweaking different settings but just could n't find any that worked for me . The tracking just feels less precise to me than the copperhead.Problems with the ergonomics
 Great mouse for about 2 weeks . If you are a gamer and log multiple hours on your pc ... pass on this mouse . wheel started to squeak early on , about 2 weeks in . Then it stopped working after a month.Seeing that I only used the mouse for about 1-2 hours every day or two ... the poor quality is unacceptable .
 This mouse would not work after being updated with the software they sent for it . I have had it for three months . I contacted the company and they suggested doing all kinds of different things , try it on different computers and it still does not work . They said the only thing to do would be to exchange it -- no money back . HOWEVER , they keep sending automatic emails and having me fill out forms and never have sent a Return Authorization Number . I am just getting the run around with the company and if you want customer service you better buy somewhere else .
 Like several other reviewers here , the mouse died on me after only about 1 week of usage . It worked fine out of the box , then simply stopped working after a while -LRB- light would n't go on or anything -RRB- . I have owned about 10 various Logitech mice in the past , they have all worked for years on end despite heavy usage . Needless to say I will not be buying another Razer mouse .
 Ok so this mouse is a tough one . I am saying right not it is being returned but not due to it not working or being horrible . It is just not my style . It is a very flat and long mouse so if you are used to Logitech mouse this may not be the one for you . After about an hour of gaming my hand began to cramp . Never happened with my G5 that this replaced . Also i find myself when trying to move the mouse accidentaly clicking buttons and being a gamer this is not a good thing . I just got my G9 today and it is so much better . So if your used to a Logitech and looking for an upgrade go with the new G9 .
 Razer , I am done with your products.This mouse like all their other products have been the best looking and best feeling input equipment I have ever owned . However the reliability of this equipment is horrible . Over the past year alone two of their keyboards and two of their mice have developed hardware flaws preventing their proper function . In the case of this mouse the mouse started to list in an upward direction whenever I would stop motion.Unacceptable performance , even worse customer support . Love the look and feel but for this price the thing needs to actually work .
 Do not purchase any of the items from razer . First of all , when i purchased this mouse it looks and feels very cheaply made . Its like a KINDERGARDEN TOY . At the same time i purchased a keyboard along with the mouse . When i received the keyboard the page down button was not even attached to the keyboard , the clipping was BROKEN and then the W key for the keyboard DID NOT WORK . I asked for a refund sinec i purchased the product through Razer.They made it difficut to refund . The first email i sent out was March 10 , 2010 and now it is March 22 , 2010 and they still have not given me a RMA number after i requested it FIVE TIMES . This is ridiculous . I will be submitting a DISPUTE to the credit card company .
 I bought this to replace my age old Logitech MX500.On the positive side , it is nicely presented with cool packing materials and it tracks very well . The drivers have a cool interface and are easy to use.One of the main reasons I purchased this mouse was the ability to disable `` drift control '' which is commonly known as prediction . In order to do this you have to flash the firmware to version 1.28 . Unfortunately , they have n't released a firmware update utility that is compatible with 64 bit OS 's . Trying to run the updater on Windows 7 x64 resulted in an immediate crash and the mouse freezing until it was unplugged and plugged back in again . Unless you still have a computer running 32 bit Windows you 're SOL for now.The shape just did n't work for me at all . I play with a medium/medium-low sensitivity with one move across my pad as a 180 degree turn . With the Logitech MX series I use a palm grip to move the mouse large distances but also use my fingers to fine tune my aim . The DeathAdder is too large for this to be possible . If you like to use a palm grip exclusively or have very large hands then you will like this mouse , but I could n't aim with the palm/claw hybrid style I like to use and I started getting wrist pain after less than an hour . For reference , my hand is about average in size . With the MX500 I had room to spare and would n't have minded if it were a little bit larger.It is almost impossible to click the DeathAdder 's mouse wheel with your middle finger without changing your hand position . I had to rebind my scope button to Mouse4 in Left 4 Dead 2 because it was simply not possible to use the middle mouse button without moving my trigger finger.I decided to return the DeathAdder and order an MX518 instead . The ability to disable prediction was what made me decide to purchase the mouse over the Logitech initially , but since I ca n't flash the firmware with a 64 bit OS , this feature can not be used on my system .
 The mouse worked for a while then started to malfunction . Dealing with Razer support was a nightmare . Trust me when I say they do not back their products . They will do everything in their power not to replace defective product . Many complaints on product quality . . not worth the money and hassle . Just to give you an example they told me that online purchases are NOT covered under warranty .
 Great looking mose and feels great in hand . Downside is mouse failed after a month and software does not like to coincide with Microsft Outlook and iTunes . I had to reload support software several times during short life of the mouse.I bought the mouse at Amazzon and they do not accept returns after 30 days . Razer seems to also not accept returns.Razer customer support is abismal . They do not seem to want to accept a return of a dead mouse . After a week of hassleing , they still have not agreed to replace but have given me a form to fill out so they can consider what is the correct action . After 2 weeks I still have no idea if they will replace the mouse or if I just have to accept 45 days of life for $ 47 .
 Here is the main point
 This is a middling role-playing game . The plot was OK and it was holding my interest . The game ran too slow on my 3-year old XP machine . It ran OK on my new Vista machine , but got buggier as I got further into the game . I finally had to give up , because the final quest crashed both computers . There are better games out there .
 I bought this for my younger sister , She was unable to play one of the discs recieved . The games themseleves are not the real Carmen Sandiego games , A cheap knock = off of that sort , If not worse . I would recommend spendng the extra $ $ $ on somethng else , since you wo n't get what you ask for or pay for with this game .
 My kids and I were really looking forward to this game , but it wo n't install on anything past osx 9.2 . They should either make a newer version compatible with newer computers , or warn you in bold print that it wo n't work on newer macs .
 I mainly ordered this because of the version of `` Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego '' , only to find out it 's not the version I thought it was . I know this is confusing , but there are 3 version of this game
 it is such a disappointment that the `` Where in the USA is Carmen Sandiego '' disk does not work . As stated in other reviews , it appears to install correctly and even goes as far as giving me my first case , and then shuts down with an unknown error . I have had problems with other `` Where in ... . is Carmen Sandiego '' games as well , and I do n't understand why they ca n't fix the issue . Bummer .
 We were very excited to get this product , but we could n't get it to run on either PC .
 We LOVE the Carmen San Diego games , but have purchased several that seem to install correctly , then do n't work at all.The `` Where in the World '' functions perfectly & my kids LOVE this game . It is fun and educational - the best of both worlds.The `` Where in the USA '' sounds great . It seems to install , then when opened , it locks up at the very beginning of the game . We have purchased several Carmen San Diego games & have found that several of the PC products function exactly as this one does , locking up in the initial stages . : -LRB-
 I made i mistake!I bougth a ntsc game for a pal system console!I never got to play it!don ' t make the same mistake !
 in short i came in the mail , i was super pumped and the game didnt play . extremely disappointing experience . .
 This game sucks . If I wanted to race around and around an oval I would have gotten a NASCAR game . I literally fell asleep playing this game . After about 5 laps there is no point . You just go around and around until you catch up to a car in front of you and then you pass it . The graphics look like something from Sega Dreamcast at best . The sound is okay . I guess you get what you pay for . Save your $ 20 ! Rent this game if you just have see for yourself , but you 've been warned . Do n't be sucker for a low price like I was .
 I 've been burned by Microsoft twice before with Sidewinder joysticks . The first time I bought one was when I had Windows 98 . It was a Sidewinder Pro . Great joystick , plug n play , all that . When I migrated to Windows 2000 , I found that the Sidewinder Pro was not supported -LRB- despite being analog -- you 'd think it would be easy to program drivers for it -RRB- . I thought , `` Okay , maybe there are problems , blah blah blah . '' I then bought a Sidewinder Force Feedback Pro , again , great product , plug n play , all that . Worked great . When I migrated again to Windows XP I found AGAIN it was n't supported by Microsoft . There is NO reason why a company such as Microsoft can not support their own products on their own operating system . I will NEVER buy a Sidewinder again . I ca n't trust them . Buy anything else . I 've had great luck with the Wingman Digital Extreme -- $ 28 at WalMart -- excellent buy !
 Current operating systems will not recognize this unit nor is there any way of installing or using it . Check the dates of the reviews here , most are a decade old.I think this will work on XP if anyone still has that but they were designed for Windows 95 .
 I 've owned a Sidewinder for a little over a year . In that year I have reinstalled the software more than 20 times . It seems that whenever I shut down the computer the device driver vanishes . This last time -LRB- and it will be the last time -RRB- I reinstalled the software and the joystick will still not work . Trying to contact tech support is a nightmare . Bouncing around the microsoft website is a joke . I 've tried everything they have suggested , yet nothing . Acessing online tech support they notify me that tech support for this product is not available in the United States - apparently I flew to asia and purchased this product without my knowledge . The final answer to my question appears to be to not buy any Microsoft products .
 I did not like this game at all . The instuction manual is like the size of a phone book , what is that ? The graphics stink , music stinks , I think it is the worst Eidos ever made .
 I think this is the worst PC game I own . I had bought it from the overpriced electronics boutique when it was new . I have it for like 3 years , and all it does is collect dust on my self . I think that it stinks , if you dont believe me just buy it and see for yourslef how bad this game really is . I have to admit Amazon gives you a better price than I paid . But it is not worth it , the games graphics stink , music is awful , and playability , I must say the worst I have even seen . I would givee it minus -5 stars if their was such a thing . Try something like Unreal or Half-Life instead , they are more fun .
 this game is total ... , I do not like it , sound stinks , playability is worst ever made .
 When I first saw this game on the shelf , it was an immediate ` buy ' for me . I loaded it up with great anticipation and started in . From there the `` fun '' factor plunged . Let me explain.The premise of this game is a 1930 's style town called New Temperance . The game play is actually divided into two phases . The first is hiring your hoods , assigning them as either lieutenants or members of a lieutenant 's team , giving them orders for the up and coming week . When you have completed all of this , you will begin the five day week where you can watch -LRB- and hear -RRB- your orders being carried out . You can also modify your weekly orders to some extent during the work week -- in order to respond to an enemy threat.The game is visually pleasing and is quite amusing to watch one of your gang torch or blow up a business who wo n't pay protection . Of course , other than protection , there are many other illegal rackets you can indulge in . Unfortunately , the manual and the tutorials leave you pretty much on your own to figure these out . It will tell you that you have to buy a `` front '' business after which you can set up your illegal business in the center of the city block that the front is on . Past that , you have to figure it out on your own.After the first couple of weeks -LRB- turns -RRB- , your protection racket begins to fail as business owners refuse to pay . You 'll have to deal with these using force of various levels . Additionally , the three rival gangs will begin to invade your territory and take your `` clients '' away from you . These , too , must be dealt with . Then you add the police and the FBI who will get involved in your affairs if you have too much going on.The game becomes an exercise in frustration as you try to keep your head above water while everything is going to the dogs around you . Maybe I just have n't found the right formula yet.There is no `` sandbox '' scenareo where you can play as the only gang in the city in order to learn the mechanics . And even at the most passive level , the rival gangs will be in your territory within four or so weeks -LRB- turns -RRB- . Add to this the very steep learning curve of the game and what you have is the formula for frustration.I had purchased this game when it first came out and put it on the shelf almost immediately as unplayable . Time has passed and I 've taken it down and tried it several more times -- after all , it is built on a very unique premise and could be a very good game if it just were n't so damned hard to play . Each time I take it down and attempt to play it , it winds up back on the shelf for another few years as my frustration is renewed.Overall I would advise people against buying this particular game . Although the idea is good and possibilites exist for it , it just falls flat in the `` fun department '' . The game will work on a Windows 7 environment , although I have video issues from time to time and have to restart the game to clear them up.Recommendation
 From my memory , this is a fun game . If u like games like command & conquer . But I ca n't get it to play . It says , there is n't enough memory or something , ca n't remember for sure right now exactly . Whatever it was , its impossible , the computer I 'm using has a ton of everything . If someone could let me know whats up , I 'd love to play this game .
 Dont get me wrong . . this is a grrreat game . I had played it earlier and this was just a superb game to play.But be warned . . this will not runn on WINDOWS XP . It runs on Windows 95 and 98 only.So before buying , please ensure that you have windows 95 or 98 . This review is just for this functionality . . otherwise this game just ROCKS .
 I 've had this game for 1 year and have only gotten past the 1st mission using codes . There are 70 + enemies per level , and if the alarm goes off , this can increase to 130 + . The only new weapons are a rifle that can be heard across the entire level , the same useless submachinegun , impractical harpoons , knives , pistols , and unlethal lethal injections . This game is so ... frustrating . It has okay garphics and sound , but the missions are impossible .
 one of the worst games that i have ever tried to play . A complete waste of my twenty dollars . I would n't even give this crap away , I broke up the disk and threw it the garbage . DO NOT buy this game .
 I love Dungeons and Dragons , playing it with two different groups twice a week . I also love handheld tactical games , with some of my favorite handheld games of all times being tactics-style . So when this product was announced , I found myself waiting for it with ` bated breath . And waiting . And waiting.The screenshots and video looked good , the press releases and interviews and previews all seemed to suggest that things were heading in the right direction , a tactics game with great graphics , based around the complex -LRB- and carefully thought out -RRB- 3.5 edition D&D ; rules . Each time it was delayed , I dared to hope that it was because they were taking the time to really get it right.Having now played a good chunk of the game , I think that what was instead happening during the delays was that the development team , overburdened by the complexity of what they had set out to do , was simplifying and reducing , getting rid of stuff that did n't work , dropping features that were too hard to complete , and just generally scaling back the ambitions for the project until its parameters fit within what they had already done , rather than what they had set out to do.It is a reasonably fun game nonetheless . Controlling a party of six adventurers , representing the base D&D ; classes , plus a couple extra psionic ones , is relatively fulfilling . It 's even a decent tactics game in some ways , with the step by step planning of what your characters will do , and the mutual supporting interactions between them . This fundamental enjoyment is what pushes my overall rating of the game up from 1 to 2 star status.But there are two important respects in which it falls very short.First , as a tactics game , the controls are finicky . It 's hard to get a good overview of the situation , in part because the 3D rendering is so intensive that the poor PSP 's responses are jerky rather than smooth . Lighting is also a problem , with the lighting conditions being based on which character is selected , rather than on what lighting pertains overall . This means that if you have a character without a light source of their own , you sometimes ca n't see clearly , even if they 're standing next to two or three other characters with light sources . Area effect spells are hard to position , because some of them cover so many squares that you ca n't see the edges of the selected region.It also lacks any tactical finesse . The scenarios are straightforward , and its really more about using your party 's `` brute force '' capabilities to batter opponents into submission . The computer 's AI does n't take advantage of all the available rules , so the game never really gives you a chance to explore the tactical depth of which those rules are capable.Finally , the menu based controls are complex and slow . Moving equipment from party member to party member is excrutiating , picking options in combat requires you to navigate a multi-level menu tree , and the interface for leveling up manually is so cumbersome they included an `` auto level '' ooption . This will provide a hefty barrier to entry to anyone that just wants to pick up the game and play , and would only be forgivable if the complexity was to support the depth of D&D s ; complicated ruleset.Which it does n't . The second problem with the game is that when they started cutting corners , they began hacking off parts of the rules system that were inconvenient to them , or changing things to work around bugs or missing features they 'd decided to abandon . Here 's what I 've noticed so far : * No multiclassing * Opponents never use the 5 foot step to avoid attacks of opportunity . They always take a `` move '' action , even if they 're only going 5 feet . Spellcasters never `` step back '' to cast spells . * Metamagic feats cause all spells that _ could _ be affected to be affected at all times . So , if you take the `` Widen Spell '' feat , all of your fireballs will have a 40 ' radius . You ca n't turn it off , and it still uses a 3rd level slot . -LRB- Fireball is pretty unusable in the game anyway , since you ca n't tell if it 's going to hit an obstruction and blow up on top of you , but taking widen spell turns it into a spell that you almost never get to cast . -RRB- * Undead are subject to critical hits . * They 're only using a fraction of the possible creature base . I 'm a good chunk of the way in , at 10th level , and I keep encountering the same kinds of creatures again and again . -LRB- werewolves , anyone ? -RRB- . * Burning hands does n't appear to be castable . -LRB- Do n't know why , but it never lets me cast it . -RRB- * Magic missles must all be directed against a single target . * Lightning bolt is a single target spell . * If the character you designate as your `` main '' character dies , combat immediately ends with a `` FAILURE ! '' . Not very D&D - like. ; * No prestige classes . -LRB- see no multiclassing , above . -RRB- * Things stack that should n't . Bracers of Armor stack with armor bonuses , for example . * No secret doors . -LRB- or at least , if there are , I have n't found them . -RRB- * A character moving through an allies square is never subject to an AOO . * Even high skill tumblers ca n't tumble through an opponent 's space . * If you take a full attack action , both attacks end up directed against the same opponent , even if the first hit kills that opponent and there 's another opponent in reach . * No school specialization , so your wizard wo n't have many spells . I recommend a sorcerer , since there are n't a lot of non-combat spells . * A cleric with a weapon in one hand and a shield in the other ca n't cast spells . -LRB- It 's well established in the rules that the cleric can move the weapon to the shield hand in order to allow this . -RRB- * No paladin mount . * Power attack has non-adjustable intensity . -LRB- i.e. you ca n't select how much of it you 're using . -RRB- * You 're not allowed to assist other character 's attacks or ACs . This is a fairly minor rule in regular D&D ; , but since its specifically marketed as a Tactics game , this seems like a strange thing to leave out . * Monsters never have treasure , it 's all in chests scattered about the map . * If you kill the last monster , you never get to open any chests you had n't reached yet . * Turning undead always destroys them , never turns them . * Bardic Music does n't follow the rules for same . It clearly gives allies a bonus , but what bonus exactly is clearly not quite in line with the original rules.I 'm sure there 's more , but its a hodge-podge of rules changes . Some made in order to accomodate the electronic nature of the game , to be sure , but many made just because the developers either did n't understand , or did n't bother to implement , the original rules ' intent.The sad part is , you can see the bones of a much more expansive -LRB- and exciting -RRB- game here , but they just failed to deliver . What 's left is a reasonably fun set of dungeon crawls with a clunky interface.Who knows , handhelds keep growing in power , maybe they 'll get it right next time .
 I like RPG 's , Dungeons and Dragons , and Tactics games ; but I put this game down after about 15 minutes and have n't picked it back up.For one , if you want to roll your own characters , it will take you close to an hour before you even start playing the game . After that , I just do n't find that the D&D ; 3.5 ruleset makes for a good backdrop to make a tactics game . Furthermore , there is inclusion of some D&D ; details that just distract from gameplay.I would be more inclined to think that the D&D ; Miniatures franchise would be more suiting . Are you listening WoTC ? ; -RRB-
 I know . I was there , too . I read all the mediocre reviews . I read the bad ones . Incredibly , once in a while , I found a good one . I thought to myself , `` Could it be true ? Could D&D ; Tactics really suck that bad ? '' The sad , sad answer is `` Yes . `` This game is truly horrible . Blame Atari , or blame Wizards of the Coast , or blame Kuju , or blame yourself for thinking this could be at all decent.Just do n't blame me.I told you not to buy it.Oh , wait , I did n't do that yet.OK , here 's my advice
 Just to give folks a background , I have played D&D ; since the mid 80 's . When I heard a D&D ; game was coming out for the PSP I got really excited , disappointed , excited , disappointed and excited again as the release date kept getting pushed back . As the company pushed the release date back they kept removing cool features like possible expansion packs you could download or multi player with characters you create.I became a bit more hesitant but decided to pick this game up . I knew it was going to have a tactics feel to it , but they still billed it as an RPG . I ca n't believe how wrong that is . There is no world to explore , just a bunch of menu type areas that lead from one battlefield to another . The `` cut scenes '' look and read like they were typed up by 12 year olds , no offense meant to 12 year olds out there , but it 's the closest thing to what this game offers ... Also character movement in this game sucks too . There were many times I tried to move my character around the attack range of mobs and it just wont let you . It has some kind of wierd auto path arrow that seems to have a life of its own when you pick where you want your characters to go.The graphics are sub par to other RPG 's I have played on the PSP . The menu system is probably the worst in this game , clunky and time consuming . When they say there is 40 or so hours of game play for this game they may have been correct . 10 hours of play and 30 hours of using the menu system.The rules for 3.5 D&D ; are followed fairly well but that ca n't cover up the smell of poo this game leaves behind.I guess if you love overly clunky interfaces and pure strategy games this may be for you . If you love a great RPG with true character development and a story line you should really look for something else .
 Now , I have never played tabletop D&D ; and I am not a huge video game advocate either , but I was very stoked about getting this game . I love rpg 's and strategy games so I assumed this would be an excellent buy . I tried , I really tried to like this game but the truth is , it 's no fun . There was no enjoyment in playing this game . It felt like a chore , learning how to play and then generating characters was impossible . The game plays very slow and I could n't quite get the `` hang ' of the controls . I only played the game one time and now it sits in it 's original box in my closet . I wonder if I 'll ever try it again . I prolly wo n't I can still vividly remember the onslaught of extreme depression when I played ; Like I 'd never be happy again . Please do n't buy this game . Save yourself some good time and money . I would only recommend this game is you were masochistic and hated yourself.Your Friend , Sleek Mouse
 On the plus side , it 's Dungeons and Dragons.On the minus side : - It 's dark . Really dark . Not Film Noir dark but hard-to-see dark . Take a look at the screenshots above and you 'll notice that all but one of them is an outdoor encounter . The one indoor shot is full of lava . 75 % of the game takes place in unlit indoor dungeons . Playing the dungeons in daylight places is difficult , even in the shade . Light levels vary between characters , and sometimes do n't follow . Go from a human with a light spell to a dwarf using darkvision and you may or may not be able to see the dwarfs surroundings . It 's difficult to distinguish doors from walls . - Shopping for gear , equipping gear and figuring out how to lighten your load is clunky . What a particular weapon or piece of armor will do is displayed in a column that 's only a couple of words wide , with the numeric information at the bottom . There 's no mechanism for comparing an item in a shop with what your character currently has equipped . - Buffs do n't get displayed . You get an icon over your characters head on screen , but there 's no display for + stats anywhere . Maybe they work , maybe they do n't . Hard to tell . - Very difficult to get started , especially if you do n't save/re-roll/reload each character level to get better hit points . It then gets abruptly easy with some of the upper level spells . - If the one character you chose first -LRB- the one that 's `` you '' -RRB- dies , the game ends . Even if you have a Cleric standing there ready to raise you . - Dungeons shut off on events , if you do n't collect the loot before killing the boss , you missed it .
 It took me a long time to get into this game . The first time I played it I became frustrated trying to move equipment around between characters . The interface is the worst I 've ever seen in a video game . Once you learn how to work around the shortcomings of the interface , you 'll find an enjoyable and fairly challenging strategy game.This game is probably strictly for D&D ; players , though . You wo n't find any spell descriptions in the instruction manual , you 'll need to pull out your Players Handbook , which the game stays true to for the most part.I recommend this game for D&D ; fans who like strategy RPGs .
 I have been waiting so long for a patch for this game , i guess i will have to take it back to amazon and get something else , I liked the game it was an old test of d & d but it locks up when i fight the 4 flying angels . EVERY time . I am stuck there and it shuts the machine right off . anyone else do this ? There are no scratches . i wonder if the game disk is just bad or is it the game in genral ? I never find anyone else online either
 Expect to grind for countless hours if you want to clear bosses . Each act contains six quests -LRB- often overlapping -RRB- and then a final act boss . The act quests are reasonably challenging without being too frustrating , but act bosses will kill you in sometimes one , usually two shots unless you grind for an obscenely long time to get a few levels.Example
 I updated all my computers to Windows XP service pack 3 . I tried play the game after a one year hiatus . the gamefreezes at the start of the level . I have no intentions of buying Diablo 3 . It seems that blizzard is an inferiorcompany compared with the likes of Valve and the makers of the Call of Duty and Gears of War series
 i was given this set as a birthday gift , because I 'd mentioned several years ago I enjoyed MYST . Well , where MYST required thinking and reasoning as your main requirements , this Diablo stuff is mainly a blood and gore kill or be killed game . I am in my early 40 's and apparently lack the eye hand coordination to fight `` monsters '' . I was very disappointed .
 Let me first say that I have played this game before in the past and it is awesome and I love it , I am a big fan of blizzard products and have an unopened copy of everything they have produced , this battlechest edition would complete my collection so I ordered one off amazon , I was not pleased and very far from happy with the product when it arrived ... Product arrived in a thin cardboard box that was smashed , with further scrutiny I examined the product itself and it was in sad shape showing much sign of use , several pages in the book were folded , crumpled the cover was creased and damaged showing signs of wear and age like it had been stuffed in a drawer for a long time , the product box was crushed and would not stay closed and the factory seal where they glue the ends of the box together was coming apart , I am worried about the software and if the disks were scratched as of May 25 , 2012 9:39 pm wednesday I have not checked the disks.To sum up , this item was listed as new but was obviously used and in very bad condition.I will never buy from this seller again and I encourage others to look elswhere for better sellersDo not do business with this personI give this seller 1 star only because I ca n't give a lower rating
 Diablo is pretty fun when you frist start out to paly it , but then once you get on Battle.net things start to go down . Online people get `` rushed '' rushing is where another high lvl charcter takes you though the main quests of the game in a matter of an hour , after that all you have to do is go leach in a game and then you are a lvl 85 charcter . There is no skill at all involved in Diablo , all you do is get rushed and then you but items off of ebay for your charcter , and then you have a very good charcter for a rush and some items off of ebay . Also on Dialo is trading , people trade with each other , except the trading chanell is always flooding so you can not read what people are saying , then when you accualy get to trade with some one they will either try and rip you off , or use a trade hack to steal your items . Hacking is another major problem on Diablo , everyone except the strange few people hack on Diablo , weither it be a Map Hack or another one everyone has one and they ruin the game . The Whole of Diablo 2 witht the expansion has only about 25 quests , when people never do any way because they are always geting rushed . During my Diablo time , I never complated the whole game on my own , and if you ask alot of people that play it they will never have also they will have just gotten rushed and then bought itmes . Scaming is also a bad thing about Diablo , poeple are very desprete for itmes so they will try and scam them out of you . One more thing , Diablo is also very addacting , some times I could not stop my slef from playing it because it was so addaing , while it has no point the game is very addaing . OK enough about the bad things of Diablo , time for the good things
 This game suxs plain and simple.Would do better off chosing something along the lines of Everquest or Dark Age of Camalot .
 This game itself s great , I have played it before and was looking forward to getting this chest when I ordered it . However , for whatever reason the box only had Lord of Destruction , THE EXPANSION ... its basically useless without the actual game so there goes my money -_- .
 So I buy this game thinking it must be good based on the reviews , but what they do n't tell you is that hackers now run the game . In hardcore mode -LRB- where you when you die your character is lost -RRB- hackers use a hack called TPPK which allows them to kill you instantly without even realizing what happened . Another extremely annoying thing is that sites that dupe or hack to create items jump into your games to announce they sell these items for real money and to go to their site to purchase them . Map hacks , dupe hacks , bot hacks , you name it . Blizzard does not care about this game , nor it 's customers that purchased it . Save your money .
 This was an awsome game . i brought this game 3 month ago , i have to admit i had alot of fun with it , and as i begin to become the richest guy of the game on the UsEast Realm . I realize that all the wealth i built are nothing but DUPES . Some unknown noob made a dupe program especially for this game , now the game is getting filled by duped items . the economy is now over flooded with fake items that will probably dissapear shortly after you get them from the others . BOTTOM LINE ! this game was good , now its a crap . but if you just want to be a newbi with this game , then you should buy it . heheheh become expert on this game , it will get REAALLy boring . if you do n't believe me go to www.Youtube.com
 These games are excellent , but Diablo II was released in 2000 , and the expansion was released in 2001 . Diablo I is even older , and that game was little more than a stripped down clone of Rogue -LRB- a free , open source computer RPG -RRB- with some prerendered graphics added and a cheezy story.So in essence , the idea for the game is unoriginal , and the latest content in this package was released 7 years ago , which is fast approaching a decade . Yet , they want us to pay $ 40 for this . I 'm sorry , but that makes absolutely no sense ; at best this entire package could be valued at $ 20 , though in all practicality it could be sold for less than that -LRB- republished as a $ 15 single-disc -RRB- . Blizzard is ripping you off . Show them how you feel by not buying it -- borrow it from a friend .
 could not get the game to work on my computer , I have a Mac . Returned the game
 it was delieverd with no problems . the game was in perfect codition the game and product key worked the expanshion was a pain and the game arived on time .
 Diablo 2 is good to play for the 1st time.There is n't much replay value after 1st time . Even each successive Quest gets more boring because it is a rehashed formula.Quest Formula from secret Blizzard QA research labs : Quest `` abc `` 1 . find and kill x number of small monsters -LRB- or , more accurately , ` wade ' through x number of small monsters -RRB- 2 . meet big monster . kill it3 . receive item to advance to next Quest -LRB- ie . go to step 1 . -RRB- What is amazing is the first time you play it it is fun because it is new and although there seems to be a lot of freedom in what you do , there is really no choice beyond choosing which way to kill a monster . There are no secret doors , environmental hazards like drowning or falling down a pit , traps -LRB- the ` traps ' that do exist subtract some health every now and then < -- that is it is to you after playing through the 1st couple of maps -RRB- , no climbing , no riddles or puzzles , no environment interaction like searching shelves for hidden maps and switches . No mysteries or plot . No pissing in a well to poison it for the other characters -LRB- I mean it seems that way if you listen to the sound effect - it just hase n't been implemented -RRB- . The only other remaining REAL POTENTIAL hinted at in Diablo 1 -LRB- utilizing tactics in battle -RRB- was destroyed because it is not tactical at all . Even in the last Quests the most powerful creatures roaming around are completely not dangerous and fieresome
 This game is the most addicting game known to man . World of Warcraft has addicting reviews , but this game really took ahold of my life . I think I started playing since I was like 17 and stopped finally when I was about 23 . I spent 10 hours a day playing this stupid game at least and some nights I spent all night without sleep playing it . It is a very fun game and I always wanted to get the next good weapon from a Diablo drop or something but I finally gave it up . A very fun game if you know what your limits are .
 The product is supposed to be compatible with Mac OS 10.3.9 or higher . It is only compatible up to 10.6.8 will not work with 10.7 or higher .
 This review is n't based on the game itself , but more as a warning to those looking to play the game on newer machines . I have a brand new gaming laptop , and I ordered this game because it was fun back in the day . However , it has been a nightmare to run on Windows 8 , when it does run . I had to go to the internet and search for workarounds , they worked , sometimes . Its just not worth the hassle . I ordered a newer game instead . Diablo 2 is fun , just not on Windows 8 . I read the same comlaints online about Windows 7 .
 I should have known better than to even try to get a PC game to work , but , alas , I fell for it again and thought I 'd try the classic on my current computers . After spending all the time to install , the game at first would not work on any of our Windows 7 machines . After spending -LRB- wasting -RRB- time online trying to figure out how to adjust the compatibility settings , I adjusted everything and was able to get it running . However , the graphics were full of major color issues , and despite spending -LRB- wasting -RRB- times adjusting the color settings as well , I gave up and threw it away.While this may not reflect on the underlying game , it 's typical of PC games that there are always more issues getting the game to work than actually playing it . If I 'd picked up an old used copy , I may not have the right to say much , but since this is still being sold for $ 20 , new , despite its age -LRB- and it was $ 30 a few weeks ago ! -RRB- , the fact that they could n't be bothered to optimize it so it would simply run on a modern system is unacceptable . Xbox Live sold the version of Crysis that they ported to the 360 for $ 20 , why the hell ca n't Blizzard `` port '' Diablo 2 to a current version of Windows if they 're going to sell it for that amount .
 I bought this to play on a Macbook pro . I have enjoyed this game on PCs in the past . Recent updates to MacOSX -LRB- written Sep. 2008 -RRB- have made the game immediately quit on launch . There does not appear to be an off the shelf fix from either Blizzard or Apple.This is a great game though .
 well the package arrived and was in good shape , was shipped quickly.as for the game there are alot of spots thatdo not show color or show wrongcolors , like in the den . . the floor is green , red blue , white not grey like \ it should be . Dont think they did a very good job of redoing this game , becausethese spots are thoughout the game . Game is still fun . but hard tosee at timebecause of the color splotches.william
 Greeting , friend . Stay a while , and listen ... The original Diablo Battle Chest had Diablo 1 , Diablo 2 , and Lord of Destruction . This is the `` new version '' , and DOES NOT INCLUDE Diablo 1 . Buy the older Battle Chest .
 Only buy this game if it is inexpensive and you are willing to lose your investment . I have installed this game and its patches on 3 different computers with i7 processors and 8-16 Gb RAM . 2 computers have NVidia cards while 1 has a Radeon video card . Regardless of compatibility settings it will not launch .
 Unless you enjoy crack cocaine and other highly addictive substances , this game is not for you ! I do n't know how Blizzard stumbled on the perfect randon-reward system to ensure a large section of the community would never get a tan again , but I wish I had back the 2 solid years of life they stole from me .
 This review is for those who plan to play Diablo 2 off-line and not online . This game has some really serious design flaws . The first being the inability to save when you want . The second being every time you exit the game the monsters repopulate forcing you to replay that area over again and losing an hour of so of your time . Also the storyline wasnt that interesting mostly just hack and slash and I lost interest half way through the game which has never happened before .
 Game was not playable on my system because of limitations in max game resolution . True , you ca n't expect higher resolution from older games ; however , this compilation is being sold in 2009 and should at least include a notice on the outside of the box that the max resolution is 600x800 . I tried to remedy the problem by running in windowed mode ; however the action was then too small to see . Running in full screen , the 800x600 resolution looked absolutely terrible stretched over my 1680x1050 screen . A waste of money , unless you happen to have an older system .
 I used MTV music generator for more than 4 years -LRB- jester interactive -RRB- . It just goes to show that a game title does not mean a thing unless you stick with the original developer . This version -LRB- MTV3 Remix -RRB- sucked from the minute I opened the box . I wasted a lot of money on it and returned after 24 hours . Anyone who has used the MTV music generator -LRB- not MTV Music Generator 2 which was also very weak -RRB- should forget this release and try `` DIGITAL HITZ FACTORY '' -LRB- Jester lost the MTV branding and ventured out with this new title based on the success of MTVMG -RRB- . it has a TONS of really excellent samples and features and for the price , will deliver a much more professonal sounding product , after much practice ... it 's not a kids toy at all , it 's a serious music making platform . Final thought , MTV 3 `` This Is The Remix '' should be avoided if your serious about making real music but considered if you just want to get high and have some fun jammin while buzzed .
 This is a really good game ... In a world where good games are really bad . It would n't be so bad if it retained the name Music generator 2 and just call it a remix . Because that 's basically all you can do that 's worth your trouble . To actually constitute that it 's another game in the series is superfluous because of how the game actually presents itself . I have to say though i did n't really go into detail search on the actual game itself , although , some of the details i read prior to purchasing were misleading . Getting to the point , the game has an elaborate library of riffs but they are separated by artist/genre , which you have to choose at the very beginning of creating `` your own '' composition . The point of continuing a game in a series is to improve upon and to try different things , not to take away features which made it 's previous installments so intriguing . All be it smoother and more user friendly some of the technicalities have been removed ; such as the sample library , which contains all the samples in the game itself . Then from those samples you can edit them fully -LRB- pitch , effect , bevel , etc. . . -RRB- to your liking with the 5 octave key-based palette , which gives you a better opportunity to be original and unique . The riff editor was one of the better features shown in the first two games . The Editor in this game has only one octave and a select few samples to choose from all of which are , from what I 've seen , unchangeable as far as the actual sample is concerned . There is a WAV edit section but it 's not as elaborate as the one in 2 . Although somewhat minuscule it was still a crucial feature to me being as I like to make all the riffs in my songs . Although if you would like to remix your favorite Pop , Rap , or techno song of their choosing i recommend this game . The game itself is n't that bad i just wished it was more like the second because of the afore mentioned complaints . Mainly , the only thing is their is no library of all the samples and that was the beauty of it . Sometimes i have no idea what i 'm going to do until i hear some samples and then things just come to me , so the choose a genre first addition does n't really please me . Supposedly you can record around 8 seconds per wav from your own Cd provided it 's audio , which is a good idea but it 's almost not worth it if i ca n't fully obtain and edit riffs to max out the production . I guess i just feel im doing a mediocre job given only a portion of what the game has to offer , especially compared to the second generator . Of course it 's smooth and everthing fits together but there 's only so many options you can do . Well I guess I 'm through venting on the subject i just wanted to let people know . It 's an alright game for the remix meisters out there but i recommend the second over the third personally. : : opinion :
 OK for starters this game was terrable . The story completly doesnt ' t make sence . it took pheonixes name and smashed it it got rid of the great characters the first 3 had and replaced them with substandard ones . the game play was not as good as the first too either . . bring back the psyce lock . sometimes it is better to stick too a format when it works rather than changing things up just for the sake of changing them
 Apollo Jusice
 The first MTV Music Generator for the PS1 was a good tool for putting together original music in just about any musical style . You could choose from rock , techno , I think industrial , as well as quite a few others . Its only limitation was the wee little memory cards that were used with the PS1 . So after the XBox came out with its 6 gig hard drive , I traded both my PS1 and PS2 for a bag of magic beans and have n't really looked back since . -LRB- Because of the memory limitations of the first , I never tried the MTV MG2 for the PS2 . -RRB- Where the MG1 had many styles to choose from , the MG3 has 10 bands to choose from.Snoop Dogg . OutKast . Sean Paul . Carl Cox . Fabolous . The Ones . DJ Marky . Mike Koglin . Krafty Kuts . R4 . -LRB- Who ARE these people ??? -RRB- This program kind of comes across as a big advertisement for these bands . You can remix their songs and create your own songs based on their style of music . All I really wanted was to just have some rock/metal drum tracks to accompany my guitar . But since MTV has tried its best over the past decade to kill rock and metal in favor of the flavor of the month product , it should come as no surprise that the hard stuff was omitted from this program . So if you like any of the `` artists '' I listed , then this might be the program for you.The MG3 is only $ 30 and does have some decent tools like an editor and `` beat box '' , which is nice as I will probably just end up using it as a cheap drum machine anyway . This product might be right for the exposed boxer-shorts crowd , but it was n't right for me . I would have rather picked up a cheap used PS1 with a bunch of memory cards and fired up the old MTV Music Generator 1 . I actually find it funny that MTV would make a music generator , so it does n't surprise me that they would put their name on a flawed one . I did half expect to pop the disk in and have it actually be a MTV Reality TV Generator .
 the first thing to note about music generator 3 is that jester interactive did not make this so do not expect the title to be on the same engine as mg-1 or mg-2 . with that being said this game can hardly compare to either of the first two . if codemasters had made mg-2 and added a couple hundred more riffs and samples this would have been a phenomenal title.the biggest flaw with this title is that even though there are more riffs and samples than the previous installments they have been segregated by styles of music ... so rather than having a huge library of riffs and samples to create from you get a couple of hundred for each style with no crossover ... example , ... if you choose to make a song in trance style you ca n't go over to rap and check out drum loops for your song . your stuck with what in `` trance style '' or what ever style you have chosen.this severly stiffles any creative process you might have dreamt of and makes this more of puzzle game , as in `` WE HAVE BROKEN APART 4 SONGS SEE IF YOU CAN PUT THEM BACK TOGETHER `` do n't let the price fool you its not worth it
 I was expecting so much more from this installment of MTV Music Generator . I even bought it at almost full price the day it hit stores . I ca n't wait to sell it . This is by far the worst one . You do n't even start off with your own song . You have to either rip from a CD or edit the current track with limited sounds and riffs . I still get most of my mileage out of MG2 and some out of MG1 . This is terrible after 6 minutes of experimentation . Stick to the basics , Codemasters .
 Now granted we did get this used but the reason we bought it was bc my boyfriends game had stopped working . Then when he started playing this one it did the same thing . It must be in how they made the game bc it has happened with several .
 Come on people . Seriously , this game sucks , for numerous reasons!The only thing thats good about it is the fluent movement , thats it . - You ca n't effectively work your big man in the post - You ca n't make a freakin jumpshot ! -- I played an entire game with the Suns , and I only made 2 out of about 35 ! Come on !! - The players look weird -- When Boston 's SG West went to the line to shoot free throws , I got scared as all hell . He looked like a zombie on crack . . -LRB- imagine that for a sec -RRB- . - There is no stand alone button for dribble moves -LRB- spins , crossovers , etc. . -RRB- - You ca n't break anyone down and drive to the bucket -LRB- this is impossible -RRB- -- When i 'm Iverson , and i 'm being guarded by shaq , I would be able to get around him ... Wrong , Wrong on this game Shaq beat me to every step , and i could n't get around him to save my life !! Crazy!Ok , we all hate NBA Live . Lets not get to worked up over a game thats a little better than Live . Frankly , i prefer Live . All that game needs is better camera angles , and it would be a pretty good game.Please do n't get this game if you value a dollar ! Rent it and you 'll see.negative 5 stars for me !
 When I went to the store , the first thing that caught my eye was the good looking $ 30 price tag . I then looked over and saw that nba live o7 was asking for $ 50 . Well I considered being non-frugile and just grabbing the nba live , since I do have nba live 04 ' and it scored as one of my favorite games I have ever played . But then I thought about it and I really hadnt ever played a 2k nba game and that price tag did look awfully nice . So i went with 2k7 . Mistake ? In my oppinion Definitely . As I started playing I was quickly captured by the great game modes and how each player had a live picture of him when you went for the fantasy draft . I also found all the extra modes like `` situation '' and `` street '' to be a great idea and i was excited to dive headfirst into this `` amazing '' game . But then the game actually started . After an amazingly realistic and fun pre game announcement and comparison , I started with excitement . Then I got the ball of the jump and found that my player was slow and unreceptive . I quickly passed the ball to the best player in the nbs -LRB- lebron james of course -RRB- and to my astonishment even he was sluggish and had a terrible wide open 15 foot jump shot . I got back on d when they grabbed the rebound and as soon as i went for the steal I got a foul . I went for another steal ... another foul . Everytime i went to steal the ball was an instant foul no matter how I approached it . This horrifying gameplay went on for about 20 minutes until i got dead tired of it and opened the cd drive and yanked it outta there and threw in nbs live 04 . needless to say the rest of my evening was very enjoyable and nba 2k7 still sits on my shelf to collect dust . hey , it makes a good paper weight at the very least . do yourself a favor and GO WITH LIVEOk to finish up , here are my ratings on a sclae of 1-10 : Graphics :10 - outstanding realistic playersStoryline : _ - since when was there a storyline in a basketball game?Gameplay :1 - if i had the choice of playing that game again or getting kicked in the crotch i would actually have to think about itSound :7 - decent sountrack and you can use custom soundtracksOverall :5 - I would not reccomend this game to anyone . go with live .
 I eagerly awaited f1 2000 , but when I finally got it I was incredibly disapointed . The graphics are stunning , and the track scenery is incredibly detailed and immersive . But even that ca n't save this game from being a hit . This game suffers from incredibly low frame-rates , so bad that I could only play this game in `` test day '' , when there are no other cars on the track . When you play a normal grand prix with 21 other cars on the grid , this game crawls along so badly its unplayable ! This game needs a very powerful computer to run , so take the recommended requirements as shown on the box -LRB- PII 450 , 128 mb ram -RRB- as the BARE MINIMUM . I 'm running a PIII 450 , 128 mb ram , and a geforce card and this game still chugs along at a jittery snails pace . F1 2000 does give you the options of turning off effects and scenery , but when you want to race against other cars with decent frame rates expect to compromise on visuals generously . My advice
 i bought this game because it offered the first chance to see and drive the new indy f1 track . the track is interesting and flat as a pancake with a bunch of switchbacks . as far as the actual game goes , i was disappointed to find out the f1 2000 graphics do not campare to any of the need for speed games by electronic arts . i expected more , it 's not great , its just ok .
 After a year of playing EIDOS ' '98 Formula 1 this was a sad disappointment . Game play is not as responsive as Eidos , and fails in comparison . Steering and braking sensitivity was n't easily adjusted . I would suggest holding out for the new version from Eidos . Even an unimprovemed '99 version from Eidos would be better than this .
 After playing a demo of F1 World of garnd prix by EIDOS -LRB- recomended -RRB- , I made the mistake and bought this EA Sporst F1 2000 game , I found out that altough EA sports made a lot of work with the exact cars drivers and circuits but the game is very unrealistic ! the sound is horrible ! also the forcefeedback is very low , and driving with my Logitech formula steering wheel was annoying , -LRB- This steering wheel is excellent with some other games -RRB- . Anyway if your a F1 fan find out another game !
 Like everyone else who bought this game , I was looking foward to the new tracks , realistic pit stops , better graphics , and better engine notes -LRB- or ` realistic back-fire noises ' as EA puts it -RRB- . Please.For starters , this game will run on .01 % of all home PC 's . I had to do a $ 300 upgrade my computer , and it still did n't run like it was supposed to.As a Formula One enthusiast , this was the biggest dissapointment , especially from the company that brought us Need for Speed . The sounds sounded like a bad early 90 's driving sim game , the cockpit view was n't as realisitic , and like all other formula one games , it lacks pit stop action.EA , please do your homework again and try to get it right . It totally misses the mark .
 This game looks good , but does n't play well . After playing EIDOS 's Official Formula 1 Racing , this game does n't even compete -LRB- and OF1R is two years old -RRB- ! Whether you like super realistic or arcade style sims , F1 2000 is n't what you 're looking for . Hold out for EIDOS 's Formula 1 World Grand Prix , or just get Official Formula 1 Racing .
 I played a better F1 game back in 1995 . First I thought it 's some kinda joke . Everything sucks in this game , graphics are like out of 1990 ` ies . If you wan na spend your money , do it elsewhere . I really regret that I bought this `` game '' .
 Well , in a nutshell this is the reason I went out and bought a new system . -LRB- AMD 750 , Voodoo 5/5500 -RRB- . The game is sluggish even on my new machine . The game will not recognize my Video Card for Glide Support , which was detected on my older Voodoo 3/3000 . There is no rain , and if you over-rev the engine It does not blow up . Everything else is great , the graphics are top-notch , the engine sounds are a litte weak , and the sim-factor is too-realistic -LRB- but fun -RRB- . This game will not run well on anything slower than a P3 or a Athlon with a spendy 3d card and 128Mb of RAM . If you have the Horsepower , it should be a fun game . If you dont , It will just frustrate you .
 This has to be one of the biggest disappointments this year ! I like and play simulation games alot . This smacks of being rushed to the market before it was finished . The graphics are bad , especially compared to superbike 2000 . The external car view does not handle like a car at all . The internal view is lamentable in its cartoon quality -LRB- just look at those big tyres -RRB- . The game is so resource hungry that the pIII 500 128 Mb Geforce 256 ddr I have is way too wimpy to even attempt to run this . The sensitivity settings change themselves from run to run . There are no weather effects ? ! Yeah like it never rains at the British GP . Bloody pissed down this year . The force feedback is woeful in its absence and reality most of the time . The game crashes repeatedly -LRB- especially if you even touch another car or clip the fence -RRB- , even after a fresh os install . This should have been finished first and left for 12 months before release to allow the hardware to catch up , and to iron out the immense amount of bugs . This is just one rushed rip off . DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP , wait for Crammonds coming effort -LRB- if it ever gets released -RRB- . Do not believe any of the positive reviews here , they must be ea sport employees . 1 out of five and that is being way too generous ! There is no option for zero . This package is ` not fit for purpose intended ' and will be going back to the store for a refund . I have tried everything to get this to run with out crashing -LRB- three weeks of boot disks , cancelling other background programs , changing card drivers , disabling acceleration , you name it , I have tried it , every extensive ` work-a-round ' from ea sports but it just will not play ball . I feel like charging them for beta testing this crap !
 Do not , I repeat , DO NOT waste your money on this game UNLESS you have a computer that runs faster than 450mhz , has better than a 3Dfx Voodoo 4 4500 video card , and has more than 128mb of RAM . Because that 's exactly what I have , and I have to turn all the graphic settings down so low the sky and grandstands are just black , the track is solid grey , and the cars would hardly give an Atari 2600 a run for it 's money for it to run even somewhat smoothly . ` NASCAR Heat ' has 5-times better graphics , better controls , better EVERYTHING ... and runs like a dream on my computer with all the settings at their highest !!!
 Ca n't get the ball or Tiger Woods to show up , only the very top of his head . EA Sports tech support has n't answered me back for a fix . There are better golf games out there .
 IF YOU HAVE AN EXTRA FIFTY BUCKS AND WAN NA BUY A GOOD GOLF GAME THIS CERTAINLY IS NOT IT . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND BUY LINKS 2001
 Tiger Woods 2000 is a waste of money , the game is just to hard unless you hit it perfectly it will go a mile right or a mile left ! Do n't waste your money on this game !
 I adored this game a decade ago , but found it shockingly horrible today . You ca n't go home again , and I strongly suggest you do n't if you have fond memories of this game as I did .
 I personally feel that the game deserves 5 stars and that it is a great successor to Need For Speed 3 and 4 . HOWEVER , there is one design flaw that wo n't allow gamers to enjoy the game to its full extent . Most of the cars and tracks are locked and the only way to access them is to go through a very challenging Evolution mode . So , if you think you 'll buy this game and take a 911 Turbo for a spin , you are in for a sad surprise .
 No W2K support - no play !
 Not supported on NT , 2000 and XP - useless for me . Great game , tried it on W2K pro , but it randomly resets itself , corrupts player data ... not fun to lose several hours .
 To start out skip this game . Yes it looks great and the graphics are some of the best , but this game lacks the fun that the last version had . There are only four tracks to race . Yes there are lots of porsches to choose from , but the lack of tracks , different races and the missing pursuits is this games downfall . Who wants to drive one of the best cars in the world on these lame tracks and never get to fell the real speed of the game . If you want a better driving game go with driver or super bike 2001 or 2000 . These are some of the best looking and best driving games , because of the number of tracks , graphics and just plain fun to drive . Once again skip Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed .
 I 'll probably be one of the few people who trash this title but I 've got to speak my mind . I 'll warn anyone who has a geforce card to stay clear for a while . The read me file makes reference to the fact that there is some instability with older drivers of this video card . Well I have the latest drivers and I still can not complete ONE race without a complete system lockup ! The graphics are outstanding but I have another big gripe here . The `` Newer more realistic physics '' of the came cause the car to bounce up and down constantly and if you are prone to motion sickness get ready for a major headache . I have not found a way to turn this off , but that does n't mean it does n't exist . I am a HUGE fan of the NFS series but this is one major dissappointment so far . I hope you have better luck .
 It teases you with great courses -LRB- not enough of them , what about the autobahn guys ? -RRB- , good graphics and some of the cars I was hoping for . Unfortunately it does n't matter that the courses look cool and you 're in a great car because they got it all wrong . The fatal flaw with the game is the horrible handling . I have driven Porsches and , although you can let off the gas at the wrong point in a turn and put it backwards through a hedge , they are the best handling cars ever made . And that balogna that you have to know how to drive them is so wrong . The 911 is the one car made that you can pretty much put you foot down and hang on . The lack of traction makes this game unrealistic and unplayable . And it 's too bad Because I loved `` Hot Pursuit '' . They could at least have the car tuning section like in other NFS . I guess if you like ice racing this game is for you .
 My kids have been BIG fans of the Need For Speed series so I leaped at the chance to purchase Porsche Unleashed . Unfortunately , this one has probably the worst human interface of any software I have ever purchased . The pull-down menus are hidden behind other -LRB- evidently higher-order -RRB- screen items and hence unusable . The opening screen -LRB- which is supposed to let you select your driving persona and establish your named account -RRB- was totally hidden behind one such `` radar plot '' in the middle of the screen . After much blind mouse-clicking to locate the hidden controls I was able to proceed to getting lost in the `` Options '' setup ... from which there is no apparent escape other than exiting the game.All of this , of course , is assuming that the fault is not that of my industry-standard 300MHz HP computer . As a customer , however , I expect these kinds of products to work first-time , every-time on standard hardware ... inadequate testing ? . This product is definitely not up to Electronic Art 's usually excellent level of quality .
 I bought this game to run on my laptop . Unfortunately I do n't have a video card that will run Accelerated 3D graphics so the game will not run at all . So it seems to be a great game from the other reviews but make sure you 're system will cope .
 The game itself seems to be pretty good , but my pc locks up way too often right in the middle of a race ... very frustrating !! And I have a brand new 950MHz NVida HP , so I know it 's not my pc 's problem . But even if it did n't lock up , I do n't think it 's as good as NFS III . The tracks are n't as challenging , and the other race cars do n't challenge you as well . The Porshe cars are cool , and the graphics good , but the fact that it locks up my pc and I have to reboot every ten minutes is rediculous . I just bought the game 10 days ago and I 've already given up on it . Do n't waste your money .
 I have not been able to load this on my computer which is new . Would cost me more to send it back .
 What a waste of my hard earned money!I have been a long-time fan of the Tomb Raider games until the previous one and this one . The so-called user manual that comes with this game is useless . Having to engage in game play during a cutscene is just plain stupid . Additionally , the movement is not the same as the earlier games , which makes it even more difficult to move around without falling off of a ledge . No where in the manual does it say you have to jump when using the grapple ; I figured that much out on my own . Oh , and what is the point of having the ability to save a game when it only takes you back to your last checkpoint ? What happened to the shortcuts for saving games ?? Why should I have to escape out of the game every time I want to save it ?? Why can she carry only three health packs ?? Even worse , the guide that I bought , by piggyback interactive , does not explain how to play the game on a PC ; only game consoles . In case they have n't figured it out yet , not everyone owns or wants a game console.I am not at all impressed with the developers or development of this game . If this is a port over from the game consoles , then the developers did a sorry job.I am through buying these games . They can come out with five more and I 'd take my money elsewhere ; I would encourage others to do the same . This game , like the previous game , is going on my shelf to collect dust . Both are so bad I do n't even want to give them to anyone , much less try to sell them to anyone.Eidos could take some pointers from Microsoft when it comes to developing games .
 I have played every TR game that was made for the PC , and this is by far the worst of them all - even Angel of Darkness if that was possible . I am sure I would have a better chance of flying a Learjet than playing this worthless game . What a shame . I am amazed that after all the complaints of the controls from Angel of Darkness , they decided to alter the original controls MORE !!! The old controls that actually made sense are now completely gone . The interaction you used to have with Laura -LRB- like having control over her grabbing a ledge , fine movements turning in a direction , side-stepping left or right , and many more ... -RRB- are now gone . I 've just bought a new hard plastic frisbe.If you were waiting for the return of the old Laura , do not buy this game !! Make sure you find a way to play it before you think about buying . I have a feeling this will be the end of Laura 's legacy after screwing over so many of us who gave Eidos a second chance . If the controls of the old Laura do not come back , I will never buy another TR game .
 JeSUS ! Who designed the control system for this game ? Anybody?It looks pretty , I 'm sure it 's even interesting , but you find yourself repeating parts over and over and OVER again so often because the control system is so cock-eyed that it sucks any fun out of it that you might have been having!And the camera sticks to the reverse angle so many times that you have no idea where you 're running to ! Congratulations Eidos , you 've created the first Second Person shooter ! Experience everything from the point of view of the target !
 The graphics in this game are great . They have made a lot of progress in the controls but the PC controls are very very poor ! The grapple control is completely impossible to aim !!! The camera angles are frustrating . You end up looking at the back of Lara 's head when you want to look at where you are trying to go . I love the tomb raider series but this is a disappointment .
 Judging by the other reviews , I am one of the very few people with no previous TR exposure whatsoever . Yet I was attracted to this game by the great reviews . I bought the game , hoping to partake in the hype.Boy was I in for a disappointment.The game looks neat , it has great music and gfx , and probably also has a good story line . From what little I have seen -LRB- of Bolivia -RRB- , Lara is cool , witty , sexy , and * should * be fun to move around . If only that was an option.It is not because the controls are a NIGHTMARE . It is a complete myth to me how in 2006 A.D. a third person view can be so utterly useless . There have been games out there in third person perspective for ages , such as the venerable Oni or Max Payne . Oni just works , because there is no `` camera '' that is independent of the character 's movement . The mouse moves Konoko -LRB- the main character in Oni -RRB- and the view at the same time . The direction keys do n't * turn * Konoko , the make her * strafe * . You turn her with the mouse , on the spot and on the move alike . No frills , but it does the trick perfectly.In TRL , the camera NEVER works the way you expect it to . What it does is showing you Lara , smack in the middle , and mostly her back or ... yeah , the butt . If you turn her around , all you get is ... the front side of her . If you want to see what 's behind her , you have to move the mouse 180 degrees around , but then again be prepared for sluggish mouse movement , which if you 're lucky gives you some angle , unless you have her standing in front of objects -LRB- such as walls , rocks , or vines , of which Bolivia is full -RRB- . Then the camera can not get away from her , because you can not see through finger-thick vines , alright . Instead you get Lara again , or rather part of her , full-screen . My right hand joint started hurting after one evening of fruitless effort acquainting myself with the camera . I am a hard-core UT2K4 player , believe me , I know when joints * should * start hurting , and it 's not after fifteen minutes into a game.The camera movement * might * be bearable if this was a non-action title . Alas , it is not -LRB- and would n't be TR if it was -RRB- . In fight scenes , I constantly ended up looking at Lara 's back of head sitting square between me -LRB- the camera -RRB- and the enemy . Utterly frustrating.I understand that some people do manage to play the game regardless of the control issues . I envy them . I also see that many other people are just as annoyed as I am . The * least * I would expect of a high-class game such as TRL is that you have * options * which let you adjust controls . All the more so since apparently the controls have been a major issue in previous games as well as during development of this game . It is beyond comprehension how Eidos -LRB- or Crystal Dynamics -RRB- could fail to incorporate an optional Oni-style link between movement and view , if not do away with the useless camera idea altogether.What a pitty . This could have been a great experience . What I have left on my machine of TRL now is an mp3 with the main theme , available for free from a fansite .
 I owned the original Tomb Raider and played it with great wonder and satisfaction on a Pentium 1 & Voodoo 1 video card . Man those were the days -LRB- for Lara -RRB- . This new game , while no doubt good to great on other platforms , has a serious flaw for PC users . Keyboard control of Lara is shameful . I spent six hours trying to get her to do what I wanted her to do without much luck . I press the forward key and she instantly turns left and runs off a cliff . Every time I tried to move straight ahead she turned left to walk or run 90 * away from the direction I intended . There apparently is no more strafing left or right either which is limiting . Why could n't they have kept the original 's control functions -LRB- which were fine -RRB- ? I could n't even get her to turn left or right without trying to walk or run.I suppose I should have given the game more time but after 6 hours of movement madness I have decided to uninstall this 9 gig game . You 'd think with 9 gigabytes worth of game they would have ... well , you get the idea . After trying to figure out the strange movement issues I went online and found many other people with the same complaint , but strangely a lot think it is fine . I suppose this is an indication that there is some type of setup , workaround , or patch that works . I may do some more digging before uninstalling after all , but I should n't have to . Beware ...
 I wanted to like TR
 i made this impulse buy thinking it would live up to , if not , be a successor to the ps1 console game i used to play some 10 years ago . after playing a few levels in , i 'm finding myself very annoyed with the lack of control i have over lara 's movement . more specifically because of the free-to-move-against-player 's - will camera angles.to further elaborate on that , the camera 's position dictates the direction that lara moves in . so for example if you 're having lara pull a box toward a wall , the camera angle will change if the camera gets too close to the wall , then lara ends up pulling the box in a different direction , if not starts to rotate the box instead . i 'm shocked that this flaw in gameplay was allowed to be released.multiply that by the voice actor tracks that repeat itself each time you clumsily fail between checkpoints , it throws more salt on the wound.whoa , did you see that thing that flew out the door just now ?? i 'm pretty sure that was the REPLAY VALUE !
 I am a huge Tomb Raider fan . With all the previous games under my belt , I went out the day this game came out and paid full price for it . What did I get for my $ 42.89 ? A nearly uncontrollable marionette . The two things that attracted me so strongly to the Tomb Raider series was the exploration aspect , -LRB- yeah , I do n't get out much , -RRB- and I liked that from the moment you started the game YOU were Lara Croft . The up key meant Lara went forward , the left key was always her left , no matter the camera angle . With Legends , they completely remapped her controls , and now , you are the camera . What fun is that ? All of a sudden , moves that were simple in all the other games got me killed over and over and over . How do you jump forward , then do a backward flip when the camera , along with all your directional controls swing around twice during the maneuver ? I think I made it one checkpoint , and lost interest . I would love to play the game , but the controls are far too frustrating . I can only hope in the future they add the option to use the tradition game controls .
 I really think that new PC controls are really a bad idea and I hope Eidos comes up with a patch that can restore to traditional controls . It is important to remember that controlling camera angles using a mouse only works for some games but for TRs .
 Unless you have mad button pushing skills , skip this game . It 's an excellent return to clasic Tomb Raider form ... like TR III the save system ensures that you will hit some obstical that you will do over and over and over and over and over again until you are ripping your hair out with frustration .
 DO NOT buy this game until you download the demo from somewhere and try it out . If you have the wrong graphics card , or are not completely sure your graphics card is up to date as of tomorrow , test first . Otherwise , like me , you end up with a useless game which will not even start up . Even driver updates to my card would not get this game to work . And I can not return it or I would loose 50 % , shipping back , as well as repaying super saver shipping . What a waste !
 I am a fan of the TR series , but this game is absolutely HORRIBLE !! The controls are terrible , and you spend alot of time looking at the back of her ponytail ! You can not adjust the camera angles and the controls are VERY sluggish and I have a Bad-A machine with the latest hardware . The puzzles are almost impossible to solve unless your timing is A-1 PERFECT !!! Once you pass the introductory level , the game is short and is over before you know it . If you must buy this game , wait awhile until it goes on sale , unless you just have money to waste ! EDIOS needs to get it 's act together if they have a sequel because it ca n't get much worse !
 I was at first very impressed with the great graphics , and the interaction with the beautiful scenery.But the main problem with this game is the 3rd person camera view . You are stuck with it . After an hour of playing I got tired of the unreliable camera angles . So many times , you try to make your character -LRB- Lora -RRB- make certain smart moves , only to wind up with the dumb camera engine deciding that it is best for to view a close-up of Lora 's hair . I only wish that was a joke . Other times , it is ok , but only because I 'm a guy . For example , I 'll figure out a puzzle then almost complete it when the dumb camera engine decides that it is best to view a close-up of Lora 's -LSB- ... -RSB- . Yeah , it 's a nice one , but it ruins the flow of the game.I hope next time they give a first person camera engine to this game.BY THE WAY
 With games like Half-Life , Fear and Far Cry out there , TR-L just can not compete . For God Sakes , upgrade the graphics engine ! This game look little differnt than all the previous ones . And the controls are God awful too .
 i played this demo and at first , everything is wonderful ... graphics ? amazing . lara ? hot . controls ? great , and a great interactive tutorial . but then i get to this place where you push a rock on top of a branch . i tried a million times to climb to the top of this branch , but i ca n't because of this branch on it sticking out in the way . i 'm certain this branch must be the way . why else would it be sticking up far in the air ? i even uninstall the demo out of frustration . i download it again later and try again . . then it hits me - i 'm not supposed to climb to the top of this stupid branch ! it 's there for no reason at all ! i 'm supposed to just use my whip from the rock next to it ! oh my god ! what are these game makers thinking ? do they want to put useless branches in the way and make me this frustrated ?? so i get past that part , and i come to a part where you run across a trap . . ok that 's fine , but then when i run past it , i go out the other door and i end up somehow coming out the door i just came in , like some weird kind of time warp !!! what the hell ???? i try different ways to get out of this part but ca n't find a way out . is this some incredibly weird bug , or what ? i do n't know , but if this game is this frustrating in the first 5 minutes , i can only imagine what it 's like later on . also , while the graphics and gameplay are amazing , what 's so special about a game where everything must be totally linear and laid-out for you anyway ? come on , tomb raider . .
 This is by far the worst in the Tomb Raider series . The controls are impossible and the action lame . The ` auto sight ' for targeting never seems to work even if you 're right on top of an assailant . It seems the designers tried to make the game more ` Movie ' like and forgot that it 's just a game . It 's supposed to be fun not laborious . The controls for fighting are more frustrating than fun . The designers should go back to what works and modify the character and action from Tomb Raider Revelation .
 Just wanted to point out that even though the description for this game says it works with Win95 , 98 and ME , it does not work with ME . At all . It doesnt crash lots or run slow under Millenium , it just does not work at all .
 If you luck out and have a system that runs Shogun without any problems , it is one of the most beautiful wargames ever made . The graphics are amazing , showing you armies of thousands of soldiers moving over super-realistic terrain , with real weather that actually effects the game play . You can see lightning in the distance , or watch flights of arrows swerve to one side in a strong gust of wind . The AI seems to be great as well.Unfortunately , chances are very good that the game wo n't run for you . It takes up a lot - A WHOLE LOT - of memory , and has major compatibility problems with most graphics cards . And while it can run with software acceleration as well , it is n't anywhere near as nice in this mode . I 've worked over every configurable parameter my system has to try and get this work of art to run , and worked together with the game 's technical forum to try and solve this issue . No good . In fact , those forums are full of people with the same problems . nVidia cards in particular do not seem to work with this game , even after two patches .
 Happily , I did n't buy this game , but had a look when my brother brought it to my house . The highlight that most people talk about -LRB- brilliant 3D terrain -RRB- just did not happen . I have a pretty new computer -LRB- PIII 550Mhz , Windows 98 -RRB- , and even after updating my monitor drivers , the battle sequences just display a pile of rubbish ! When you use the ` software ' drivers the terrain appears , but the response is SLOW - completely unusable . From a game my brother raved about , I got only disappointment
 I have a pentium 2 400mhz with a riva tnt2 vidio card . I cant get the game to work . Neither can my friends who have twice the computer I have . The demo was great , but this game is a heartbreaking letdown .
 Shogun looks stunning . But it has a user interface from hell . As you are struggling with camera viewpoints and group commands and battle formations the AI is charging you . Obviously the AI has not to struggle as much as you do . The battle tactics of the AI are very good , so you are slashed and diced into sushi before you know it . The soldiers are blurry and all have the same color . The devolpers should have looked at the classic Total Annihilation before they made Total War . One star for the AI and battle ground graphics .
 This is not such a bad game , it has some good intentions but the bugs and incompatibility problems make it unplayable for some people , plus there are quite a few good games to buy out there today so dont waste your money on this one . To add some credibility to my statement I 'll say that I 'm 23 years old and I 've played games all my life from board games , pc nes , super nes , nes 64 and playstation and even dominoes . This is not a good one , I returned it the next day and got AOEII , and this one is good -LRB- microsoft should stop making os 's and office and take game making seriously -RRB- . I do n't value a pc game for its graphics and sound , and specially today , where all new games have great graphics -LRB- I would give shogun 4 stars in graphics and 5 in sound -RRB- , if you dont agree , try playing again final fantasy -LRB- 1 -RRB- or quest for glory or pool of radiance or even your old version of tie fighter -LRB- one of the best ever made -RRB- . Well , enough talking for now and lets go to the game review :1 -RRB- incompatibility
 I 'm quite surprised to see the high regard with which people hold this game ... especially , I 'm surprised to read through these reviews and find how many people detail the game 's significant shortcomings and then proceed to give it 4 or 5 stars.Unlike many of the proponents of this game , 1 -RRB- I have n't been fascinated by feudal Japan since I was 4 years old 2 -RRB- I never read Shogun -LRB- the book -RRB- 3 -RRB- I 'm indifferent about the mini-series 4 -RRB- I do not own a reproduction of an authentic Samuri sword 5 -RRB- I study no marial arts 6 -RRB- I belong to no Japanese animation interest group . In other words , I only purchased the game because it looked like it might actually be fun to play.Evenso , I wanted this game to be a great game . The idea is terrific ... strategy as in Risk and combat tactics like Myth combined into one game ! But wanting this game to be great does n't make it so . It was a nice attempt , but it just does n't deliver.My primary complaints about the game are in four important areas ; 1 -RRB- steep learning curve , 2 -RRB- lack of control of the units during combat , 3 -RRB- poor user interface , and 4 -RRB- very poor manual.Steep learning curve - there is a very significant ramp-up needed to get to a skill level high enough to actually succeed in anything . Plan on spending many , many hours of total frustration before you start to get the hang of what works and what does n't . It would be impossible to overstate this . When you start a new campaign , your goal is to take over all of Japan . The game does n't care that you are a novice , it will treat you with all the disdain of a conquering army . It will take advantage of the slightest mistake in strategy , it will decimate your armies on the field almost without exception . I 'm not saying that you ca n't stick with it and figure out the nuances , but I drew tired of the game long before I reached that point.Lack of control during combat - You give the orders to your troops , you start them out in the formations you want , but once the battle begins in earnest , the responsiveness of your troops drops off sharply , to the point where there is little to do but watch . Many of the people that want this game to be good , no matter what , will argue that this represents realism and is a PLUS of the game ... but the reality is that this is a very frustrating element to the combat tactics of the game . In fact , the ` combat ' segment of the game could rightfully be called the ` pre-combat troop alignment ' segment , because once the fighting starts , your involvement is much more that of a spectator.Poor user interface - other than the lack of control mentioned above , the UI for the combat segment is cumbersome , but OK . However , the UI for the strategy portion is excrutiatingly awkward . Nothing is ` discoverable ' which is one of the basic tenants of user interfaces ... which leads to the final problem ... Very poor manual - Shogun attempts to be a deep and rich game covering both strategy and tactics ... it is in fact , two games in one . Why , oh somebody please tell me why ... the game would come with a BOOKLET the size of the one that came with my keyboard ? The effect of the poor manual coupled with the poor and undiscoverable user interface is that you will many times sit stupified in front of your monitor wondering out loud , phrases like , `` OK ... Uh ... I have an ambassador now ... So ... Now what do I do ? `` The bottom line here is that if you really want this game to be good and are willing to accept bamboo shoots under your fingernails for a long while , I 'm sure this game will eventually pay off for you and you will come back here and give it high marks for its nice look and its richness ... Otherwise wait for Shogun II which I hope will be oh so much better .
 Shogun is an EXCELLENT game , BUT IS UNPLAYABLE ON MOST OF THE BRAND NEW SYSTEMS OUT TODAY . Due to terrible EA techinical support , and horrible compatibility issues , Shogun does n't work on my BRAND NEW 900mhz computer . I know for a fact that most people with an Nvidia graphics card CAN NOT play Shogun . Electronic Arts -LRB- manufacterer of shogun -RRB- neglects the problem and refuses to patch their game to work with Nvidia drivers . The game also does not work on Windows Millenium computers . PLEASE keep this in mind before buying ANY game from Electronic Arts . The company obviously neglects to give their customers honest tech support and neglects to make sure their games even work !
 Nice game , but I 've just upgraded my PC to a Ge Force video card , and STW will not run if you have Ge Force drivers ! Check ea.com and under technical support this is all thoroughly documented . There does n't seem to be any patch or fix forthcoming according to what I 'm reading there . And that 's a shame because it 's a fine game . Check Ea.com 's website for an official announcement about this problem being fixed before buying .
 The good thing abut this game is its impressive graphical controls and scrolling in combat mode.But this good is overwhelmed by the directly human to computer observed combat decisions on a high level , specifically when the human and computer moves combat groups into contact with each other to initiate attacks . The game attempts -LRB- tries -RRB- to go beyond a turn based alternate action -LRB- which is a plus -RRB- so that both parties attack simultaneously , but the result is that the computer waits for the human move , and then ambushes the human attack for its own optimum win . The human does not know anything about the enemy 's armies in adjacent provinces , except by building special watchtowers or spies , but the computer knows exactly what the human has -LRB- no fog of war -RRB- and makes attacks against small garrisons of human defenders with armies of 140 % or 150 % size to make quick wins . When the human makes a full scale attack from one province to another with a large army . leaving a small garrison behind , the computer jumps past , over , or through the large human army to conquer the denuded provence , something that normally can not happen without helicopters . And all this is in normal node , I could accept this in impossible mode.About computer strategic cheating behind their own lines where humans can not detect it , I have no firm evidence , but when I finally win or finish off my half of the board and meet the last opponent , I am surprised and shocked to see an army of 10 to 20 times my size facing me . Not percentage , Times !! No way . I really think the various computer players are really not fighting each other , but are ganging up on the human , which violates the spirit of the game.The user interface is cumbersome and difficult to work with . It is hard to keep track of your wealth when you make improvements , or to remember that a province finishing building is idle , without checking , rechecking , and endlessly looking again . When a human attacks an enemy general with a ninja in normal mode -LRB- not easy mode -RRB- nothing happens -LRB- not failure - not success -RRB- , while the computer sends many ninja attacks.There are a fair number of new product bugs , but we can ignore them until hopefully the next bug release comes out .
 Like I have said before when I reviewed Tiberium Sun , Westwood provided a excellent battle interface and look . Now I just want Westwood to give a game with a good storyline . In Tiberium Sun , it was horrible how they gave James Earl Jones and Michael Biehn such a. . . bad storyline to act to.Now in Firestorm , we have to relive all the nonsense again . Why did I buy this add-on ? First of all I got it for dirt cheap and I wanted to see what the new units had to offer . Firestorm is truly the worst add-on pack that Westwood has ever made . At least the orginal CC add-on pack had the dinosaur levels . Why anyone would want to play the same storyline twice is beyond me . The AI is truly stupid . On the GDI side , just amass a large group of Orca bombers and you can obliterate anything , and on NOD side , you can pretty much Sub APC engineers and steal all your enemy 's buildings and easily defeat them . I finished the add-on in one day . The add-on is that pathetic.The Add-on is centered on one thing , DESTROY CABAL . Now , I happen to think that CABAL is pretty kewl , especially when you are working with him . But now you have to destroy him twice in both campaigns . One of the new units , the Reaper , you do not get to build or create which is pretty much useless . And in the last mission on NOD campaign , CABAL attacks you with both NOD and GDI units . The computer always has to cheat does n't it ? The game play is still unbalanced and you can whiz thru most missions like a breeze.I do n't recommend this unless you are really bored and want to play thru 9 missions on both sides that follow the same storyline . I truly hope Red Alert 2 will be a improvement . I really do n't think anything can top the storyline in the orginal Command and Conquer .
 I was Highly disappointed in this game . . I was expecting a challanging C&C game but instead all I got was an easy game with units that look like cartoons on a beautiful background . . DO N'T BUY IT !
 This game is the most overhyped game in history . The graphics and gameplay is almost identical to the first Medal of Honor game . The load times between levels are horrible and the AI of the enemy and your teammates is like Forest Gump . I ca n't say enough bad things about this game.I bought this game thinking it should be in the same league as Rainbow Six 3 ... . not even close . This game is flat out terrible .
 This game was so unbelievably bad , I do n't know where to start . The graphics were pretty good but the missions were just horrible . If you 're thinking about buying this game , think again . It is n't even worth renting .
 I purchased this game just a few days ago . The beginning was great and so was the start up . However when you begin actual gameplay your experience goes downhill . The graphics make it look like it took Atari every bit of 3 days to put together , and as far as the AI goes it was shockingly poor . There where several times in this game where the enemy will shoot at you from accross the street despite the fact that your allies are standing right next to him . It seems like the Enimy AI cant even see the Allied AI at points . I found multuple cases where they would stand next to each other and not do anything . As far as the weapons go they are horribly represented . Your character can barely hit the broad side of a barn with his rifle and the sidearm you use -LRB- which resembles a cross between a baretta 9mm . and a desert eagle -RRB- takes almost a half of your magazine to stop one person ! It also seems as though your character is holding the pistol sideways instead of straight !! I usually never leave bad reviews but I was just so shocked at how poorly this game was made that I am taking it back to the store today ! If you think this was a good game you might want a take a better look at the cover because chances are you are mistaking this for another game . Over all I believe this is one of the worst games I have ever put in my Xbox . -LRB- And I have played my fair share of bad games -RRB-
 Short and to the point this game was a let down . Control on this game was good . AI of the enemies and your squadmates in the game for the most part is PATHETIC !! Several times your squadmates and enemy will be standing a couple of feet apart and nothing happens ... they just shoot at each other . Only positive is enemy AI does improve a little in the last stages of the game . Another bad point is the load time between missions/levels . It was so nice for the programmers to think we need a POTTY BREAK upon completion of each mission . Only good thing about this game is the surround sound !! Playing on a 5.1 surround system , you 'll swear the enemy is setting up an ambush behind your easy chair . Note
 This game seemed hyped from the begining . And that 's all it turned out to be . It 's not completely a bad game , but it 's nothing that great really.Graphics wise , Shadow Ops is a mixed bag . At times the textures seem clean , and extremely lush , others they muddy together . But the real problem is the frame rate , which is just horrible at times . And loading is another headache , along with some glitches that seem to be associated with disc access/loading . Control is actualy good , when the frame rate keeps up with the action , the guns all have scope capability . You ca n't pick up other enemy 's guns , which really sucks actually . And ammo for your weapon can get very scare in a heated battle . And some missions are based on limited ammo , and advise you to use strategy . Basically make your enemy spend all their ammo , then move in for the kill . You get alot of controller set-up options , so you can customize how you want the button scheme.Sound is just amazing ! Probably the saving grace of this title , you actually feel like you 're in a movie ! Or in a real battlefield for that matter , with ambience from enemys , nature , explosions , echos from your teammates holloring out orders , etc.The overall mission based theme of this game is just too A - B . At times the action has a more furious arcade flavor , but then sometimes it takes on a more ` medal of honor ' , type of gameplay.With so many FPSes out there , it 's getting hard to be original . Shadow Ops seems to be similar to Fugitive Hunter on the PS2 , but just not as fun . Better off to wait for DOOM 3 , or Area 51 .
 Hmm , what to say about this game . Its pretty `` meh '' . It does n't do anything well , and does a number of things pretty badly . I would not suggest this game to anyone looking for a FPS . The AI was horrible , weapons were bland and boring to fire . They all sounded underpowered -LRB- and pretty much are underpowered -RRB- . The level design is pretty bad , everything is scripted and feels like a shooting gallery . The teammate AI is horrible and does n't help at all . In fact , they get in the way most of the time . The graphics are horrible too . Overall the game feels pretty old fashioned and more like it was made by a mod team then an actual developer . The only cool thing about it is the cut scenes that are actually pretty neat . I am surprised I bothered finishing this one .
 They may have spent alot of their budget on sound but soundtrack itself right out of a bad hollywood war movie ... say , GI Jane.The gameplay is pretty bad in every aspect . First , you 'll notice bad controls . Second , you 'll notice bad AI . And last , before you trade it in or send it back to the video store early ... you 'll feel this game MIGHT have been alright if it was released 4 years ago .
 I 'm a huge baseball fan and enjoy playing baseball games on my pc . I 'm also a purist and do n't like to see unrealistic aspects of sports games . But that is exactly what TP2001 is , very unrealistic to actual major league baseball . Here are some examples , * When your team builds a lead , the cpu team will get the runs back , GUARANTEED . I was never able to keep a lead . They can lay down a bunt straight to the pitcher and still outrun the throw -LRB- meaning the batter has to run about 30 mph to beat the throw -RRB- . Also , it is more difficult for your pitcher because the cpu batters will hit homeruns more often when behind in order to regain the lead . It does n't matter how you pitch , one mistake , and the cpu batter goes yard . A cpu PITCHER hit a 600 ft. home run to tie the game . UNREALISTIC !!! These things are impossible in major league baseball . * Errors are too scattered when that mode is on . A player may commit multiple errors in one inning , but for the next several games , he will play perfect ball . * You can earn `` rewards '' during a season where you can use very long bats , or have players with big heads . Give me a break . * It is difficult to control baserunning after hits . Sometimes the computer will automatically advance baserunners when it is not appropriate , and you may not be able to reverse the runner.On the plus side , the graphics are excellent , and the other features , like home run contest are interesting . But the actual game is not worth it.If you are like me , and want to buy a purely realistic baseball game , this is NOT it .
 All I can say is buy High Heat Baseball . It 's a much better product and an acurate baseball game . As a huge sports gaming fan I can honestly say that the Triple Play series is a waste of time .
 EA Sports should have released TP 2001 as an arcade game because that is exactly what it plays like . Do n't get me wrong , the game LOOKS great . But that 's where the thread with reality stops . I love sports games for the PC , and usually take a team of my design on a full season and see where they end up.TP 2001 does not have injuries built into the season mode . Your players can play every day , all game and show no signs of wear and tear . Finish a season with your invincible team ? No franchise mode.Other game flaws include diving , which must be done with an almost ESP like sense of direction if you want to even hope to stop a ball . If you decide to turn errors on , watch out . Manny Ramirez had 8 `` errors '' on balls that seemed to award an error just because they were hit in his direction.On the other hand if you like arcade style gameplay , codes that give players unecessary and unuseable attributes such as big heads , little bodies , large bats , Superman like speed , and no concept of what baseball is all about , then rush out and buy this immmediately .
 EA Sports should have released TP 2001 as an arcade game because that is exactly what it plays like . Do n't get me wrong , the game LOOKS great . But that 's where the thread with reality stops . I love sports games for the PC , and usually take a team of my design on a full season and see where they end up.TP 2001 does not have injuries built into the season mode . Your players can play every day , all game and show no signs of wear and tear . Finish a season with your invincible team ? No franchise mode.Other game flaws include diving , which must be done with an almost ESP like sense of direction if you want to even hope to stop a ball . If you decide to turn errors on , watch out . Manny Ramirez had 8 `` errors '' on balls that seemed to award an error just because they were hit in his direction.On the other hand if you like arcade style gameplay , codes that give players unecessary and unuseable attributes such as big heads , little bodies , large bats , Superman like speed , and no concept of what baseball is all about , then rush out and buy this immmediately .
 EA Sports has made a number of changes to the great sim , Superbike . While they have some nice graphics and physics going for them , it 's just not well tested and sorted . One of the most frustrating aspects of the game is the inconsistent difficulty levels of the tracks . If you play at a challenging level on one track , you 'll be way faster than the field on the next . Other than that , the game just is n't up to modern standards . The menus are clunky and slow . The `` announcer '' is annoying and often gets it wrong . The sound files do n't sound anything like race bikes . In the original game you could restart a race if you crashed . In SB 2000 the documentation claims you can still restart in single race mode , but that feature is not actually available . It 's interesting that several other `` reviewers '' claim that you can still restart . Makes you wonder if they 're gamers or marketers .
 I know its annoying when people tend to write a review for a game before it comes out , but I really had to point some things out . I would n't recomend this game to anyone unless you are extremely desperate . Neopets is already an online game that is n't very good at that . A playstation game really wo n't do to much to improve on the already bad characters and goofy items . Knowing the neopets things well enough , this game will be filled with faeries and magical tigers , petpets , and petpetpets . The whole neopets team is just out of whack for coming up with this game.This is n't supposed to really help you . Its not a review , nor a hate mail type thing . But it just is n't going to be very appealing to fellow gamers . Thanks .
 I am the mom of a 10 year old ... who would love to own this game . My question is ... has it been released , where can you buy it and does it exist ? I called Sony , they say it does , but no one owns it or has played it . Can anyone help ? I rated it 1 because I do n't even know if there is such a game ! But if it is like the Neopet site ... I am sure it will be at least a 5
 I do n't believe this is a good start at all for `` Neopets '' on the gaming systems . Neopets is a very fun online game , even though it could use a few updates . I do n't think a game like this is a good start . I think a game like `` Hey You Pikachu ! , Animal Crossing , Pokemon Channel , Harvest Moon , Monster Rancher , Digimon '' or something else like that would be best , not an adventure game called `` The Darkest Faerie '' developed by some random developer , it will give Neopets a bad name to new comers . I think a series would be better , `` Neopets , Neopets 2 , Neopets 3 '' it would probally be best on just one console . If it 's for sony , then Playstation 2 > Playstation Portable > Playstation 3 , or something like that . If for nintendo , Gamecube > GBA > DS or something else like that . The games should n't have every item on neopets since so many are made , but more like a set of furniture and stuff that 's more specific , of course every neopets that 's out at the time , along with paintbrushes and the such , and then being able to unlock other items , go to all the worlds , battle other neopets , have a house , feed your pet , and all that , in first person view . It would have to be atleast a semi-decent developer , and hopefully published and watched over by neopets . It would be more organized , and more true to the game . The first person view could work sort of like `` Magic Pengel '' for PS2 . You never see the owner , and all you do is just put in your name i guess , perhaps use your username , and then gender or whatever . Or not anything at all . It would be fun if it was a lighthearted , well organized game . Neopets.com , neopets magazine , neopets TCG are all the main neopets stuff now , and an organized game series would be nice too . I hope this game coming out changes soon .
 From the neopets news 1st of November 2003
 Having played M&M 6 and M&M 7 , I was really looking forward to this game . Unfortunately , once I started I lost interest pretty quickly . It is so similar to the earlier games that I felt I was just replaying one of the other titles.My biggest problem is that there have been few if any upgrades to the basic game engine since # 6 . Do n't get me wrong , I like the basic game engine . The world looks interesting and is easy to navigate . However , some of the problems that first bothered me in 6 have become even more annoying in the later titles . Namely : HOARDS OF UNINTELLIGENT MONSTERS
 When playing this , I was kind of amused by the thought of how little computer RPGs have advanced since I played Bard 's Tale on the Apple II.Since then , I 've been playing the old Baldur 's Gate game , and I can see where the true development is . The takes us back to Might and Magic -- Apparently , the age of the gaming engine , along with a too-rapid development cycle hurts this game in terms of visual appearances . Voice actors are very irritating
 I have long been a fan of this series and I jumped at thechance to get the next game . I knew before hand that the graphicswould not be the best around , but that was n't important . The problem was the game felt hollow . There was much less of a plot then any of the others in the series , and was overall disappointing . The gameplay is n't that bad , but I would n't recommend this game for any but the most stalwart fans of the series.Might and Magic 6 and 7 were great games in my opinion .
 I qualify as a Might & Magic Junky , having played all of the series since # 1 . The best aspect of these games is the development of the team . In my family , each person becomes a `` named '' character with a personality to suit the mood of the game . You always had your choice to be a good or bad . MM8 has lost all this . You now can only create/name one character on your team , and it 's tough to be a good character . Only two of the eight allowed classes have possitive sounding attributes . The entire game has a dark and gloomy presentation , such as if you want a top knotch wizard , you need to be a Lich . Ugh ! A Lich is to be killed , not personified . No longer can my family enjoy being their own chacters . You now `` higher '' your remaining -LRB- computer named -RRB- team characters . But , just when you spend all those spell points/money to become a master/grandmaster , you have to drop this body from the team to make room for a someone else in order to complete a specific quest . Too much comming and going . Too depressing . Not fun at all .
 I have been a big fan of all the Might and Magic games . Might and Magic was the very first fantasy role playing computer game I played and I absolutely loved it . However , the last few installments of the Might and Magic series -LRB- including M&M 8 have been very frustrating . In order to accomplish anything you have to wade through wave after wave of monsters . You can never even take a simple journey to the next village without having to fight a wall of monsters . And the monsters are so numerous that you ca n't defeat them in one encounter . You have to retreat to rest and heal again and again before you can finish them all off . It 's just so tiring and frustrating to be bogged down with so much meaningless slaughter than you ca n't concentrate on the quests that you 've set out to do . The game does have very good graphics and nice interactivity . And I must say it has one of the best intros I 've ever seen , though it is fairly short . -LRB- It adds so much seeing the intro if you have good speakers and a subwoofer ! -RRB-
 What in the world is going on here ? look at this game , thenlook at ANY similar rpg released in the last FIVE YEARS and this gameis pathetic ... instead of real 3d we get 2d sprite graphics that look HORRIBLE , a plethora of pathing and AI bugs , an outdated game engine that allows you to walk down a hill but not back up it ... MMVI was better than this ... to top it all off you cant create 4 of your own chars , you get to make 1 , and then have to get the others from a pre-creates list ... GRRRRR ... when wizardry 8 comes out , go have a look at that , because from what i can see alot of you dont play much besides M&M , so go look at some of the wonderful other RPGS out there ... i mean , come on now , the quests/graphics/AI in EVERQUEST are better than in here ... the minimum requirement is a 166 for the love of Pete , no point in having a 3d card for this game ... bleh END
 Might and Magic VIII was really a dissapointment when I first played it . It has the same game engine as its most recent prequil , but with some downsides . First you only get to create one character , your main character , and the rest of your party is filled up with characters you meet . Second , and lastly , the characters are ugly expecially the male knights . If your a diehard Might and Magic fan -LRB- like me -RRB- you should definitely buy it -LRB- to add to your collection -RRB- if not stay away from it . I do n't like to dis Might and Magic , but when a product stinks , it stinks .
 This game is lousy . It is not worth buying . I made my character thinking it would be awesome , because the charatcer creation tool has good graphics . Then I got into the game and was faced with 2D Lizardmen sprites walking around . I talk to about 10 and they all say the same thing . I went in all the buildings -LRB- Well actually when i say go into a building , i mean open the door and see a picture of the inside with no interaction at all , and the people dont talk back to you . -RRB- I then decided well this could still be cool , lets go check out the combat . So i walked around the island I was on , walking down a hill , but not being able to walk back up it . Finally finding some pirates ? and buccaneers ? Well I killed a few took there gold , then healed . I kept doing this untill i had killed them all . When suddenly more appeared out of no where . I then got surrounded and died . Losing all my gold my ressurecting with full life and spell points -LRB- Mana -RRB- . I 've got past this part now and am exploring other islands . All though i am sorry to say some of the quests that they give me are very difficult and near impossible . I never played MM1-MM7 but this looks to me as if it should be MM1 with the lack of good graphics and a decent engine that is 6 years old .
 Was n't able to play in my computer as it would not load . found that I ca n't rate as did n't play it .
 Note
 GREAT GAME , BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL , BUT HAS A MAJOR UNSOLVABLE PROBLEM , KEEPS CRASHING AND LOCKING UP MY COMPUTER .
 They could have done so much more with this game . For those who are fans of the franchise , you understand that it has a very cinematic feel which is missing from the game . The gameplay is clumsy and is difficult to get into without any backstory . Save your $ $ .
 First let me start by saying that I was very excited to play this game when I cam across it - I have been a Transformers fan since I was a kid . But I had a feeling they would n't get it quite right , and unfortunately I think I was right.Plain and simple , this game is hard even on the easier settings - I do n't think I could have even come close to beating it without the invincibility code , which I did n't want to use because it detracts from the game play , in my mind . But I had no choice in the end.Game play is not really all that intuitive , it took me a while to adjust to the controls . But once you get the hang of it , you can get by -LRB- i.e. they 're not horrible , but expect a learning curve -RRB- . And the fact that you can only choose one of three Autobots was a letdown . You really do n't have many opportunities to use vehicle mode -LRB- though there are a few times when it 's really helpful in getting away from enemies -RRB- because more often than not , the terrain just is n't friendly enough . And when it is , you 're better off in robot mode so you can actually shoot at targets and attackers.Replay value is low , in my mind - I tried to beat the game on the next hardest setting but found myself getting bored and just stopped playing all together . Even now , a year plus later , it 's not all that appealing to play.Overall , I 'd say wait for the sequel if you can -LRB- if there 's going to be one -RRB- ...
 I was a huge Transformers fan when I was growing up and when I saw that this game was going to be released , I was very excited . The screen shots looked good but the intial reviews were mixed . I went ahead and rented the game first and I am soooo glad I did.This game is TERRIBLE !!! First , the storyline is non-existant . Who are the minicons ? Why do I care ? How can the Autobots warp to Earth while the Decepticons have to fly ? Does any of this make sense ? Next , the playable characters ... who the heck are these guys ? Everyone knows Optimus Prime but who 's Hot Shot and Red Alert ? Where 's Bumblebee and Jazz ? What happened to Megatron and why does he look so stupid now?The voice acting is dismal ... Optimus kind of sounds like the original but Megatron sounds ridiculous . Otherwise , there is no voice acting other than these ` useful ' updates during the game.Gameplay ... wow , where to start here ... it 's just an abomination . First the game starts out in this little pit where it takes 5 minutes of running in circles just to find that you have to do some platform jumping to get out of there . Of course , the running in circles part is going to be the norm b/c the controls are dismal ... they use the painful Max Payne set up where one pad controls strafe and forward while the other contols turning ... why wo n't developers just realize that the Ratchet and Clank type one pad movement config is the best ? Anyways , get ready for jumping puzzles , there 's tons of them . Plus , your Autobots are really , really bad jumpers , so that makes things nice and extra annoying . Next , to go anywhere , you have to consult your radar to find your next objective ... oh wait ... there 's no radar in this game because that would make sense ... ok , just run around like a ninny and try to fight and find the objectives . Fighting is great , its a third person shooter with the aformentioned bad controls and toss in lots of environmental obsticals that you can run into and get stuck so your enemies can gang bang you for a few moments ... loads of fun ! If you are the patient type , eventually you make it to the first boss who is ridiculously strong and you have a lame blaster , strong but very slow to rearm missles , and a pathetic shield ... toss in a mulitplatform arena to fight the boss -LRB- did i mention the horrible movement controls and your autobot is a bad jumper ? I did ? -RRB- and you go through getting knocked off the temple repeatedly , having to ` jump ' back up there the whole time the boss is smacking you around . Joy.If you 're a real glutton for punishment , you 'll continue to the second level where the second round of enemies can either shoot through glaciers or run around inside glaciers or something ... I would love to know BUT THE GAME WO N'T TELL ME WHATS GOING ON . Fortunately , you get a really useful ` energon vision ' to see these invisible foes but its energy counts down and I spent my whole time trying to find the little buggers as they ran around inside the glacier shooting at me and of course I ca n't hit them back and then my energon vision runs out and now I 'm back to being shot at by invisible people from inside a glacier . Fotunately , you can now combine powers with a little helper minicon but that drains your life force so you die quicker . Awesome.Overall , this game is galactically lame and a miserable disappointment . I would n't even waste money renting the game even if you 're a huge fan b/c you will be that much more annoyed and disappointed than the average sucker who rents this dog . The developers should be drug into the street and beaten for turning out a piece of junk like this .
 I was excited to hear a transformers game was being developed until I saw it was based on transformers : Armada which I have to say is a pitiful reflection of the former glory of generation 1 . I 've tried to get into it , but I ca n't . I love the gen 1 characters and the stories and I wanted to see those characters brought to the ps2 . Classic megatron , starscream , Optimus Prime , Shockwave , Soundwave , Blaster , Tracks , Ultra Magnus ... just to name a few of the excellent characters that are being ignored in this game . If you like Armada , go for it , but a true die hard fan would do well to hold out for the REAL transformers .
 I was very excited about this game and while it was neat to finally be able to run around and `` transform and roll out '' thegame play itself is a major disappointment . It 's a essentially a shooter game with some amazing graphics . The controls are awful and the gameplay repetetive . I 'm a life long Transformers fan and this game really disappointed .
 Probably the best baseball game out there in terms of statistical realism , graphics , features , etc. , but it constantly crashes , even with the patches that are provided on the 3DO web site , tweaking PC settings , etc. . It 's brutally annoying and frustrating to have to save the game every 1/2 inning , and constantly restart the PC when it crashes . 3DO offers a community bulletin board and free email , too , but this customer service can not overcome the overall lack of stability .
 In the commercial Sammy claims that his game is '' ... so real . '' I beg the differ , this game is o.k. but all the hype is cheap . The gameplay may be good but where it counts -LRB- graphics -RRB- this game falls short .
 I bought this game because I did not like hitting 50 home runs in 20 games in that other baseball simlulation -LRB- you know what I mean -RRB- . So after the great reviews I had read about it , I gave SSHHBB a try , but I 'm really disappointed . The game suffers from some sort of `` keep scores close '' programming when you play against cpu controlled teams . Once the human player starts scoring , the cpu controlled team suddenly hits everything . Example
 This game has been a tremendous disappointment . I 've been working on it for hours , still ca n't get it to run . Not only that , it 's taken over my computer ! None of the other games that I used to enjoy run , either!I have a very new system
 On Sept 1st NCSoft announced they were shutting down this game . The staff has been laid off , and the codes from all of these boxed sets have been voided . People trying to use them are being told `` This Serial Code has expired '' . `` This morning we announced that Paragon Studios will be taking to the skies of City of Heroes for the last time.In a realignment of company focus and publishing support , NCsoft has made the decision to close Paragon Studios . Effective immediately , all development on City of Heroes will cease and we will begin preparations to sunset the world 's first , and best , Super Hero MMORPG before the end of the year . As part of this , all recurring subscription billing and Paragon Market purchasing will be discontinued effective immediately . We will have more information regarding a detailed timeline for the cessation of services and what you can expect in game in the coming weeks.The team here at Paragon deserves special praise for all that we have accomplished over the last 5 + years . These developers are some of the most creative and talented people in the gaming industry . By now , we 've all been given this news internally , but to anyone who may be reading this message after the fact ; know that your hard work and dedication has not gone unappreciated or unnoticed . To any potential studios looking to grow your team ; hire these people . You wo n't regret it.To our Community , Thank you . Thank you for your years of support . You 've been with us every step of the way , sharing in our challenges , encouraging us to make City of Heroes better , more than everyone else thought it could be . We could n't have come this far without you . I implore you all , focus on the good things of CoH and Paragon Studios . Do n't dwell on the `` how '' or the `` why '' , but rather join us in celebrating the legacy of an amazing partnership between the players and the development team.Thank you , and I 'll see you in the skies , one last time . `` If the retailers had any decency they 'd stop trying to rip off unwitting customers that are n't aware the game has been shut down and pull this useless merchandise off of the market .
 This game , as well as all City of Heroes games , should not be sold or purchased . NCSoft shut down the game and Paragon Studios that ran it on November 30 , 2012 . Amazon needs to pull all City of Heroes games from sale because it is a product that no longer works .
 Was cool when popular sucks now do n't buy just purchase World of warcraft . honestly really repetitive simply not enough content story line sucked plain and simple .
 I like the idea of playing a villian and playing with better graphics that WOW has too offer . But the main and only two problems are the constant disconnects and half the video screen which is barbled -LRB- or tearing -RRB- on my laptop . Now I have two systems one is an alienware with a nvidia card and the laptop a dell xps with a ati mobility . I made sure everything is upgraded and tweak too work with most games . But there is nothing I can do if COV is having compatibilty issues with the ati mobility card as stated in their website -LRB- still being worked on -RRB- . The tech support technician states that the problem is with my system and and ISP . I play other online games and I will definitly know if there is a problem with my ISP -LRB- not -RRB- so I decided it is best to cancel my subscription since I can not enjoy the game and have next to nil on getting any help from tech support . I do not know what high end system is needed or what else must be tweaked . All I can say COV is a nice concept and nice graphics but I guess it all depends on what high end PC system you are using . I wish you better luck in enjoying the game .
 First of all you have to buy it then to play it you havet to pay 15 dollars a month , also it 's a pain in the a ** to download it.Then when you finally start playing you see that the graphics are n't that good and it 's annoying to move or change the view , and if you do n't care about the veiw I played it for five miniuts and it froze on my brand new laptop!VERY VERY VERY BAD GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The opening of Rune 's single-player game is incredibly promising ; you start in a beautifully rendered Viking village . Once you prove yourself in combat against the Master of Arms -LRB- or somesuch -RRB- , a cutscene takes you onto a longboat and across the sea.Up to this point , the game had my interest.Next , however , the ship sinks , your character dies and finds himself in the underworld , and single-player Rune becomes one of the most boring , repetitive games I 've ever had the displeasure of playing . It 's the same problem Unreal -LRB- from which Rune got its engine -RRB- has , really ; the single player game gets duller and duller as you move on . It bored me so quickly that , desperate to find redeeming value in this game , I fired up the multiplayer.Playing this game multiplayer makes it all worth it . I ca n't describe how much fun it is to beat up your friends with various hand-to-hand weapons , or even with their own severed limbs and heads . The combat and movement is so perfect and smoothly done ; instead of using dumb , ultra-generic fantasy monsters in the single-player game , Human Head Studios should have tried to implement more of a bot AI , because playing against humans in this game is fun ! It 's got the depth of a fighting game but without the dizzyingly complex controls.The problem is , the only multiplayer modes available in Rune are Deathmatch ... and Team Deathmatch.Because of this , the game is disappointing . The single-player , which was unfortunately probably the focus of the studio 's efforts , is godawful . The multiplayer is incredibly promising , and fun despite its limits , but it really needs so much more.Now , a game with the combat system from Rune , but with more multiplayer modes and levels , and with bot support , would be one I 'd not regret spending fifty of my hard-earned dollars on . Rune Tournament , anyone ?
 I had such hopes for this game . I enjoyed the demo very much , so I ran out and bought it . Bad idea . Next time , I 'll learn to read some reviews from magazines first.What sounds cooler than a viking warrior stomping around , eating live animals , and cutting the heads off his victims ? Switch hunting , at least according to Gathering of Developers . I spent the vast majority of my time in Rune stumbling about a dark corridor searching for a switch or a wall to break , or just getting lost . I think it would have boosted the realism of this game if Ragnar randomly shouted out `` Where the hell am I ? '' I was looking for joyful swordfighting fun , but spent most of my time hacking up spiders and those annoying undead ghouls who keep popping back to life . There were brief moments of mindless carnage , which I loved , but these were far outweighed by boredom.Now I hate multiplayer in general , but I must admit that Rune 's multiplayer is refreshing and entertaining for a while . Unfortunatly , there is absolutely no variety . Just strafe , rush in , swing weapon , hope you do n't die.In short , Rune could have been so much more than it was .
 This is one of the worst games that I have played this year . I read all the previews , saw the pretty pictures , and got interested . Unfortunately , the final product is such a disappointment . I am so sick of switches or `` puzzles '' as you run around and jump around to look for the next exit point . I also do n't want to spend my time leaping from one platform to another . Where 's the fun ? This is not the Olympics . In a word , lame . And the perspective makes it that more difficult . A 3D game should not have platform jumping as a major gameplay feature . In addition , the game AI is weak and unchallenging . There are instances wherein the enemy just `` sits '' there and you hack away , without any effort or fun . There 's a online multiplayer portion to the game but I did n't purchase the game for that reason . Anyhow , as strictly a single-player experience , I 'm giving the game a generous 2 out of 5 .
 Well , this game is fun for the first 2 minutes of play . The single player is just that , single player . You will get tired of it quick . The multiplayer is where this game couldbe great but they gave us just DM . Well any of you that play FPS gaes online alot know that just DM wont cut it . The programmers where to lazy or in to much of a hurry to work on more MP game modes and decided that eventually some mod makers would do all the work for them . Whatever they did , they shortchanged the buyers of this game . Enjoy .
 ... should have been the title . Which is a shame , because the opening sequences were well done and promised a good , solid FPS/3PS with a unique feel , and it performed well and looked very good on my computer . I especially enjoyed the underwater sequences with floating bodies , a sunken ship , and nasty looking fish , but the game soon deteriorated into endless hacking and chopping of an army of large crab-like beasts through never-ending caverns , all the while on my knees . Combine this with a monosyllabic `` hero '' ... no , wait . `` Monosyllabic '' implies some form of speech or communication . This Neanderthal does n't even grunt . Conan the Barbarian is a poet compared to this guy and I 'm supposed to care whether he lives or dies ? Either way , I did n't make it through the first level before I returned the game . Perhaps you will have more patience than I.
 This game could have been so much more . The hack and slash action is not even fun , it just get 's tedious and boring . I have to admit the graphic 's are spectacular , but that does not make this a great game . Rune contains lot 's of jumping from object to object , which will get boring after they first introduce it into the game . The game also had no depth whatsoever . I never just want to play it for fun , because I felt there almost is no fun in this game . In my opinion , if you are going to get a hack and slash action game GET BLADE OF DARKNESS .
 oh boy . another game of killing monsters and finding levers . why was this game even made ? did they think the world needed a few more sewer levels ? a few more lava jumping puzzles?i really fail to see how killing giant crabs and oompa loompas can be considered any kind of plotline . oh , you 're on a quest to stop the villain ! what game is n't about that ? there is no plot manifestation -LRB- of what little story exists -RRB- during the gameplay at all . every level is the exact same thing , and it NEVER ENDS . oh look , another cave ! i sure hope it has some zombies and levers ... you know , for a change.if you like long , repetitive , and completely linear , secretless , plotless games with just levers and stupid AI , then buy this game . judging from the other reviews here , you 'll probably think it was the most wonderful and creative game ever made , anyway . i might 've enjoyed it if i were five years old and this was the first game i 'd ever played , but after game upon game of the same damned thing , there 's no way i could ever give this a better score .
 i am NOT impressed by gathering of developers , ... storyline & graphics are cool , and all the keyboard controls are not too bad when you get used to them or adjust them - there are a lot - but it seems like a deadend . You walk into a corner of the village and have to back-track . Wish he could jump over some of the stuff . Pretty narrow constraints . You get stuck in a cave after you are brought back from death and there is a neat waterfall too high to jump to and nota clue what to do or where to go , so you wonder around in circles til you give up . Sad . Tha 's level 1 . This is another game that is impossible to play without many free days to figure out 1 puzzle , or it is in need of a game walkhru to get past level 1 . Tragic . Though it may be a lot of great fun -LSB- with a walk-thru / or some kind of cheatsbook/guidebook , full of pointers / tips & directions to assist you -RSB- . ... Nice music score and viking theme , weapons , combat , and cutscenes though . Graphics are nice too . I wish someone would tell me what i am supposed to do & how to do it .
 I read a couple of decent reviews of this before I bought it -LRB- Games Domain.com -RRB- and as I 'm into a bit of action and adventure and thought Severance to be superb , I shelled out my cash for Rune.Rune has a great story line running through it . Thats about the best thing in the game . if you liked Tomb raider , then this is Tomb Raider with Vikings -LRB- with few challenging puzzles -RRB- !! Lots of ledge jumping and climbing , swimming and swinging from vines and stuff - very disappointing.The enemies did nothing for me and the combat system is basic to say the least.The graphics are good -LRB- so they should using the Unreal Tournament engine -RRB- but even so at some angles Ragnor becomes transparent.All in all do n't waste your money on this unless Tomb Raider style jumping is your thing . If you 're over 18 buy Severance because its ace !! You might also try Heavy Metal Faxx 2 . The heroine is a babe , the action is good and the enemies are cool.F.A.B . guys
 It 's awesome even though i never played it , it sounds cool . Is it like Rollercoaster Tycon ?
 Even though I have never been able to play this game , I HAVE ordered it , and read the literature and tried to install it on my computer . If you look at the installation guide included with the box , or on the side of the box , it says that you have to have at least 130 MB -LRB- Megabytes -RRB- on your computer in order to install it . THIS IS N'T TRUE ! When you open up the installer , or the setup program , it turns out that you actually need 222 MB of free space to install it ! So as a warning to all of you people thinking of buying this , MAKE SURE YOU HAVE AT LEAST 222 MB OF SPACE ON YOUR COMPUTER FIRST ! If you do n't , you 'll have to send it back . The game really looks neat to play if you read other reviews , and the instuction booklet , but be sure to have enough space on your hard disk to install this program before ordering it !
 WARNING WARNING DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Buying this is an outragous waste of money . Just buy one that saves more on in so that you do n't have to buy it over and over and over . This saves maybe one small game but , no more .
 This game may have been mildly amusing if it had n't been so incredibly boring . The lack of an option to save the game during a level instead of between levels only is a dead giveaway that this is nothing more than a lame console port.Sure , the weapons may be original and fun , but all you get to do is shoot turkeys , turkeys , and more turkeys . Oh , and a cow or two . That 's it . No way to explore the wonderful world of South Park in this strictly linear waste of time . I would have liked to do the mulitiplayer , but I could n't bring myself to try to get my friends to buy it-I want them to stay friends!After all the hype about understanding the difference between PC gamers and console gamers , Acclaim 's release of this poorly-done port was almost criminal .
 They are good on TV but the game is terrible . Worst game I ever played . Has nothing to do with South Park
 Warning ! This program will NOT let you install it to a storage card -- you MUST install it to your main device . AND although the box says the program takes 8MB -- it in fact takes 15MB of storage AND 11 MB of RAM to work -- so if you have 32MB you are DEAD ! This game takes 26MB !!!!! I never got it to work -- the box is entirely misleading and WRONG . ...
 Doom was a difficult enough game with the keyboard , but on your PDA this game is just plain hard . It 's just too hard to play with a PDA D-Pad and have any success at all . This was totally not the game for me and I should n't have bought it . Honestly , FPS is not the thing you want on your PDA . The better choice would be something like Simcity 2000 or that Everquest Game . Something that is primarily played with the stylus because hammering your D-Pad with a game like this will ruin it forever . No sense in damaging your PDA .
 Like the previous review , I was very disappointed that you could not install the product to a storage card . I had to clean everything off the Pocket PC main memory and I got the program running , but my main memory is gone once loaded . I am still attempting to get it to work on a storage card , but with little success so far .
 Only 1 star because I ca n't submit this without it ! I have a machine that is well over the minimum specs for this game , but I have had trouble running it sucessfully . What angers me is that the the Eidos tech-support people wo n't return my e-mails . Shabby , shabby , shabby ! If YOU read this I want my money back !
 If you are going to buy this game because of either David Bowie or because somebody said `` you can interact with almost everything in this world '' , DO N'T ! It 's just not worth the frustration of having to play the game . First of all if you want Bowie 's music get it on CD sounds better . If you want an interactive world talk to your friends . Both these things get old in the first 30 mins of the game and you have hours to go before you are done.First the positive , Omikron does give you a huge world that you can play around in . The graphics for the people and places are pretty good . The general story line is pretty good , enough to keep you interested for a while . The sound is excellent . That 's about it for the good.The Bad : The Controls
 Please read this review . Try to disregard the fanatical praises heaped on it by all the others that have succumbed to the rediculous amount of hype piled on the game . You 'll thank me for it some day.Ok , I 'll admit i was suckered into buying this game just because Bowie was in it . I am still , however , a hardcore gamer . I 've spent plenty of hours on Everquest , Tribes , Quake 3 , Starcraft and plenty of others . So I know a quality game when I see one.We 'll start with graphics . First off , you need to be running a very high end machine for this game to look decent . I 'm running a ` pitiful ' P2 450 w / 256 megs RAM , and a Voodoo 3 2000 , and I needed to set the game to 800 x 600 with all the detail levels at medium for this game to have a tolerable framerate . I can run Quake 3 at 1024 x 768 and almost maximum settings , and its by far a much better looking game anyways.And this MUCH HYPED facial moting capture ? Its AWESOME , BUT THE PEOPLE DONT $ # $ % # BLINK ! Thus shatters the illusion of emotion , as all the characters stare at you creepily like retarded zombies . Come on , how the heck did Quantic Dream miss that ? Plug in your old Nintendo and you 'll see that even the original Super mario Brother blinked ! Cripes.The setting is well done , if not original . Sort of 5th Element meets Dune . The plot is obscure at first and there 's little to get you interested . it does get better , but there 's one main problem ... the play mechanics suck BIG TIME in all modes of play ! This is typical of games that try to cover too many areas . Rather than excell in one singular aspect -LRB- like Quake 3 , Tribes or EverQuest -RRB- it spreads itself very thin and comes out mediocre at best.the First Person shooting is choppy , the weapons are unispired and slow to fire , enemies appear out of thin air -LRB- probably due to some bug -RRB- and you are forced to rely too heavily on med-kits . The fighting engine is also weak . Its especially difficult to play with the mouse and keyboard combo , not to mention the fact that its boring and usually fights are tossed in hap-hazardly to culminate a first person shooting round . I would have preferred that this was just left out and the FPS tweaked , but oh well , what do I know , I 'm just the consumer.So with all this frustration , tis a chore just to continue in the game . not to mention the fact that your objective is very damn obscure at first and you 'll spend most of your time walking around aimlesly.And then there were BUGS . And plenty of them . Certain commands like walking or crouching dont work when applyed to certain buttons . No particular reason it seems . For instance , I set walking to left shift , as almost all FPS players will do , and I use the WSAD running / strafing system . Forget it , cause that will cause a ton of problems . Instead of using the up arrow when at the game menu , you need to use the ` w ' key because the game is too stupid to know when its playing and when its not . You cant us the 's ' key in your name if you 've done this either , because it takes you back to the menu . Sucks if your name is Scott . There 's plenty of other bugs too , but 'll lets not spoil ALL the surprises.As for Bowie 's ` gametrack ' , dont buy this game if you own his new album , ` Hours . . ' because thats all it is . Really . he doesnt supply the ambient sound as I had hoped he would , and the only time you get to hear his songs is at a bar where some badly animated singer jerks around like a puppet while Bowie 's music is dubbed over . Sure the songs are great but by the album , its cheaper . The ambient sound is still good , but it skips , a LOT . So it gives you a headache most of the time.As for the game , if you want depth , by Everquest . if you do n't like D&D go the Final Fantasy 8 route . if you want shooting , by Quake 3 Arena or better yet Tribes . If Omikron only runs half decent on your computer these games will look amazing . if you want fighting buy Tekken 3 and see how it 's SUPPOSED to be done . Avoid this Eidos cash-machine like the plague .
 This game continues the Acclaim tradition , begun with Re-Volt , of producing games not compatible with Gateway systems . There is no fix available , and PC Support has no comment on a due date . If you own a Gateway , save your money .
 First off , forget whatever revies youve read about Fight Night 2004 . If you have any sense of hand eye coordination , it is the best boxing game ever made . The xbox version , utilizing the trigger and joystick combination to leane and block , makes for an extremely fast paced , exciting game . Now , with Round 2 , they had the right ideas , but it just didnt work out as well as the first . The gameplay is slowed down , the range of motion for the characters is a lot smaller , and the camera angles swing around so much -LRB- especially after a hard punch -RRB- that it is hard to keep a good lead going . They have added great new features , particularly the haymakers and the Cut Man , but overall these tend to take away from the flow of the game . Combos are near impossible to pull off sequentially , and the punches move so slow it is ridiculous . Despite the slow punching , the lean and block maneuvers still allow you to be hit , no matter where you are . Overall , this game is a nice novelty item , but if you want a fast-paced , smooth playing game , keep your copy of Fight Night 2004 . The only thing that might save it is the addition of Super Punch Out , and thats only if you are a fan of old school Nintendo games .
 Take my advise , rent this game first and ignore the plants here who rave about the game . It is far inferior to last year 's version , so pick that one up for 19.99 .
 After Time Splitters 2 , I was ready for an awesome new version of the game - or at least a heck of an upgrade . Did n't happen . This version is actually much less fun to play than Time Splitters 2 . There is far less of the puzzle-solving element and far more of the run-and-gun FPS element . What I liked about TS2 was the creative way they combined these . What I dislike about TSFP is the way they basically abandon the puzzle piece . Very little thinking involved . Hence , very little challenge left . Plus , worst of all , the game is much SHORTER than its predecessor . It 's as if they sort of gave up in the middle and just pushed something out the door . It 's that old Woody Allen line about life -LRB- paraphrasing -RRB-
 We were very disappointed by Armegeddon 's blade . It 's rated `` E '' for everyone , but it encourages violence & IS NOT appropriate for `` E '' everyone .
 This is a a very bad game . It lacks in all the qualities of boxing . The box the game comes in is deceiving and makes the game quality look great , but it really is n't . The fights are choppy and confusing and it is difficult to tell when you actually land a punch . There is no break in between the rounds and it just starts off right away with no warning . There are only knockouts in the game , which makes it very unrealistic and much less fun . If you get knocked there is no way to get up , the ref makes the count but you still ca n't even attempt to get up , which is the same as the opponent . When a boxer is knocked down , he looks less like he is punched out and more like he is praying.You can create your own boxer in the game , but you can only choose their name , hand , nationality , and looks . There is no way to set your boxers age , height , or weight , which is crucial to creating a boxer . You do set your boxers skills but do not have a chance to improve them after you start your boxer 's career.This game was a real disapointment overall and I am planning to return it as soon as possible . KO pales in comparison to other boxing games such as the Knockout Kings series , and even 4D Boxing made in 1990 . I did give this game 2 stars only because the graphics are commendable and the fact that very few companies even attempt to create a boxing game and this one did . Overall though , I do not recommend this game whatsoever , so do not be decieved by the box it comes in.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 The graphics are good , and thats about it . No realism . I 'm sorry i spent the 30 $ on it , because i only played it for about one day . The biggest disappointment is that if someone gets knocked down , theres no way of getting up , its automatically a knockout .
 I do not see anything to recommend here . Ok the graphics are quite nice , but gameplay is soooo boring . There is so little to make this game fun.Don ' t buy it.Please .
 DO N'T BUY IT !!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK !!! NO LO COMPRES !!! HAY ALGUNA FORMA DE RECUPERAR MI DINERO ?
 I had so much hope when I installed this game , after the great reviews , and just did n't like it at all . The main character does n't quite seem ` planted ' on the ground . Walking thru objects and the low resolution just does n't help , either . * no stars * for a rating .
 I was extremely dissapointed with this game it 's an unrealistic game with situations that are dumber than hiting a real hornets nest with a stick . It is to easy at the begining but then to hard 75 % into the game I 'm still stuck in Columbia mission 8 . -LRB- I mean landing on occupied enemy airbase , come on ! -RRB- The way you are 40 times stronger than the other jets with un realistic weapon effects -LRB- ie Destroying a building with guns -RRB- will leave dedicated flight sim players so dissapointed they 'll cry . If your going to buy a flight sim buy Falcon 4.0 and dont buy Top Gun . -LRB- Trust me -RRB-
 It 's extremely unrealistic and makes enemies 1000 times weaker than they should be , not only that after a while it becomes to hard ! ie Columbia mission 8 . -LRB- land on an enemy airfield come on people think ! -RRB- Whatever you dont buy this if you want to buy a flight sim buy Falcon 4.0 an excellent sim .
 I Had this game for 5 years and I still ca n't figure out whats wrong . Whenever I Insert the CD in its drive , The drive detects a I/O error . so I ca n't install the software . Hasbro Should of made this easier .
 Ok this does have the best graphics , but I dont care what anybody says the friking loading time u have to wait everytime u enter a room almost makes u want to shoot yourself ! It ruined the whole game for me , I seriously threw it away .
 This game is the worst resident evil game yet.I bought this game thinking it would be like all the rest but instead found that it was a horrible spin off.It has bad controls and even worse game play , it makes no sense , so save your time and money and do n't bother with this game , enough said .
 Well my title says it all . The cut aways are too long and extremely boring . The controls are harder than Chinese algebra . All-in-all stay away from this one .
 this is a great game to kill of time . if you are into killing zombies and solving puzzle , then is is the game for you . but if you are into a great story and a good mystery , this is n't the game for you . outbreak 1 and 2 and no stary what so every . they only have only 4 sentece decribeing each charcter . they have 3 to 4 cut screne of each person giving a few words of what they are feeling , nothing much . and they never interact with any others charters in the scene . it has letter decrible small event in the past of the background , but you wo n't say wow . big deal . re1 had a letter -LRB- i got a cut in the lab tonight , if inch , hungry , very inch , very hungry , so hungr ... asume he turn in to a zombie . and letter of normal event taking place and then there final words . if you are looking for an action game that will kill time . its a good buy . but if you are looking for a game with a story that will give you the chills on your back , do n't get this game . i recommend re1 re2 re3 re : code verironic x
 i played this game and i hated it . im so happy i rented it because if i got it i would wont my 50 bucks back for that crappy game dont buy but there is resident evil people that like these games but i hate them if ur like me dont buy it rent it and see how u like it
 While I have played this game one on one , I have not played the game on-line . This may explain the difference between my one star rating and the multitude of five star ratings for this product.As a one person game , Resident Evil Outbreak does not live up to its predecessors . Gone is any semblance of a plot . This is unfortunate since most of the charm of the prior incarnations of this game came from the storyline.Gone also are intuitive controls . Here you have to load each bullet into your gun . Have n't any of these people ever heard of clips . And most frustrating is the snail pace with which the characters accomplish every task . Unless you are running which is immpossible to maintain if you are trying to accomplish anything else , you move at the rate of 1 mile an hour.At some point I feel that a franchise such as the Resident Evil franchise simply puts out products because they know people will buy them based on name recognition . I believe this is the case here . Resident Evil
 I had such high hopes for this game , but nobody else should have to feel this pain . For starters , this game has really bad sound . The Ad-Libing feature is extremely annoying and is practically useless in online mode unless you want to annoy the crap out of your friends and yourself . If you play single player mode , you are tortued with it by the Com players . It is said that Ad-Libbing will help you in a place that you 're stuck , but it does n't . It will , however , do it in an easy puzzle for instance , in J 's Bar it will tell you `` maybe we need to use this key for the forklift . '' Well duh ! it is called the ` Forklift ' key . Then if you 're in front of the locked door it will say something like ` This door is locked , we need to find a way to open it . ' You really do n't need to hear the voices in this game they are very bad , almost as bad as the original PS game.The storyline sucks to say the least . Get out of the city with 7 other people you just met . There 's quite a cast of characters too , we 've got everything from a plumber to a reporter . Sure , I know some people say , ` Well how the heck do those people get into the labs from RE2 ' or ` Why are they in the Hospital ? ' Well think about it , if you look closely at the beginning of the Below Freezing Point level , you 'll notice you begin in the tunnel where the train leaves at the end of RE2 . That lead to a place near the outskirts of town where Sherry , Leon , and Claire all started leaving . They probably go there because they think there are survivors there but end up being totally wrong . As for the hospital , its a place you would feel safe for a while , a shelter if you will.Anyway , now that I cleared that up , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU REALLY ARE DESPERATE FOR A GAME ! You may enjoy it for a while but the bugs and glitches will get to you . After beating each level once , you do n't really want to go back because you have to do it all over again with another idiotic character.Graphics in this game are below those of the GC 's remake but it is understandable due to the fact that the game is online and it has a bunch of stupid comments that we do n't need . The loading times are also bogus in this game too but can be avoided if you have an HDD .
 After playing a few of the other RE games , I was excited about this one , despite the different programmers . Utter disappointment was my experience . In fact , I have n't even attempted other RE games by the same programmers , which were obviously just generated with the RE name for the money .
 If you are like me , you might hold a slight level of skeptism when you hear that a famous video game franchise is going to turn the tables by going online . So I held my breath and wondered , when I read up on previews I was pretty impressed with the way it sounded on paper . The thought of a survival horror game with multiple players struggling for survival against ghastly monsters just was so tempting and really alluring . But when you get down to it , when Capcom finally conceived the game and just the simple tidbit that creator Shinji Mikami was going to have no input at all . The game pretty much shows itself as a turn into the wrong direction , terrible programming tactics and horrid implemenation the concepts drawn out.Online diagnosisI have n't played a whole lot online , actually my online time clocked in at about three hours . So maybe , just maybe my critique is n't going to be 100 % fool-proof . But I 'm sure I can at least give a proper judgement call on what I EXPERIENCED online . For one , we all know Sony has no head-set where online communication is posssible at all . Bummer really because this makes me favor Xbox Live all the more . So without having a formal way of communicating there essentially becomes 4 players on the screen who may or may not know what to do . It 's really frustrating to have your teammates leave you when you needed some assistance or for them to go on ahead and there is no method to tell your team members.Offline diagnosisOk , so we got the single-player mode for anyone who lacks a friend or two . Or maybe you 're just unsure rather the online experience of Sony is really worth the time and day . Well as for as playing alone goes -- it is beneficial . The scenarios you unlock here which total to five can only be played online when you have completed them . Problem is , the A.I. is just as bad if not worse then when you are teamed up with your online counter-parts . If you need a character to hold a key for you which by the way could be VERY crucial later on ; it 's saddening to see them drop it and replace it with it a pipe . And there is a set of commands much like Freedom Fighters and Rainbow Six . They are limited though , to worsen it there is a lack of a graphical display where you can select the appropriate commands . So it all falls on the analog stick and how you move it -- to me it felt they were more random then set . So I wanted my fellow comrades to follow me up the ladder , instead they go off and fight the zombies taking one for the team . Speaking of which , offline character interaction is relevant . The moods of your team depend solely on how you interact with them , the more you assist them in need they 'll return the favor and save you when you need it . Their behaviors vary so it might take longer to befriend some characters more than others.Dated control schemeWhat in the world went on in the minds of Capcom , did n't they know better then to configure the controls much like the past Resident Evils ' and I mean really the PAST ones . Moving the characters around still feels like you are attempting to move the hand of a Grandfather Clock . The game itself is 3D but in a pseudo kind of fashion , so in actuality you 're playing this game more like it is set on pre-rendered backgrounds . And worse yet what bogs both variations of the game down is the loading . Really I have n't see these kinds of loading times since the dawn of the 32-bit era . Take into consideration if you must back track which is much of a integral component of Resident Evil as the zombies are and you can pretty much spell out N-O-T F-U-N . It hurts the scare factor too , really if you are being hunted down by a hunter at dead way , than you must pursue into the next room for cover , too see the ugly load screens pop-up diminishes the fear level.I would n't totally dismiss this titleWhen it comes right down to it , RE Outbreak could have been the best thing to hit the video game biz since slice cheese or ... maybe Legend of Zelda rings a better tune . But the overall results are certainly sub-par , long loading times , exceedingly bad artificial intelligence both with actual humans and computerized entities . Toss in a ridiculous save system that only allows one save slot and is temporary . All these wrongs , where is the light at the end of the tunnel ? Well , for starters the visuals are nicely done , they pretty much show off the PS2 's hardware . Nice character models , detailed shots of Raccoon City and sweet animation are all abound . There also is some neat ideas , like if you can not face off against the hordes of demons due to a lack of weaponary you can exchange it all for setting up some shelter . Take for example , knocking down a fence and tightening it with staples thanks to a special tool . There are some really bright ideas a mist , sadly the game developers did n't pull the punches enough on their debugging and quality control staff . Simply put it , if you love Resident Evil that much , invest in the add-on Hard drive and do n't mind silent companions to venture with online . By all means , I suggest it but other than that if you share the same feelings as I , a rental is otherwise considered . It will save you a lot of money , believe me .
 This Game Sucked Big Time . Now before you guys start ripping me for saying this on the fly , I 'll tell you what 's wrong with it . First of all , the game is really slow-paced in comparison to other resident evil games such as Resident evil 1 and 3 . Also , if you do n't have anybody to play this with , this could be a long boring game . Frankly , not a lot of people have the guts to play Resident Evil Games , so this tag team thing is really a serious issue with this game . But , the most amazing thing about this game is the level of difficulty that it has . Even in easy mode you will have problem fighting your way out of the mess . When a Zombie touches you , you will see an infection percentage that goes up with the speed of light and no green or blue herb will fix it . Also the controls suck big time for this game , and it will ground you down after a while . All in all , I recommend renting this game first before buying it since you might actually like it . I did not , so I am getting rid of my copy . Should have rented it first !!
 I actually own ` Resident Evil
 I waited until the day this game came out to buy it.I was hoping for this game to be really fun like RE1 ,2,3 and code veronica but when I put it in I was Uterly disapointed , the game play was very bad with very bad controls , The other Resident Evil games had better controls.The other thing is that this game had no story line , you just start off in a bar and run from zombies.Do not get this game just wait for RE4 .
 The title says it all ! I am a HUGE RE fan , and own every game . I have played every RE game for hour after gory hour , over and over for the sheer fun of it ... except this game . It has no interesting characters from the RE storyline . The characters are boring , as are the slow-moving encounters . The necessary trading of items with NPC 's adds nothing to the game , and in fact makes the game even slower and more tedious . Difficult is great ... tedious is not . I never even cared to finish a single round , which says something b/c it was very easy by RE standards -LRB- at least , as far as I played into it -RRB- . INCREDIBLY disappointing . A real departure from the series !
 For gamers , there are few worse fates than this
 by the terrible new controls of the game . why change up the controls from a hugely successful franchise ? stupid . the camera angles are the worst i 've seen in a resident evil game ; who knows where the enemies are ?!? i must state that i am a huge RE fan , but i could not be any less interested in playing online games -LRB- especially with the ps2 -RRB- . i think the single-player campaign in this game was glossed over in a rush because capcom was focused on putting out a RE online game . what a mistake.RE4 looks like it will be cool for the Cube , but who knows ? hopefully Outbreak does n't sell well and capcom goes back to the basics which everyone has loved for over a decade now.quit screwing up RE , capcom !!! the graphics should be better with each release , but do n't monkey around with the controls . a successful franchise is successful for a reason , and does n't need to be overhauled each time a new game comes out .
 this game is fun for about five minutes , then you start hearing all of the annoying characters repeat their ignorant and random one line , headache-inducing blurts of stupidity . i bought this game the day it came out , only to be almost totally sick of it by the end of the evening . loading times take an eternity , no decapitations , very little room to carry items , and a story line that has no cohesion make this game a sorry heir to the resident evil franchise , which by the way , is a joke these days anyhow . i would n't even recommend this a rental to my worst enemy .
 You know , I had anticipated more , at least the kind of `` more '' survival horror fans yearn for . What a disappointment to play the most recent version of a series I 've really loved playing
 Dear Capcom , you are really getting on my nerves . I am really upset with you about RE Outbreak and RE Dead aim . I think you are just getting lazy . I loved resident evil 2 , 3 , and code veronica , but the latest RE releases have been greatly disapointing . This game has too many problems -LRB- ie
 Resident Evils 1 & 2 for the original Playstation are two of the best games ever made . RE2 alone surpasses nearly all the other horror based games that were created for the consule , and there were plenty to follow . With the evolution of the new gaming systems came new Resident Evil games . RE Nemsis proved to be a challenging game of cat and mouse . RE Survivor squandered in its attempt to switch the horror genre to the first person . Now Resident Evil is back on the Playstation after some new titles under the Nintendo name . The suspsense and antcipation for the game were killing me so I quickly bought it when it was released in April of this year . Little did I know that the game itself would kill me . RE Outbreak is quite frankly the most dissapointing horror game in the storied franchise . The game is bad , very bad , and it has a number of reasons why . First , you can not turn a survial based game into a team effort . The fact that you have to help nearly everyone in this game just as much as yourself is ridiculous . The game does n't allow you to focus on the tasks and puzzles at hand , not to mention the 5 billion zombies that are thrown your way . The loading screens are absolutely agonizing . They were never good on the PSOne , so you think with the adaption to the PS2 this minor glich would get cleared up . Oops . The story is slow , the characters are dull , and the constant reptitive lines spoken by them is enough to make you want to turn into a zombie . Oh wait , you can in this game , and then kill all of your teammates . What ? Who came up with that brillant idea ? With such a storied past you think Capcom would play off its original success . Instead , Resident Evil Outbreak is dead on arrival .
 I did not like this game compared to the others for seeral reasons 1 reoccuring enemies every time you go in a room kill all the enemies leave turn around and come back there they pop up again exactly how they did the first time and guess what you have to kill them all again while your ammo is rapidly depleting which gets to my second reason for not enoying the game . 2 . You would figure in a game with a reoccuring enemies they would have plenty of ammo WRONG ! and thats not even the worst part . Most of the ammo you get is a diffent caliber than the one to the gun your using so you cant use it until you either find that gun or one of your pals who has it . Just imagine dealing with this kinda crap when zombies keep coming at you and you cant go back in the previous room without dealing with the same ones all over again . 3 . Same oldstyle outdated movements of characters as the very 1st Resident Evil which is almost 10 years old . OVERALL just a frustrating game especially for single play . RESIDENT EVIL 4 ROCKS THOUGH !
 This game is horrible , havent had a chance to play the network games but the scenario games are horrible , do n't waste your money buying this game .
 I am a huge fan of the Resident Evil series and out of the games I have played this is the worst . I have to say that the characters are stupid , obnoxious , and terribly crated . But on the plus side the graphics are fantastic and not very glitchy The only decent character is Koko . This is the worst game in my 100 games that I have .
 This is possibly the worst game I 've ever played bsides State of Emergency . Do n't listen to the good reviews . This game is horrible and totally betrays the RE games . I would n't even recommend buying it , it 's horrible . I 've only gotten it to the second scenario and i 'm already thinking of returning it . If you 've never played an RE game but want to go and buy the first and second one and the third . This game is totally dissapointing . I do not recommend it save your money for Silent Hill 4 .
 the games is all messed up and when i try to contact the seller nobody gets back to me .
 This is the first game i have ever pre-ordered , and i took it back for trade in the same day . The graphics are good ... and thats the only thing that is good about this game . But graphics dont make a game . The loading time in this game is horrible , taking about 15 seconds or more to load a room . What happens if you accidently go into a wrong room ? You got it , another 15 second wait . Youve just wasted 30 seconds of what could have been playing time.The HDD cuts the loading time in half but come on Sony , you expect me to shell out another $ 100 to make up for your INFERIOR systems failings ? IS REO worth paying $ 150 to play ? I dont think so . If your a RE fan , youd be better of buying a GameCube and playing RE remake or RE zero . Trust me , it would be a better experience and cost you even less than $ 150 for the system and the two games .
 Ok I might not be the biggest re fan out there but i do have the need for some fantastic gaming experiences . First off on a good note it is a beautiful game with realistic cut scenes and great effects , But the downsides pull the whole game down . There are no storylines no explainations nor much backgrounds on the character at all . Then they kill re2 's adventure into the umbrella corps labs . When you start each senario they give you no reason why your there , or why you are with your AI -LRB- Which they hardly do anything at all ! -RRB- . The senario 's are boring and dull as you run around trying to find way to excape from whereever you are . I bet most of you people out there will be beating up on my review but just remember this capcom is falling and there taking resident evil with it !
 Survival Horror?More like Survival Frustration.Capcom 's latest offering in their once-mighty ` Biohazard ' series sees us , the players , forced to take command of one of a host of forgetable , dull characters in the same-esque city and sewer scenarios , and once again avoid the moans and groans of unconvincingly animated and blatantly unscary ` zombies ' -LRB- though , to be fair , most of them sound like the elderly infirm ... -RRB- while the T-Virus outbreak ravages Racoon City.Sound familiar?Well , it is . Bar a VERY frustrating online mode -LRB- with no voice recognition control , hateful NPC interaction and a connection mode less stable than Ms. Sally Field in `` Sybil '' -RRB- , `` Outbreak '' is basically a clone of a clone of a game concept from 1995 . Which , 9 years later , has n't aged at all well.GRAPHICS
 The five mini scenarios resemble small side episodes taken out of RE 2 and RE 3 games , but do n't have anything to do with the characters of either game . The plot in each scenario is a bit inadequate . All scenarios are short , except for the last one , which feels more like a full RE game.To enjoy the game , you have to be lucky and pick the right character to start out with . The game now has a time limit for each scenario , which manifests itself as a T-virus infection . Kevin will often be accompanied by Allyson who swears nearly constantly . The `` S '' word is spoken a lot . The `` F '' word is written nearly fully ! If you play as Kevin , you 'll end up hating the game before it even starts . Just about all characters have useless special items except one , Yoko . She has a bag which can carry four more item , which is almost critical . I suggest you play all scenarios as Yoko , at least the first time around!Aiming the gun is more difficult . The game does n't pause as you go through your inventory . If you get bumped by a zombie , you loose your inventory screen and have to go back again . This can be really frustrating at first and takes a lot of getting used to . I think Capcom is trying to put the scare back into RE but with gameplay tricks instead of monsters surprising you . It may work out eventually , but most RE veterans will have their opinions when playing this RE.Some puzzles are tough with a few clues misleading . There are two or three such lousy puzzles that will make you swear evil . You should obtain a good walkthrough , just in case.About the introductory movie . I 've seen this style before in Metal Gear Solid
 I love the Resident Evil series but this game just made me angry . More specifically , I 'm angry at Capcom for developing `` RE : Outbreak '' with the intention of making it a game you have to play online to get the most out of it . I do n't want to play a video game online and to make the offline aspects of this one so annoying makes `` RE : Outbreak '' a real letdown . The worst part was having those other characters constantly following you and babbling nonsense to you that makes little sense -LRB- saying one thing while another thing is written onscreen -RRB- . It would 've been nice to have the option to turn off the onscreen dialogue or better yet , play the game with just one person onscreen -LRB- the character you 're playing -RRB- instead of having this posse of people who really do n't help you getting in your way when you 're trying to do something -LRB- like picking up an item only to have someone else take it and run off -RRB- . Let 's not even get started on the ultra-slow loading times.I will give Capcom credit for making `` RE : Outbreak '' a beautiful looking game but that 's about it . If Capcom wants to convince me to buy any more Resident Evil games , they 'll have make them more user-friendly and not cater them almost exclusively to online users . If nothing else , make a PC version of Resident Evil for online play and the console version for offline users like me .
 This game is weird and is nothing like Resident Evil 0,1,2,3 . I hated two of the games Capcom made in the series , one of them was Resident Evil Survivor , the other is Dead Aim . This game is better than them but its just weird and time consuming and not scary , just frustrating . I am glad i rented it and didnt buy it . If you like Dead Aim it might be good for you and online gaming is fun but i am looking forward to Resident Evil 4 on gamecube . This game gave me headaches , but it has a different taste , its unique gameplay with great graphics but not for me . Online players might like it .
 This is the first Resident Evil game I tried . I like playing Survival Horror games , for example , Silent Hill and Clock Tower 3 . However , this game is the worst I have ever played . I was disappointed because of the following reasons :1 . Long and frequent loading time . A large part of the game time is spent on loading . It makes a very annoying experience in playing the game .2 . The inventory system . You are allowed to carry limited amount of items at the same time . Therefore , you have to constantly backtrack and find the itme that you really need.I have sent two hours and still can not figure out what I need in the first Scenario in the game .3 . Confusing control . Besides normal game control , you also need to communicate with your computer partners in the game . It makes the control confusing to me .4 . Confusing gameplay . Your computer parnters basically run around with no reason .5 . Time pressure . You pick up game manuals in the game , but you will not have time to read it because the game itself does not pause when you reading it . That is , the zombie can attack you while you are reading a 13-page manual . As a result , I am still confused about the game control .
 I have played this game for 5 days and I coulnt get passed the first level.It is slower than turtles and very hard.When you walk into another room , oh my gosh , I can take a coffe break of how long it takes to load.How long dose it take one person to just read something like `` Womens Restroom '' . If you love Resident Evil.For this game you can just kiss your Residential Evil likeness goodbye .
 I have been a big fan of the Resident Evil games since the beginning . This is by far the worst RE game to date . The other characters that you interact with are extremely annoying . They constantly repeat the same few words over and over again . They also seem to die rather quickly , even against weak enemies like the zombies . Moving from room to room will also make you angry . You can take a nap in the amount of time from when you open the door to a room and actually step in it . Maybe it 's just me , but the controls seem to have become worse too . The kick and tackle commands are next to useless , and most of the camera angles just plain suck . I am very disappointed with this game . Horrible job on this one Capcom . I wish I could give it 0 stars .
 Dear Capcom , you are really getting on my nerves . I am not buying any more games produced by Capcom until they realease Resident Evil 4 for the Playstation2 as well as the Gamecube . For those of you who do n't know , Capcom has announced that it will only be realeasing RE 4 for the GameCube and not the PS2 because of a contact they have with Nintendo . It is just plain wrong . As for this game dear Capcom , I am really upset with you about RE Outbreak and RE Dead aim . I think you are just getting lazy . I loved resident evil 2 , 3 , and code veronica , but the latest RE releases have been greatly disapointing . This game has to many problems to list . Do n't buy it , rent it first and then decide .
 After Dead Aim , PS2 RE games could n't get any worse , right ? Wrong . I 've played every RE game from Director 's Cut on PS1 to Zero on Gamecube , and this is worst second only to Gun Survivor.Let 's start with the online aspect . Not everyone HAS broadband connection or wants it to play just one or two games . That alone loses it points.It does have 1P mode , but it is horrible . You get 1-4 NPC 's to ` help ' you . All they help do is blow ammunition . Whatever weapons they have , they use the best one , i.e. , give them a pipe and a shotgun and they 'll use the shotgun until it runs out . They also have no concept of teamwork . They will run off without one wit for you . Occasionally they 'll blast a zombie off you when you 're attacked , but mostly stand around and talk . They also do n't help at all with puzzles.The items system is also like RE : Zero -LRB- not good -RRB- . You get 4 slots , and can juggle between the characters , but that can be hazardous , b/c the NPC 's can run off with the item , or die , and then you ca n't get it back . Also like Zero , there 're no item boxes . You leave stuff either with a person or on the floor and hope you remember where you left it.Lastly , the story ; THERE IS NONE ! The game is a chain of scenarios , which have no connection . You can go from a bar to a lab with no explaination in between . A lot of the game is just repeats of the last games ; same puzzles , same mechanics , even the same locations.The only saving graces are two things ; one , the weapons . One of the characters is capable of making weapons , such as flamethrowers and tasers , and the weapons you can find are interesting . Bullets usually are n't that hard to find unless you 're also letting the NPC 's have some as well.The second is the feeling of the game . It 's like the old ` Night of the Living Dead . ' Zombies are breaking in all around , and you 're just a regular person fighting to stay alive . You can barricade yourself , run , or fight , and it feels very fast-paced . Other than that , however , there 's nothing spectacular here unless you plan on buying a broadband link .
 Not much to say here , it 's like analyzing a football game when the score is 50 to 0 . The game has terrible controls -LRB- worse than before -RRB- , laughable load times and it 's boring . It 's not scary at all , I 'm serious . It also has no definate characters to really build a story on . It just does n't have that tense feeling of serious Resident Evil 's past . Even if you 're a fan and just think anything with Zombies is cool , you will change you 're mind . RE has always been about cool . This games characters and their constantly cheesy out of place lines get very annoying . Imagine a person climbing a latter and then in the midde of the act just screaming out '' I do n't know what to do ! '' even as they keep climbing . If you 're like me you expected much more from this one . Just wait till RE4 , it better be beyond good .
 This was the worst game I ever played . I coud n't even get pass the first part . There 's no storyline and I had time to fix a grilled cheese sandwhich in between rooms . Thats how long the load times were ! You run around tryin to save yourself from zombies when the real zombies are right behind you ! This mindless group of people running around supposedly trying to help you . All they really do is get in the way and run off without you . Lets not even get started on the repeated `` have you found anything yet ? '' This game was not worth $ 50 bucks . I took it back the next day and got a full refund .
 I played this game for maybe 40 minutes before asking myself , `` what 's the point ? '' The game is non responsive , un logical , and completely boring . I will say though , the graphics are AMAZING and the opening cutscene is maybe my favorite cutscene of all time.Anyways , I 'm trading this in for a PS2 copy of RE4 today , and I expect most people will want to do the same .
 I 'm not a big time reviewer , the only reason I 'm writing this to tell you how much this game SUCKS ! While being a BIG fan of RE series from the very first one , this one is probably the worst one I 've ever played . I 've finished all RE series -LRB- except Code Veronica -RRB- , and now when I have RE Outbreak , I just ca n't force myself to even complete a single scenario ... The worst thing IMHO is that you ca n't carry more that 4 items at the same time ... Yeah I know that you can give some stuff to your partners to carry , but those morons usually lose -LRB- or change to some other item -RRB- it and if it 's key or some other important item , you 'll have to look for it -LRB- might find it , might not -RRB- . Also , your partners do n't listen to your commands and they mess up everything , you have to chase them down in order to help them if they got attacked , etc. . The other bad thing is that every time you go in a room , kill all the enemies and come back there , they pop up again exactly how they did the first time and guess what - you have to kill them all again while your ammo is rapidly depleting . There 's even some monster in the 3-rd scenario that ca n't be killed and the monster shows up in every 5 minutes in any room you are in , so either you have to avoid it -LRB- a chance to get hurt -RRB- , or to shoot a lot to make him fall for a sec to get away - notice that there 's NOT a plenty of ammo in the game . The controls are the same as it was in the very first RE , I think they could have improved it , for example to add the ability to actually move while you shoot and attack . The last but not least is the time it needs to load between room to room - it takes forever ... The game overall might not be too bad -LRB- the graphics and sound are not too bad , not a big deal though -RRB- , but for the fun I 'd rate it 0 or even -5 if I could . The bottom line - this game is really NOT worst playing and that 's what I 'm doing , I 'm NOT playing it -LRB- jeez , I ca n't believe I 'm saying that -RRB- , just waiting till the next big thing comes out !
 The graphics of out break were with out doubt quite possibly the best ps2 has ever seen . But you cant change camera angles you cant move quickly all in all the game sucks ! it 's like watching a bad movie . i loved the resident evil games ! but this one seems like they spent way too much time beefing it up and for got that keeping it simple is always best!Sorry 2 stars .
 To anyone considering buying this game for the offline features only , be warned : This game is a huge step backwards for lovers of the Resident Evil series . After playing the excellent Code Veronica X , R.E. Remake , and R.E. Zero I was exited to purchase this title on its release date . I wish I had read the review or rented it first . I put my copy up for sale , at half price , on Amazon Marketplace after only 4 days . I was just that bad.My experience is based on 2 factors . First , I only played the game offline . Second I do not have the PS2 hard drive . Perhaps this game is excellent for people who have these 2 things , but the offline game appears just to be an afterthought for those who do n't . The load times are horrendous . I spent more time looking at a blank screen than actually playing the game.The absolute worst thing about playing this game solo is dealing with the irritating artificial intelligence characters controlled by the computer . They say and do the most ridiculous things and really detract from the experience . I found myself begging for a way to silence them or just outright remove them from the game , but this is not an option.Bottom Line
 Thought RE3 had beaten this stage to death ? One more time , ordains Capcom . Raccoon city has been taken over by zombies . Sadly there is no real story to this game other than that ! You spend most of your time roaming through frozen or burning halls looking to solve puzzles , that one , at least from The Hive scenario , are more frustrating than fun , while constantly being chased by a blood sucking leech man . No , I did n't make that up.Multiplayer is great on the first level , You 're pretty much being chased down by a pack of zombies while being able to protect and guide others over broadband connections , and it makes for an exciting rush having seen the introduction FMV explaining the situation of the scenario . The other scenarios ? Let 's just say they involve incidences that the viewer is completely unaware of -LRB- at least this one -RRB- , thus resulting in utter confusion and disinterest.One point that I 'd like to make about Outbreak is that it becomes rather vain . Each scnario you start out somewhere , something is happening , there 's no explanations except for the first scenario , and perhaps the last -LRB- I have n't bothered yet -RRB- , therefore there is no drama . Only confusion . It becomes disparaging to wonder constantly , why do our main characters keep plunging themselves into these horrible places with no way out ? For instance , in The Hive scenario , how do they get into a hospital that is locked down tight ? How is the only way out through the sewer ? If there 's no way out from your starting position , how did they get into this mess with Mr. Leech ? -LRB- On a side note , Mr. Leech man attacks a doctor . Later , the same doctor appears on the floor after Leech Man has been freed of his little assailants , proving to be the Leech Man all along . So there are two dead bodies of an identical man . Makes sense so far ? Good . -RRB- Alas , nearly all the scenarios aside the first start out in a similar manner . How lazy of the designers/developers . In short , there is no story . There are just many aimless incidences that add up to zero.The best things going for this game has to be the crisp graphics , multiplayer function and unlockable collections you earn with points having completed scenarios . It 's only a shame you ca n't beat scenarios on multiplayer first . You must complete them on single player before you are allowed to play them online.Wow . An online game you must beat offline to play online . Brilliant.The absolute WORST thing about this game is the loading periods and incessant voice commands of the A.I. while in single player mode trying to solve the usually lame puzzles the designers have conveniently laid down to make you want to punch the characters in the face with all their prattle . Nothing is more frustrating than constantly being reminded of how lame you are by the snot-nosed reporter or listening to the wallowing of a train employee . `` My life is s ** t. '' Is n't this a mature rated game ? What 's with the child-like comic relief?Raccoon City SHOULD have ended with RE3 . It was a good last escape from this wretched place , that I can say I am finally tired of seeing and hearing about in the RE series .
 very bad game i am very disapointed very ! i rented this game . in the beginging it was ok then it got bad . there are these gay people following you every where they make these stupied coments about how scared they are and they die like every minute . and they keep making the same stupied comments . VERY BAD GAME !!!!! do n't try it ! it is stupied ! try resident evil 2 alot better game ! the reason why i rated this game 1 star because it is bad and please do n't buy it because it is a bad bad bad bad bad game !!!! this the truth about this game so do n't try it at all ok
 Ok , 5 scenarios and thats it ! Prepare for a game that provides no overall theme or story ! And its all over after 5 scenarios ! Wouldnt waste my money buying !
 i found this at a resale shop for $ 2 im glad i did n't buy it on amazon for $ 10 . This was the worst game i ever played . It was so bad you would ' t believe it . Please take my word for it and do n't buy this game and waste your money .
 Man , I 'm glad I rented instead of buying . This game is unbelievably bad . The reasons are way too many to list . I just wanted to contribute some bad feedback to a game that truly does not deserve to be called Resident Evil . If you thought the movie was great , you 're probably mindless enough to like this game . If not , stay away .
 This game has impressive graphics , but it 's unbelievable how many hold times there are !!! Every single time you change a room , there is a hold time . I felt like I was waiting half the time and playing the game the other half . I actually want to play more of this game , but I do n't want to deal with waiting every minute or so when I have to go into another room . Get rid of the countless hold times and this game is great . They should have put more time/effort into this game .
 Never thought I would feel this way about a Resident Evil game , but I 'm disappointed with what Outbreak had to offer . How I yearn for the days of RE 2 and 3 ! Come back Jill ! There are a few good points that come to mind with RE Outbreak . I can tell you that I really enjoyed the aspect of playing as relatively `` average '' characters and not someone with tactical combat experience . It makes you consider what a real human would do in such a situation , despite how ridiculous it may seem . Perhaps we may never fall victim to a zombie infestation , but making our way through the game as an everyday person gives us something to easily relate to.Overall I have been plagued with the saddeness that this game does not feature a single , long story line that follows all of the characters . Maybe we could have followed four of the characters in the first chapter , then one of the characters decides to split up , meeting up with another character . From there , we could help these two characters survive through a short ordeal until they meet up with two of the other characters ... something like that . But this does n't happen ! Instead , there is a choice of several scenarios , of which there seems to be no connection between one or the other . They all stand alone and obviously support the online concept , but does nothing for the single player , offline , who would rather just have a good , solid storyline that takes us through the lives of these `` average '' citizens as they make their way out of Racoon City.Loved the idea of playing the part of a soft - spoken student or an unconfident subway worker . Hated the absence of a good , solid storyline . We do n't get the feeling of `` My name is ` so and so ' and this is my story '' . Instead we get `` what if this happened ? '' , `` what if that happened ? '' . Breath life into these characters!Purchase it for the online/multiplayer function . But as for single player ... it just is n't satisfying .
 An online Resident Evil game ? Sounds great ! However , slow load times , and a lack of keyboard or voice support really bring it down . While this had the chance to be a stellar game , it 's basically just something for the more hardcore Resident Evil fans rather than just someone with a passing interest in the series . Granted , the load times can be improved if you have the game installed on your PS2 HDD , but not many people have them seeing as only three games out of all the PS2 games ever released in America use them and the new redesigned PS2 does n't even have a slot for the HDD to fit in . So , if you 're a Resident Evil fan , and have the network adaptor for your PS2 , you should check the game out . -LRB- and if that 's you , you probably already have the game anyway -RRB- If not , you could probably pass this one up . NnyCW for CapCity .
 this game has very good graphics and ok controls , but overall a very tedious game . you can carry only very limited amount of items . the saving system is very weird -LRB- nutjobs must have thought of this saving system -RRB- . you also need to complete the level -LRB- or scenario -RRB- within the time limit . if you die , you have to start from the very beginning . not fun at all ! by the way , this is NOT a scary game , just annoying !
 I bought this game after reading the comments of the other versions of Resident Evil , the first level in the bar and in the buildings it 's easy , but when you arrive to the `` Below Zero '' level , it 's difficult to find out what to do . The movement of the characters is slow , clumsy , the A.I. it 's a joke , bad comments and the loading process from room to room takes a lot of time . Good graphics for a bad game . Why ?
 I put this junk right back for sale on Amazon , after I beat it today . Who knows ? maybe I 'm old now , to me the humor was dried out . The graphics sucked , even with my PS2 component cable . The music was weird and giant foot steps near the end of the game were iritating , as well as some alarms . Everybody whom played this game know those two computers are stupid hard to link up unessesarily . `` I know I ca n't spell , but I 'm leaven it like that '' . One thing I liked alot though , was you can customize the controller , but the engineers make you change weapons too much , AND even take your weapons after the missions . I felt like throwin ' this game in the toilet .
 If the only shooter you 've ever played is the oringinal `` Doom '' or `` Duke Nuke 'Em '' , or if you 're under 12 years old , then you 'll probably like this game.If , however , you 've ever played Black , SOCOM , Everything Or Nothing , Cold Winter , Splinter Cell , Max Payne , Syphon Filter -LRB- including the PS1 Syphon Filter -RRB- , Red Faction , or any other decent shooter , then you 'll be bored out of you mind like I was . This game is cartoonish and has a distinct arcade-game feel to it . Every 20 seconds someone is telling you which way to go . Kills are very unsatisfying and weapons lack that visceral feel that you get in the games listed above.Don ' t be foold
 when I first started playing this game I was really happy with it . It had a lot of character to it , and a lot of humor as well . Good gameplay and variety of situations . Quite a bit of imagination went into this game . But I got to tell ya this is the first time I 've ever took the CD out and smashed it to pieces . It was a level where you had to decode 3 different computers and after trying to get this sequence 15-20 times , I had enough . I just smashed the freakin Cd , and it felt mighty good to do it . Whoever made the game knew that this particular level was a pain in the but and i think that they took great pride in making the gamer 's life so difficult . Why ca n't they just make a game that is n't pretentious . Just good gaming situations and a lot of fun . This game has really deterred me from buying another game . Maybe I 'm just getting to old for this s * & # .
 i endorse evry word there . Much better on the xbox on gamecube , and i 'm not biased ` cos i have a ps2 with 26 games and i 'm just hurt that the games is more fun on those two consoles .
 It 's ok for a few hours , after that , use cheat codes to open up the better cars and tracks , play for a few more hours , But after all that I thought it was a average game with some control problems with the cars , it actually mimics R/C cars to well , and the AI was alot faster than most players can keep up with so expect to win only a few tracks . A few bugs , but not serious ones .
 This game is one of the lamest games that I have ever played . I like South park but this game is so lame my yonger brother wo n't even play it . A word of advice is to not buy this game .
 I ordered
 You have to wait too long to do anything with your dog . This game is so boring compared to Nintendogs ! Save your money !!! I just got this game for my 11th birthday and I wish I could return it for something more amusing .
 This game was ` nt fun for me at all . It was to hard riding the bike and it 's just a boring game overall . Planing to trade it in for beowulf .
 Pros
 not the best game but not that bad . If your into racing game you may like it but if your a hard core gamer your may not
 el juego fue parte del combo para la PS3 80GB , asi que uno siempre le busca el lado positivo.pero un juego que se jacta de soportar hasta 12 jugadores , como es posible que no sea capaz de simplemente dejar que dos controles se conecten y puedan jugar.uno se pregunta si los dise & ntilde ; adores son inexpertos o simplemente no les importa ofrecer un buen producto para obligarlo a comprar otro . verdaderamente una decepcion.en si el juego es bueno sino fuera por lo anterior y definitivamente no vale la pena comprarlo .
 I 'm sorry but this is the first game I ever bought that was only one player ! Sure you can play on the internet against eleven other people . But what happen to people having fun in the same room with two or four players having a blast splitscreen . What is the point of having four controller support if most games are online multyplayer ! A racing game that does not support two or four player splitscreen is INSANE !!!! Do n't get me wrong , the game is fairly good for single play . But that suffers too with so little tracks and you on some levels your forced to play only a certain vehicle type ! While your computer racers have any vehicle they want ! PS3 is going to suffer big time if it do n't get any decent made games very soon . Except Resistance Fall of Man . Now thats a game ! The Only one Made Right !
 I waited and waited for this game to come out after playing the demo and I am glad I rented it first . This is a major disappointment . The graphic was fine but the actual game playing was so boring . I was only able to play no more than an hour before I took it back to Block Buster . The graphic and the exploding effects got old after a while and I find the game a bit choppy and NOT as smooth as the demo -LRB- went back and played the demo and confirmed that it is much smoother -RRB- . Now , Rachet & Clank game is the game to get .
 The graphics are great and the play exceptional , but if you were looking to share the experience with anyone else , other than on-line , forget it . THIS IS A SINGLE PLAYER GAME , which is hard to believe in a racing game . Is n't the whole point of racing , to compete against someone else ? Yes , you can compete on-line , but all of that side-by-side interaction is lost . I had waited for this release so that I could play side-by-side against my brothers and friends , but not with this title . Perhaps if EA Sports had released it , it would have lived up to its billing . Sorry Sony , you again deliver less than the hype .
 Man , what are you people thinking ? This is just a PS2 game with updated graphics . The controls are HORRIBLE . The 6 axis gimmick really shows how weak it is here . Skip this game , it is a big waste of time . There are about 10,000 better racing games for the PS2 or xbox .
 I have bought about a dozen titles now and this is my least favorite . My kids also played it for about 3 days , got bored with it , and havent played it since . Here are the issues :1 . Needs offline multiplayer . I want to race my kids . They want to race me and eachother . We arent buying a ps3 for each member of the family . The box said multiplayer . GIM ME MUPLTIPLAYER ACTION with people i know .2 . The game is kind of repetitive .3 . The game is difficult , you will play a long time to win a single race and be able to advance to the next race . Takes longer than your interest will allow.DONT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL OFFLINE MULTIPLAYER IS AVAILABLE . Then it may be worthwhile , otherwise too many better titles out there .
 I would love for game advertisers to know the difference between online multiplayer and console multiplayer . There is a very important difference . This game lacks the ability to be played as a multiplayer console game.Sony , your misleading advertising -LRB- through lack information -RRB- is most disappointing .
 The game features incredible graphics and a wide variety of vehicles but that 's about it . It is clear programmers took a lot of short cuts such as using the same tracks over and over and over ... They also used the age old -LRB- and very unrealistic -RRB- trick of having the computer controlled vehicles vary their speed based on your success . The better you do , the better they do . So if you 're struggling just stop , wait ten seconds and then you 'll be able to catch the leaders . You can also get your vehicle stuck in several places with nothing in the programming to reset you . Your only option is to hold the boost button down until you explode . But by the time that happens , the competition is long gone . I 've played a lot of great racing games ... this is n't one of them .
 Game is fun in the beginning when it is beatable but later the opponents will not try to win in favor of stopping you from winning . They will slow when you are stuck behind them . Also the menu selection process is slow and non intuitive . I could not figure what I was suppose to do . Do you have to come in first on all races etc ? Loading and selecting the vehicles was slow . I could not finish as it got too difficult and frustrating and repetitive .
 First off the game looks , feels , and appears amazing . Best graphics and handling of a racing game i 've seen . However it gets boring real quick . There are very few tracks and you just keep doing them over and over and the only thing that changes is the type of vehicle you drive and the difficulty . And the few tracks that there are , are n't even that fun to begin with . I 'm only on level two , and I 'm already bored.Get this game if you like cheap thrills , but if you 're looking for substance and re-playability , this game sucks.Take a lesson from Off road fury 4 , they had a ton of great tracks . You could upgrade your vehicle , buy new vehicles , and there was even a story mode . This game gives you no incentive to keep playing .
 Before I got this game , I thought it looked kinda cute . When I played it , it was okay , but pretty boring overall . You can teach your hamster to talk , which was kind of fun but sometimes I said one thing , and it thought I said another thing . Also , in order to play the mini games , you have to wait for your hamster to want to play and then it picks a mini game and a difficulty . The biggest dissapointment was the Ham-country . There is n't one . After I played it for a while , I could n't find anything about the ham country in the game booklet or in the game . I looked at some sites , and other reviewers said there is no ham country , and it was a misprint . Overall , this game was a huge dissapointment , but still a little fun if you like taking care of vitual pets .
 This game was a let-down . The North American version seems to have a problem and the Ham-Country was left out of the final game . I suggest contacting UbiSoft to verify before purchasing , to be sure of what you are getting . I have n't seen any updated news as to if the game will be re-released correctly . That is information I saw while visiting gaming fan sites that were discussing this game at great length.Another problem with the gameplay is the very poor text translation . Some of the phrases the hamster says are difficult to understand because the English is so poorly typed.The hamsters are cute and the mini-games are n't too bad , on the random times you will get to play them . The hamster chooses the difficulty and game each time , sometimes it may be easy and others very difficult . Like another reviewer stated , you do have to wait for the hamster to want to play before you get a chance at the mini-games . That all together puts another cramp into the fun.Overall , not worth purchasing . If you can find the game for rent , it 's not too bad for a short term bit of fun though .
 I like hamsters so I bought this game espically since the thought of them building `` ham-countries '' would be really cool.To the point
 This game has a MIS-PRINT on the box and description !! It says that this has a Ham-Country with a bakery , school , playground , bookstore , etc. . THAT 'S NOT TRUE !!! If you are buying the game for that reason , dont do it ! You will be very disappointed ! I have had this game for almost a month , and I have played it for over 40 hours -LRB- total time -RRB- . I raised 6 hamsters , acquired every single accessory , cage , toy , food , and everything else -LRB- of which there are generally 6 of each type of item -RRB- . I played all of the mini-games , and of course I let my hamster explore my `` room '' every day . I clean up after the hamster , brush it , feed it , etc. . The game gets very mundane & boring after a few days but I only kept playing so I could see the `` ham-country '' which I have now sadly discovered does not exist . I called UBIsoft about this , and they were clueless about the whole thing . Imagine that ! I feel like I wasted my money and all my time on this game . It 's cute that the hamster learns to `` talk '' -LRB- you speak to it , but it responds with text in a message box -RRB- , and it 's okay that you can play `` catch '' with the hamster -LRB- you throw a ball with the stylus , he catches it and throws it back to you -RRB- . And most of the required item-acquiring mini-games are tolerable at best , but seem geared toward the pre-school aged children , so except for on the `` difficult '' setting , they can be done with your eyes closed , pretty much . But your hamster himself doesnt really do anything . He just runs around the cage , plays with a toy sometimes , runs in his wheel , eats , and occasionally sits on his hind legs and says something quirky to you . This is all adorable and fun the first few days , but like I said , the fun-factor diminishes greatly after that . I definitely dont recommend this game , unless you just rent it or borrow it from a friend .
 Yes the Hamsterz are cute ... but after a while they do and say the same things , and nothing new really happens after you 've acquired all of the items . You can teach them to play with a toy , only to find that a minute later they have forgotten how to , and you have to sit there and wait for them to figure it out all over again . You can pet and brush them and make them happy , then when you try these things again a little later , they run away from you and their happiness meter drops to zero again . It makes no sense why these things happen and it 's very frustrating ! I 've put hours and hours and HOURS into this game , expecting one day to find my Hamsterz built a `` Ham-Country '' , but this never happens . Actually , you can only play with one hamster at a time in the cage and they can never interact with each other . Overall , I 'm pretty disappointed .
 I would have loved to try this game , but I was sent Mario Paper Instead . I was quite disappointed . I very well could ` nt send it Mario Paper back because this was supposed to be a gift . Mario Paper was not what this person wanted , and had to be presented as a gift the day I received it . Sooooo , I will order Mario Party3 once more and try to get and pay for the right choice this time.Mary Williams
 yeah sure it was a good game at first keyword : WAS . Mario party 4 is out and mario party 3 just cant compete anymore . So to all those people out there who still are trying to convince people that classics are still some of the best around especially this one face it this games dead .
 I did not like this game . I played Mario Party 3 before I played 2 and 1 . Mario Party 3 is a board game . All you do is go around a board and pick up items . This game is outragously overrated . -LRB- and over priced ! -RRB- If you want a board game , save $ $ $ and buy a BOARD game .
 I was so excited about this game . It had new challenges and things I was looking forward to . I was very upset though when I started playing and found out that if you started the game as a one-player , you could not change a computer player to a non-computer player if a friend wanted to join . You could in Mario Party 2 . Instead , now you have to start all over and that 's no fun . I do however like the fast mode where the computer player are really fast . It sure speeds the game up and keeps me from getting bored . But , I really really miss the other feature .
 This Game Sucks ! It takes 10 minutes just to get the game started and by then you will realise what trash this is . The mini games are stupid and pointless . The plot sucks even though I 'm not sure what the plot is to begin with . I did n't play it long enough to find out . If you want a good Mario Party stick with number 1 .
 When I first bought the game and played it with all my friends , it was fun . Then the next day I almost threw it away because it became very boring . I do n't know why . Maybe it 's because this game is `` Boo-Boo '' DO NOT BUY !!
 This game is the worst of the three . Messy , aweful games , and same characters . DO N'T BUY !
 This game is really bad . I think that because 1 . Very hard 2 . the mini-games are really not that good 3 . bad graphics 4 . gets very boring 5 . I do n't like the Mario party series 6 . The NPC 's are either to smart , or too dumb 7 . When you do n't win ... you sorda get frustrated 8 . Nothing Really new , except Mini-games ... which some are just plain stupid 9 . On mini-games , if you are the one who is being attacked , you probably will lose . Well , you wonder why I put 2 stars ? Well , because the first time you play it , it is mediocre . Well thank you and goodnight .
 Mario Party 3 has the same concept as Mario Party 2
 Luckily , I rented this before deciding whether or not to buy . And boy am I lucky that I tried it before dropping $ 50 for it.Well , everyone knows about the concept and cool graphics and all . The game suffered no slow down even with multi-tap on . But after playing for a short time , I realized how bad this game is . The controls are difficult , the power-ups are useless in a race -LRB- you need to use shortcuts to win -RRB- . And worse , the carts move way too slow . The fun of any cart racing -LRB- ala Mario Kart or even Rumble Racing -RRB- is that it 's fast . This game felt like I was moving at snail pace.I wish that they would put Mario Kart on PS2 -LRB- though never happen -RRB- or someone come up with a true kart game . The closest out right now is Rumble Racing which is definitely worth the look if you 're looking for cart racing type game .
 This is by far THE worst game I have ever played on any system . I do n't see how anyone could think this game is fun . The graphics are not good , the map would be better off not even there , and the glitches in the game should not even be an issue ... but they are , besides the fact that the game freezes up , running into objects is annoying enough to make you want to snap your controller in half . Please do n't anyone buy this game , and hope that they do n't try to waste anyone 's time with a sequel .
 Super Mario Kart tended to dominate the N64 as the best multiplayer game . So I 've been waiting and watching the kart racing games for the PS2 hoping to find one that will give the same level of fun . Unfortunately , Super Bombad Racer falls short.Remember that kart-racing games are suppose to be fun and childish , so the cartoonish characters with large heads and silly taunts are up the right alley . The large number of special items -LRB- forward weapons , backward weapons , boosts , shields , etc. -RRB- adds a good level of playability to the game , unfortunately with a bunch of racers everyone is shooting everyone all the time and there 's no real strategy involved.The controls for the game are also very loose . It takes a lot of getting used to as you bounce all over the place and ca n't make the tight turns you 'd like to . The levels are relatively simple and there 's not a lot you can do to improve your racing ability on them.You 'll probably play through all 9 nine of the levels in about an hour and then wonder what you 're suppose to do . The game quickly looses its enjoyment in single player mode . Luckily there 's multi-player mode to come to the rescue and this game is good fun with a bunch of people . Still , I 've found after running through the levels a couple times with friends , there 's just not a lot of joy to it.Even battle mode has issues . With so many hit-you-from-across-the-screen-automatically weapons there is n't much skill required . You just need to know where on the level the good weapons can be found and hope your opponents do n't . And on some levels , Yoda-who can damage everyone with his special item-can just sit out of the way and slowly take everyone out.Overall , this is a fun game for a little while , but is likely to sit on your shelf except when you have friends over . It 's probably better to save your money and wait for that great kart-racing game to come out for the PS2 .
 I 'm a racing fan , and star wars fan , so i rented this . I did not like it , but i played it a few years ago so i have no memories on this game . I do remember that the levels were filled with junk and the sense of speed was fast , so all you did was hit stuff . I did not like it .
 I was looking for a good multi-plyaer game for my friends and I to play . This game was a huge let down . It just was not fun to play . It was boring . We played a few games and then gave up on it . I have not touched it since .
 I to was looking forward to this game coming since I am a big fan of Mario Cart . Star Wars Bombard racing is a big dissapointment . The graphics are not that good . The background music , if you can call it music , is so annoying . The race tracks are uninspiring . I have only had it for about 4 days and I have allready offered to sell it to a friend . If you are a big fan of Mario Cart , pass on this game . If you are bored and have 50 dollars to burn buy the game .
 I was really looking forward to this game but I was deeply disappointed . The graphics were not good for a PS2 game on 4 player mode . The maps wass the worst . Some maps you can just plain get lost and are too big . What you want in a cart racing game is for it to be somewhat easy and have alot of interaction . You just do n't get that here . Mario Kart still is the best one I 've seen .
 This is by far THE worst game I have ever played on any system . I do n't see how anyone could think this game is fun . The graphics are not good , the map would be better off not even there , and the glitches in the game should not even be an issue ... but they are , besides the fact that the game freezes up , running into objects is annoying enough to make you want to snap your controller in half . Please do n't anyone buy this game , and hope that they do n't try to waste anyone 's time with a sequel .
 I 've never played a Star Wars game I did n't like ... Until now . This game was horrible !! The controls were wacky , the graphics were choppy , and the soundtrack was no good . Watch out for this one !!
 I got this remote and at first i was very happy with it . Although it feels very light and cheap like another reviewer had stated , it turned on my xbox 360 with no problem . So i was happy . Then i made the mistake of trying to make it work with my tv . First off they do not send you any universal codes for tv 's . So i figured no problem it i will be on their website . Wrong , there is no useful information about this remote on the Manufacture 's website . So even after that i figured well at least i can use it with my xbox i will just have two remotes . Well after i went through trying to make it work with my tv it has stopped working for my xbox . Even after taking out the batteries and letting it sit over night then trying with just the xbox again it no longer will do anything other then light up . So my recommendation do not even bother with this remote .
 This is absolute crap!I bought this and some buttons would n't work at all , and the ones that did the feel was cheap and terrible.I took it back and paid -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks more for the genuine MS item - high quality and works 100 %
 The product buttons feel cheap , and the Universal TV codes were not included -LRB- although it says they are in the manual -RRB- and I can not find them anywhere .
 Bought it for my daughter since she watches videos and plays music on her XBox but it never worked . Unfortunately she did n't tell me it did n't work because I would have sent it back . She uses the regular game when watching movies and playing music . Waste of money .
 Avoid this remote at all costs . First off , it come with zero instructions . Plus there is no online support from Initec . I had to blindly poke at buttons , with my limited knowledge of how other universal remotes work . After about 20 minutes I was able to sync it with my TV . Unfortunately that meant that it now did n't work with the Xbox360 . I tried everything , but to no avail . basically , please spend the extra $ 5 and get the real deal .
 No TV codes , and I have a Sony TV . Just about every remote can work with Sony . I bought it mainly to control my xbox and netflix and liked the idea of light up buttons . Bought this online after a few drinks and wished I 'd never gone `` drunk shopping '' . I will send it back and give up the lighted buttons for a better remote .
 As other reviewers have said , there are no instructions in the package or on the website of the manufacturer . My console does not respond to the remote at all .
 Piece of junk . Kind if worked for a little while , but then stopped working totally . I had to be super close to the xBox for it to work -LRB- when it did work -RRB- . Spend the extra and get the real MS remote .
 I ordered this item I did not receive the case and the card dose not work on the wii ferther more the text describing it says its made by Nintendo which it is not . -LRB- notice how they conveniently show the cards back side to not show the sticker ? -RRB- the wii can only use cards of 2 gig or less which they do n't tell you in the owners manual you have to look it up on the INTERNET
 I bought this game from Amazon Warehousedeals , As part of Amazon good service i thought i will receive a good package . However , once i opened the package everything -LRB- manual , receipt , case -RRB- was there EXCEPT the GAME ... OMG , returning it and placing a new order , hopefully this time it will come complete .
 This is horrible ! Who the heck wrote that this game is so darn good if you ca n't go to sleep this will put you to sleep ! First of all , this ai n't an action/adventure game . All you do is just walk around and talk to people . Where the hecks the action ?
 I 'm the kid who wrote the `` this is boooorrrriiinnnggg '' article on this dumb game , allow me to be more specific on my thoughts on monkey island . When I got the PS2 I decided to rent a game . So I went to Video Vault and saw Monkey Island . The cover said `` pirates , Adventure , and monkeys ! '' Under that I read `` We need more games like this '' I thought `` cool '' and rented it . When I got home I started to play , it when I started the game I saw that the character 's name was Guybrush Thweepwood -LSB- man what a dumb name -RSB- . I found myself tied up and did n't know what to do . When I figured it out I found myself trying to stop this guy from destroying my house . I walked around and went to this `` Scumm Bar building '' and talked to people . Now I looove Rpg 's so I liked talking to people but I had to ask questions ? BOORINNNG ! I could n't get `` grog '' so he got Kudu jerky pretzels -LSB- yuck -RSB- ! Let me put it this way , this game is 100 % stupid , but I DO have a pro on it , the graphics are nice .
 This is by far the worst game ever ! I rented it thinking it was going to be a pirate fighting action game but I was wrong ! You do n't even get to move around . All you get to do is choose what action you want to do and most of the time it does n't even work . What ever you do do n't buy or rent this game . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I think if you have the patience to figure out senseless puzzles , then this is for you . . but i really dont see the point of a game that you MUST , and believe me you MUST , but the guide to get through . A yawner for me .
 this game just is ` nt the same . it gets very boring SOON , and the puzzles and controls can get frusterating.i do n't recomend it
 I 'm the kid who wrote the `` this is boooorrrriiinnnggg '' article on this dumb game , allow me to be more specific on my thoughts on monkey island . When I got the PS2 I decided to rent a game . So I went to Video -LSB- store -RSB- and saw Monkey Island . The cover said `` pirates , Adventure , and monkeys ! '' Under that I read `` We need more games like this '' I thought `` cool '' and rented it . When I got home I started to play , it when I started the game I saw that the character 's name was Guybrush Thweepwood ... I found myself tied up and did n't know what to do . When I figured it out I found myself trying to stop this guy from destroying my house . I walked around and went to this `` Scumm Bar building '' and talked to people . Now I looove Rpg 's so I liked talking to people but I had to ask questions ? BOORINNNG ! I could n't get `` grog '' so he got Kudu jerky pretzels -LSB- yuck -RSB- ! Let me put it this way , this game is 100 % -LSB- bad -RSB- , but I DO have a pro on it , the graphics are nice .
 This is a game that will have a huge following with some gamers , but most with hate it just for it 's genre and not give it a chance . There are many great things about this game , but to me there are just too many bad things.In the good catagory monkey island has great graphics . To me it kinda looks like toy story or such . Cool cgi animation . There is a lot of humor as you control the sometimes very ignorant hero on his many adventure -LRB- or complacated trips for his wife -RRB- . There is also a TON of exploring to do and at every turn there is another puzzle to keep the story moving , and to me this is one of the main problems with this game.The puzzles are sometimes things you would never think of . Some of his escapes from various traps etc. are very much like mcgyver , and took me a long time to piece them together , but that may just be me . For most people including me a guide may be a needed , not option thing . I 'm far from stupid but some of the puzzles just are n't at all obvious . The controls at times can also be a problem , it takes alot of time to move around many areas and can be a real pain running back and forth . The almost constant loading times are also a problem , whenever dialogue is going on the game is jerky , same with movies , and sometimes the smallest little scene needs a load time.To me this game shows why this genre of games will never be as popular as the gran turismo 's and resident evils . If you have alot of patience and a lot of time this game may be for you , but for me i 'll stick to gt 3 for now . At least rent before you buy .
 When it works , it works well . What one has to be careful of is that it needs an nVidia graphics card to start with , I think GeForce but it might take others too . To get stereoscopic vision one must use old drivers from a few years ago . nVidia has not and will not update these due to a contract with another company . Then the resolution must be changed to 800x600 and lastly find a game that actually works with it . There are some listed on their site.It 's just too expensive for what it delivers which is nothing more than the hardware really . Everything else is up to the consumer and the consumer must be ready to make a few changes to the computer.It was good when I bought it several years ago but today , I 'd not do it . I 'm looking for modern alternatives now .
 I just thought I 'd write another review -LRB- do n't know where my original one is -RRB- and update things . The right eye 's OLED went bad on me right before the first year of use had completed . Emagin has absysmal customer service . It 's difficult to get strait answers from them or seemingly impossible to get return phone calls even to set up an RMA for looking at the unit and providing an evaluation.Their rough minimum price over the phone to replace the right eye display was as high as the total price I 'd originally paid . Does that make sense ? Well , it does if you consider their first couple production runs were of very low quality & reliability and they were unloading them at less-than-cost as a mass test to find out exactly what kind of useable lifespan the OLEDs have . I suspect the early runs turned out something like 33 % of the OLEDs having a lifespan under 18 months . I doubt they had exact figures since not many had been produced yet and none of them had been used for that long.If it 's a certain percentage of OLEDs that will go bad and the rest have potentially decades of use , then Emagin needs to pony up and either offer refunds or free servicing of the bad units . That is the honest , ethical thing for a corporation to do . Without disclaimers stating the reliability and life-expectancy of your $ 700 unit might be less than a year , this company is just begging for a class action suit.Also worth noting , prior to their military contracts coming on line in the last few years , they began abandoning their support services to regular consumers . Employees were rapidly leaving the company and insiders told me the CEO and CFO -LRB- who are a married couple -RRB- spent most of their time on vacation or at bed & breakfasts , or something . They were practically never around and living high-on-the-hog off the sudden revenues from the Z800 sales.So we regular customers saved this company from oblivian , helped them be in a place to eventually get the mil contracts , and this is how we 're treated in return . Buyer beware .
 I would place more value on free AOL disks.Pros : The plastic CD case is reusableThe cover art is the highlight of the game.The background music seems much nicer than the rest of the game.Cons : Insipid playInadequate controlsLame story lineWeak conceptI bought itI loaded it onto my machineI rebooted my machine to `` play '' this dreck.Playing for a little while , thinking `` this has got to get better soon '' , no , no , no it does n't . Superman on the Atari 2600 was way better.This appears to be more an ambitious school project than a professional game .
 This game is awful . Terrible graphics , boring gameplay . Avoid .
 i was not to happy with this i got installed it and it ask for a serial code with did not come with it i was so mad . i wrote the people who made the game to give the serial code but they did n't they were pissing me off by sending me stupid e-mails like we need more informing and gave them all i had . so do u this is is good ?
 Mario Bros.Two Stars - Important by making Mario a plumber , but that 's about it `` Mario Bros. '' is far more important historically than it is fun to play . Developed and released in 1983 , it introduces Mario the plumber to the world for the very first timeNintendo developed `` Mario Bros '' . as a followup to their 1981 smash `` Donkey Kong '' . Shigeru Miyamoto and Gunpei Yokoi were the main developers of the title . Miyamoto is probably the most famous of all video game developrs . Gunpie , who was killed in 1997 due to a car accident , developed the Gameboy , the disastrous Virtual Boy , `` Super Mario Land '' , `` Metroid '' and `` Kid Icarus '' . It was only in `` Mario Bros. '' that Mario became a plumber . During the `` Donkey Kong '' era , Mario had a different profession . Mario 's chosen profession was carpentry in `` Donkey Kong '' , which may explain all the scaffolding . For the follow up , Miyamoto and Yokio decided to make him a plumber . This was due to the subterranean setting as well as the enemies -LRB- turtles -RRB- . Originally the game mechanic was that when Mario hits the creatures that come out of the pipes they would die , but they found this too easy . Instead , Nintendo made it where after you hit the creature , you then had to kick them . Due to this , Miyamoto made the enemies turtles , which gave birth to the famous Koopa Troopas of `` Super Mario '' fame . Because Mario was now a plumber by profession , they made the setting subterranean , with the enemies crawling out of pipes rather than thin air as originally considered . `` Mario Bros. '' is also the first time we are introduced to Luigi . Like `` Super Mario Bros. '' and `` The Lost Levels '' , Luigi is simply a palette swap of Mario . `` Mario Bros. '' has been released on over a dozen different gaming platforms as well as several non Nintendo consoles . The game would also make numerous appearance in other Nintendo titles , including `` Super Mario Bros. 3 '' , the `` Super Mario Advance '' series , the Gamecube `` Animal Crossing '' -LRB- though it required a of work to unlock -RRB- , and even in the recent `` Mario & Luigi
 Cowgirls are horrible and so is this faceplater . A little green would bump it up a few stars .
 the cowboys blow , all you fake fans of americas team with no soul will love this product ... but only when the cowboys are having a good year ... if the cowboys are having a bad year then the cocharoach `` fans '' wont like it ... i hate the cowboysE-A-G-L-E-S !!!!!!!!!!!
 Why arnt there Bears or Whitesox or Bulls or even Blackhawk faceplates . They should make faceplates for every team and sport
 Here 's the basic run-down
 13 . The gameplay is tiresome and repetitive .12 . The sound acting is stilted -LRB- especially the main character -RRB- .11 . The infrequency of checkpoints was annoying .10 . Jumping and other movements were stilted and difficult to control .9 . The enemy AI was ridiculous .8 . Another recycling of the insomniac government agent , per The Bourne Identity .7 . The limited set of 4 or 5 enemies that were repeated throughout the game were disappointing .6 . Poor character development .5 . The graphics .4 . The graphics .3 . The graphics .2 . The graphics .1 . So let me explain about the graphics . I was quite excited over the prospect of a cel-shaded video game . Instead of staying true to a comic book-style game , however , XIII used `` cel shading '' as an excuse to deliver shoddy , last generation graphics . Shameful .
 This game has a perfect plot
 XIII is a fun game , but the lack of an autosave feature just kills the it for me . XIII 's graphics are excellent , and there are nicely done cut scenes that involve you in the story . In addition , the game plays very smoothly on my Geforce ti4200 . XIII is somewhat original in that you 've got to play it methodically . Running in with guns blazing will only get you killed . The game is definitely fun to play.But - and this is a big BUT - you can only save at the beginning of a level . It is extremely frustrating to play through an entire level only to be killed at the end and have to play through again . This bug makes the game unplayable . The developer currently does not plan to patch this problem . For this reason , I can not recommend XIII . I 'll hold on to my copy for a little while in hopes that UBISoft releases a patch . If no patch is released , I 'll sell the game .
 LOVE THIS GAME , BOUGHT THE D/L , doesnt work . cant get it to work for the life of me . i install it , but it still wont work . waste of 10 bucks , thanks alot .
 1 -RRB- Although the plotting and action play in this game is not bad , the lack of a save game severely hurts this game . If you mess up , you get sent back to the beginning of the chapter , LONG cutscenes and all .2 -RRB- There are lots of sneak missions -LRB- too many in my opinion -RRB- .3 -RRB- The cartoon/comic book portrayal ca n't carry the game and detracts from atmosphere and plot.It has it 's moments , but I got it on sale for $ 9 . I do n't recommend you pay more .
 DO NOT , I repeat , DO NOT buy this game for your PC . It is marked down for a reason . This game is causing all kinds of problems on many systems ; go to UBISOFT.COM and read the PC forums . You will find many people are in the same boat . If you have a CDRW drive the game will not even install properly . Even when I did get it to work -LRB- it was beautiful by the way -RRB- it froze my entire system and my computer is not even a year old . I have a GEFORCE 4 card with updated drivers and it still crashed . Save yourself the headache and get it for a gaming platform like XBOX ; you spend a few extra bucks but it is worth it . I could n't return my copy so I sold it to some kid . You have been warned !
 This game gets off to a good start
 This game was crashing about once every 30 minutes . Sometimes the sound and video would freeze up and I would have to completely reboot , sometimes the game just stops responding to input , and I could restart it . Previously , I could get past wherever the game froze , but I 've now reached a point I ca n't get past -- it freezes in the exact same place every time . Looks like that 's the end of the game for me . I 'm running a pretty standard Windows XP box . I do n't have problems running games like Unreal 2 . Maybe it 's just all the crashes , the game was n't very exciting . The story was dull , the game play poorly implemented , the levels are __ completely __ one-dimensional . If it worked well , it might be worth $ 30 to me . If it worked poorly , it might be worth $ 15 . It does n't work at all . How much would you pay for that ?
 Bought the game only to find out the video card on my game machine is not supported . Game generates a GPF on startup . Be sure to check the support web site for the few cards that are supported . The list contradicts what is written on the box ; another example of less than honest product description . This seems to be a real problem with UbiSoft products -LRB- See reviews on URU -RRB- . I am learning the hard way to stay away from them . One positive
 XIII has some really nice cel-shaded graphics . That is the best thing I can say about this game.Gameplay is lacking . The game has a very linear storyline and that tends to get boring . There is a certain way to progress through each level and there is no room for improvisation . You have to follow a certain path , kill all the bad guys and so on . After playing games like GTA why would anyone want to be locked into one path in a game ? A bad example of this is the submarine base level . You go through the level until you get to a gate which is closing . If you try to duck under you get crushed . So I figured I 'd try to run through the level , not worrying about killing anyone and head for that door . No matter how fast I get through , the door always beats me.There are also several `` boss battles '' which are ridiculous . In one you fight an old mad scientist . For some reason you can drop a 20 year old a soldier with one shotgun blast , but this 70 year old scientist can take 5-6 blasts before he is stopped . C'mon ! One thing I really disliked was the game required that you change CDs as you get farther through the game . This is a poor attempt at preventing copying . Considering how lame the game is , I doubt there is going to be too much pirating.I give this 2 stars only because I like the graphics .
 Do n't buy this game if you want to make a backup copy before you play . The game appears to use an extreme form of copy protection known as Tages . It will appear that you have made a clean copy , but when you play the game , it will crash , or the mouse will slowly die during gameplay , giving you only a minute of movement before your character locks up.To top it off , the game forces you to put the original CD in the drive every time you play , and you have to constantly switch between the discs , thereby increasing your chances of scratching one of the CDs . Without a backup copy , this quickly becomes a serious issue.There are also problems with the game if you have CD drive emulation software , CD burning software , and/or a CD-R/RW drive . The game searches for these items and , if you have them , can crash out , thinking that you are some sort of software pirate . I personally have Alcohol 120 % on my system . It allows me -LRB- usually -RRB- to make a backup image of a CD , store it on my hard drive , then simply play the game from the CD image , without ever touching my original CDs again . XIII would not install on my computer with Alcohol 120 % . On the plus side , this game is beautiful to look at , but the novelty of the graphics soon wear off , and the game is just another FPS underneath . In my opinion , the storyline was dull . I 'm a huge fan of the X-Files , but David Duchovny was not a good choice for the narration of the main character . The action is very static , and the AI is limited.I think that this game is worth maybe $ 25 , as it 's a rather mundane FPS , but it 's still worth owning , once UBI Soft realizes that they ca n't keep screwing customers over by violating our right to make back up copies of the game . I understand the need for UBI Soft to protect their intellectual property , but this is not the right way . There needs to be a way that the developers and the consumers can both be pleased with the fair use of software . Tages is not the answer .
 Ubisoft incorporated the copy protection software knows as Tages into XIII . This is singlehandedly the worst copy protection known to man . It 's so bad that if you have a CD-RW or DVD-RW drive in your computer , the installation of the game will most likely purposely defect itself towhere the game wo n't run . If you have CD or DVD burning software , or anything even related , or any virtual drives , the same will most likely happen ; defective installation . The game 's `` Minimum Requirements '' are a lie since they 're so low , and you need brand-new , up-to-date drivers for all your hardware . Not only all that , but the game straight out does n't like some CD/DVD-ROM drives and thus wo n't install properly , or even at all . Ubisoft support does nothing.After all this , you 'd think they were protecting a really nice game . But , no . The game is riddled with bugs and crashes . Major bugs are commonplace , and the official forum is thriving with hundreds of user requests for bug/crash help . The game also spans 4 CDs -LRB- for no apparent reason - the game is very short -RRB- that seemingly randomly need to be changed -LRB- more copy protection -RRB- . This leads to scratched discs you ca n't duplicate , thus you must buy the entire game again.The game is beautiful and mildly entertaining , albeit short , buggy , and contains terrible voice acting and a horrid saving scheme . That 's if you can even get it to install ! What a waste of money.Beware !
 Like many people who have commented , because my PC has a CD Burner , XIII would not install properly and kept crashing or sometimes the mouse would n't respond properly . I 've tried installing it four times , and it is continually riddled with bugs.The gameplay does n't even look that exciting anyway . I 'm not impressed.Fortunately , I only paid $ 5.00 for the game , but judging from my experience thus far , it is not worth even that.I also think failure to have an auto-save feature is annoying.My advice if you have a PC
 First I wish there was an option on Amazon to give the game zero out of five stars . I saw this game previewed on Xplay on tech TV and they raved about it and said how cool it was and how great the graphics are . I hate to break it to them but they need to get some better game testers , there revue was horrible . Unless you are a died in the wool first person shooter maniac then this game is not for you . The Graphics are so so , There are many problems with co-planer polygons in the levels . The character animation is almost un-watchable , and what makes the game even worse is the story line . It is unimaginative and boring . The physics are horrible as well , the bullet accuracy is pathetic and the weapon choices are extremely limited . But you have n't even heard the worst part yet , most first person shooter games saving grace are the online multiplayer options they include . The online play of Thirteen XII is unbearable . The levels are small and the player limits are 6 to a game . To sum up this revue , you would be better off digging up that old copy of Duke Nukem 3d you have in the basement and playing that . This game was a giant disappointment .
 Game is a total joke and a waste of money . Storyline just jumps from one topic to another , its hard to keep up with whats going on . The save system really ruins the game with is making you start at the beginning of level or two levels in a cheap attempt to make the game seem longer . AI is worthless and almost comical at times as they get stuck in between walls and fail to sound alarms when they spot you .
 ok this is the most horrible thing ever , if u figured ud buy it for pc cause u dont like the 2 joystick thingy on controller ur better off buying a keyboard and mouse for ur ps2 or xbox and getting the game for 1 of those systems . the installation process is HORRIBLE !!! when ur installing it , itll ask for disc 2 , when u take out the 1st disc and insert number 2 , itll give u an error saying disc 1 isnt in the cd drive and to put it back in ... . wtf is that !?! . . this doesnt happen everytime but it happend atleast 4 out of the 12 times i had to install this game . i mainly had to install it over and over because either the installation process sucks , or my cd drive was too fast and skipped files because i kept getting errors saying this file could not be located on the disc and itll just stop and delete everything u just installed ... i tried installing it with my slower cd drive and it installed fine which makes no sense what so ever to me = / . once the game is installed it doesnt tell u which cd to put in to play that game ... because of all this i dont even the game is worth the $ 5 !! i rather would of paid $ 20 for a mouse and keyboard for my ps2 . but other than the installation , the game is ok , not the best but if u like shooter games , this is ur fix . controls r easy and graphics was kinda kool , but the only thing i didnt really like about the game is sometimes it can be frustrating figuring out where ur suppose to go or maybe trying to find a key u missed somewhere in the level . but i give the game a 3 out of 5 , the installation gets a -2 out of 5 = / .
 My computer freezes when I try and play this game which is completely and totally amazing to me.I just got done playing Doom 3 which is far more of a resource hog . So , I can only guess how good this game is . I even went online and got the update . So , my advice is do n't waste your money . It is a dog.Update
 Despite the rave reviews by UbiSoft employees posing as customers , Athena Sword , like Raven Shield , is substandard and buggy.UbiSoft has a tendency to buy companies with hit titles , and then have their own development teams produce lower quality sequels , hoping to make sales on the strength of the original games ' reputations . Ever since UbiSoft bought Red Storm Entertainment and started producing the Rainbow Six games themselves the gameplay has changed for the worse , the story lines have become increasingly contrived and obviously written with more concern for political correctness than realism , and the bugs have been out of control.There have been over a dozen patches released for Rainbow Six 3
 Back 12 patches ago I swore I would n't give UBI more money . Well , I lied and I purchased Athena Sword for $ 29.99 two days ago from EB Games . After playing for 2 days here 's my 2 cents.The new maps are poorly optimized . The strongest of computers will yield you such poor FPS in many spots you wonder why you paid $ 30 for the game . The new game play modes are kind of interesting , but that 's it . `` Kind of '' interesting.Basically , Athena Sword is a $ 30 map pack . You can find equal to or better maps made by the modding community and play them on Raven Shield that not only run better , but are free.If you MUST HAVE Athena Sword wait until the price drops to $ 10 or $ 15 . It wo n't take long for the price to drop.Raven Shield -LRB- full version -RRB- is selling for $ 15 at Best Buy in the US , so I ca n't imagine Athena Sword lasting at $ 29.99 for very long.It 's just not worth $ 30 . Hang tight until it 's cheaper . Die hard Rainbow Six fans may feel driven to buy it out of loyalty to the game like me . To all you hard core Clancy fans ... try to resist the urge and wait if you purchase it at all .
 Some nice new features and everything . But for a Map Pack , these maps were horribly optimized . People with the best computers get 10 FPS with everything on low on alot of the maps . Good maps and nice layouts , but horrible horrible optimization .
 A very poor effort to say the least , made even more pathetic by the fact that paid employees were obviously instructed to come here & write fake reviews over a month before it was even released ... Going on the merit of that , I imagine some of the more current five star reviews are also fake .
 UBI for all the hype you spread on this expansion pack it was not worth the 30 I paid for it . The maps lag really bad . Just like the other people said before I get 30-70 FPS on maps but the maps from athena only get 10-15 max and that makes for very poor game play . About the only thing i say is nice from athena is the CTE game mode.From a very upset loyal raven shield player my loyalty is wearing thin very thin .
 This game has major problems if you 're buying it for your PC . Ubi.com has many patches you can download but after 2 weeks the game still wo n't run on my PC which meets all the criteria it asks for . Before buying check www.ubi.com message boards to see all the problems people are having with this game . I have the other Rainbow Six games and have n't had any problem with them .
 I love the Rainbow Six Series . I 'm in the military , have graduated from both Anti-Terror and Team Tactics schools . The Rainbow Six Series is an excellent series . The Tactics needed to play the game are almost identical to those used in real Close Quarters Combat scenarios.That being said . WOW IS THIS ADD ON BUGGY ! I played Raven Shield with no noticable problems , but when I added the Athena Sword Patch , all hell broke loose . Suddenly my computer began locking up , The sound would crash , and overall just a host of problems with the add on . My computer is used almost exclusively for gaming , and the Athena Sword patch was the only thing that had changed from when I played Raven Shield , so that is why I hold it responsible . I think Reading the reviews here supports my theory.The maps looked very good , especialy for Online Play , but the glitches in the game became so frustrating that I have yet to play them all . Evidently you can download fixes , but if I have to patch a game more than once , just to make it work , then I have no interest in playing it . Skip this game and wait for the next one . Hopefully they 'll get it right . I 'm going to give them one more chance before I give up on UBI Soft.I also didnt ' appriciate them installing thier hokey website shortcut on and software on my computer . -LRB- Yes , I realize that it 's easy to remove , and if I payed closer attention I could have prevented it from being installed , but come on . -RRB- Rainbow Six Series is a great series , but I fear that it may go the way of Mech Warrior . Skip this game .
 Raven shield is a fun game , but it still has a lot of bugs in it . I suggest waiting until they get the bugs fixed in the origional game before buying an expantion pack for it . Also , the origional game had 15 single player and 6 multiplayer maps . The rest of the maps out there are mods so if they include new modes of play , those modes probably wo n't work on moded maps unless the maps are upgraded individually . So , again I suggest waiting .
 Having played every game in this series I see a few things from earlier games missing here . There is simply missing functionality , controls and ability to select uniforms , the ability to climb over small walls and boxes , etc. . . Rogue Spear did several things much better than this game.On the upside , this game is a LOT of fun even with all the bugs and the missing functionality . It 's the best playing game of it 's type with a real team atmosphere out there.My last gripe is that Ubisoft promised to release the source code with this game which would have made for easy modding . They promised it and a year later it has not been released yet.They promise the source code in December however so it 's only fair to mention it . Then we can have some mods!At least Athena Sword promises more photo-realistic graphics.Buy Raven Shield used from Amazon and buy Athena Sword new from Amazon.Well , surprise , surprise , UBI has delayed the release by over a month . The give no explanation or reason whatsoever . This is a very bad habit with them . Raven Shield was months late and now Athena Sword is months late . Why give a release date at all?Amazon did have this game ranked as under 500th best seller on their site and I ask for what ? For another broken promise by UBI.Can we really expect the SDK in December ? Will it be the first promise UBI keeps ? I hope so.I reduced my rating of this game to one star.Edited October 16th , 2003
 I 've played ravenshield and boy was it fun !! NOT !!!!!! whole bunch of bugs and almost same stroyline as the first rainbowsix and that one was SENSATIONAL , but hey , a joke is never funny the second time , I spent more than 10 hours playing the first rainbow six and eagle watch -LRB- expansion one -RRB- this game ? lets not go there . but I can say that I enjoyed multiplayer a little , but ! I spent 39.99 + tax to buy that game and guess what I played my 3 year old counter strike more ! overall I can say that this game will have better graphic than CS : CZ but if you look at the bugs and lame storyline I recommend CS : CZ
 I feel totally ripped off by this pathetic excuse for an expansion . Ubi , you wo n't be in business much longer if you do n't get your act together.Say goodbye to this once loyal customer , you lost me .
 wow probably the worst game i have ever played . this game has barely any good rock songs of bands like Van Halen , Aerosmith , or even Blink-182 . can you imagine , though , the embarassment of you trying to sing the song , and you suck , and everyone is laughing at you ? yeah , well , all i have to say is that you should most definitely spend your money on something fun and worthwhile , like DDR or Guitar Hero . BAD GAME
 First off I got this game over singstar becuase it is compatible with the DDR pad . But it falls short of entertainment as far as the dancing goes . If you like DDR you wo n't like this . Next let me explain my title , this game was made for girls and guys with high voices . Almost all the songs save about 3 are all very high pitched , and there is no apparent way to adjust the tone of the songs to be able to compensate for those with a deeper voice . Secondly , most of the songs have female leads anyway , which makes it extremely difficult to match if you have even a mildly deep voice . Overall the gameplay is n't very much fun . Get Singstar , it comes with two mics and has a much better song selection .
 Surfing in this game is fun and quasi-realistic ... except for having to rescue dolphins , scare birds , and fight off sharks every five minutes . Which all surfers do on a regular basis , right ? This game blows toads . Imagine a football game where in addition to actually playing the game , you had to micromanage the popcorn sales so you could afford new helmets.Also , there 's only one beach ! At least until you score enough dolphin saves , bird scares , shark beatings in the career mode . JUST LET ME SURF FOR THE LOVE OF GOD ! Did these guys even PLAY this monstrosity before putting it on the shelves ??? If they 're not all on welfare after putting this out -LRB- they should be -RRB- , I hope they do a new version where YOU ONLY HAVE TO SURF !
 Firstly , I 'm a computer animator and illustrator by trade . I had no technical problems with the game whatsoever ; it ran like a champ , even on an out-of-the-box year-old Dell . However , that did n't mean that I liked the game overmuch . In a nutshell , its biggest weakness is that you explore 4 ages so that you can get online . That was the glaring point and purpose . There is no other reason . No story , no plot , no tension-building , no great sense of mystery and discovery - all the things that made the first three tremendously appealing . However , I understand the technical trade-offs Cyan needed to make to achieve this - but that was absolutely no excuse to sacrifice storyline . I am sadly disappointed with Uru . Where is my story ! Weak , weak work , Cyan .
 Sadly , I am hugely disappointed in this game for various reasons . I am NOT a heavy gamer , yet I was so in love with the first 3 Myst games that I pre-ordered this game out of pure excitement , then spent more $ $ upgrading my video card on my brand-new system when the game would n't play . Now that I finally have the game working I feel seriously cheated . Think of all the anticipation Star Wars fans had for Episode I and then were delivered Jar-Jar Binks.The reason I loved the original games was that they were quiet , the interaction was easy , the music and the graphics were beautiful , and it was basically a nice , stress-free way to wind down after another day of work . This game provides none of these comforts , except for maybe the graphics . The ridiculous 3rd person view is difficult to maneuver ; if I wanted to play a platform game I would have kept the the GameCube my brother gave me for Xmas last year . I must agree with a previous reviewer who said that Exile had the best interface . I personally do n't care about the the live aspect of the game because as to quote another reviewer , `` was n't the best part of Myst that you never saw other people ? `` Another reason I love the `` old Myst '' is that the games are well-crafted and the software does n't have a lot of bugs ; otherwise I would just buy Myst clones and be happy with the game genre . It is just one more disappointment that the creators of Myst decided to create this game that is a clone of other video games & definitely NOT in the innovative vein that they themselves created ; another blow is the fact that this game is NOT bug-free , as even on my newly updated-just-for-the-game-system it takes at least 15 minutes for the game to start , and frankly I 'm frightened to close it out for fear that it will never start again.If you like the idea of a low-key , sedated , beautifully presented Sonic the Hedgehog or Jak & Daxter you will probably like this game . If you are expecting the ingenuity of the original 3 games you should get a prescription for Prozac before buying this game , or else you 'll just get depressed . As others have said before me , maybe you should just get your fix re-playing the old games .
 As a big fan of the Myst series , and a purchaser of all of Cyan 's previous products -LRB- Myst , Riven , Realmyst , Myst Exile , Myst Masterpiece , etc. -RRB- , I eagerly looked forward to playing this game . I am writing this after watching the game crash half a dozen times after the introductory video . After surfing through a maze of Ubisoft technical support websites , I have learned that although the rest of my system specifications exceed those listed , the video card on my one year-old high-end HP computer is not one of the two -LRB- count-em , two -RRB- video cards compatible with this game . If you happen to have an NVIDIA GeForce 1,2,3,4 or FX video card , or an ATI Radeon 7000-9800 video card , perhaps you will be able to get this game to run , and can assess which of the mixed reviews set forth here are accurate . If , on the other hand , you happen to have a video card made by an obscure manufacturer such as , oh , Intel , you can watch your PC crash spectacularly when trying to run this overwrought software . For my own part , I 'm sending this back for a refund .
 I 've loved the other Myst titles -LRB- Riven is my favorite -RRB- and this is a big disappointment.First the good ... This game has excellent graphics and they have thought up some very interesting new worlds.The good and the bad ... The new interface lets you create an avatar for your character . You can change its appearance in many different ways . That 's cool ! However , the interface is awkward and you constantly switch back and forth between 1st and 3rd person point of view . Looking around for things -LRB- which you do a lot of -RRB- is more difficult . I liked the Exile interface the best.Now that bad ... 1 -RRB- Its boring ! The biggest challenge in each age is wandering around looking for things hidden there . I 'm sorry , but what 's the fun in that ? You spend all your time looking behind every rock and every tree . This is not interesting , it 's just tedious .2 -RRB- Like in the previous Myst games , the cursor changes to a hot spot when it passes over something of interest in the Myst environment . However , in Uru , you have to be standing in exactly the right spot before the cursor will change to a hot spot . As a result , it is easy to miss something that can be manipulated because you might be standing just slightly off center . Therefore , you spend a lot of time walking up to things , trying them . Moving slightly to the left , try it again , move back , try , move forward , try , move right , try , and maybe something will happen .3 -RRB- It 's a teaser ! There ai n't much in this game . It contains only a single CD , compared to 4 or more in the previous games . What they really want you to do is become interested in Uru Live and pay a subscription fee to play more on line . For $ 40 - $ 50 bucks , I would expect a more complete universe.I would not recommend this game .
 I wrote one review already , but I had to add a little more detail.Let 's forget about the graphics problems ... lets talk about the game ... I solved Myst , Riven and Exile without any walkthroughs or hints . That was a true testiment to the greatness of the puzzles and logic in those games , because how many role playing games can you actually do without a help guide ? -LRB- not many -RRB- I was hoping URU would be the same , but URU turned out to be a joke.Click on the link for my nickname to see my reviews of Exile ... I remember when I wrote those , and how great I thought that game was -LRB- and Exile was n't even as good as Riven ! -RRB- Do n't fool yourself with URU . It really is THAT bad.People who just enjoy the graphics , and who commonly use walkthroughs to get through adventure games wo n't have a problem with URU because it is very similar to other adventure games where you just use the walkthrough , click on the right stuff and walk in the right place . Those are the reviews you read from people who just say how great the graphics were and that the puzzles were so much fun ... ppppllleeeassee !!! FUN ? give me a break ! If you thought those puzzles were fun , you 've got to be a very sheltered person . But regardless , the only circumstances where you 'd think the puzzles were fun is if you used a walkthrough to get through them . Otherwise , you 're just fumbling around for the right answer , and when you get the write answer , you move on , but you do n't really know why most of the time.If you enjoyed solving the puzzles in Myst , Riven and Exile , and you liked not having to use a walkthrough -LRB- even though the puzzles were still a challenge -RRB- to get through those games , you 'll hate URU.I hated URU . I confess ... I had to cheat to beat it . But it was only because URU had me pulling my hair out with frustration . And , after I read about how to get through a certain puzzle that made no sense , I still thought it made no sense . The answer did n't draw from the plot and only partially came from clues , but usually had a completely contrived twist that did not derive from logic whatsever . The clues were usually really obvious too . You were basically handed the information to solve a puzzle on a silver platter , but even with the information , you could n't solve the puzzle , because it did n't make any sense !!! The end result , was that you realized that there was no way to really `` figure out '' the answer by searching around and finding clues . That made the game less fun in 2 ways :1 -RRB- searching for the answer to a puzzle was half the fun of the previous myst games2 -RRB- you had all the information to solve a puzzle , but still could n't solve it ... VERY FRUSTRATING !!! I just have to say one more thing ... sit URU sit ! good dog . -LRB- had to say that -RRB-
 I 've played all the other Myst games and loved them . This game however , gave me nothing but technical headaches . Reading the system requirements gave me heartburn and I have a degree in computer science ! The game crashes on my Window XP Professional system , 512MB RAM , 1.6 GB processor * and * a -LRB- supposedly -RRB- supported NVidia card . The error message it left in the application log was entirely useless , demonstrating just how terrible the programming must be on this thing . Ubisoft 's technical support is non-existent .
 I would say I 'm an somewhat average game player . I have followed MYST since it first came out . It is true that after a week of adjusting and updating my computer the game itself was disappointing . The puzzles were dull by the time you did figure them out , you could n't believe that was it and there was no storyline . At least in the first three you could immerse yourself in the story and graphics . Why make the only character besides you computerized ? Save the money , try another game !
 The control for this game is ridiculous . First of all , I thought it was a bit odd that you had to hold down the left mouse button if you wanted to walk , and either move the mouse where you wanted to go , or use w/the up arrow . I found it even more odd that you have to hold down both left anf right mouse buttons to run , but I got over it and it seemed to work mildly well . As soon as I got to the trailer things started to get complicated . From here on out It took forever to get where I wanted to go . You have to move the mouse all over the screen in basically a random fashion to try to go one direction . This is quite unhelpful when you are dealing with situation where you might fall off of a cliff and have to start over . I did that a good 20 + times . If you think you can use the arrow keys to do this , good luck . The side step is the slowest I 've ever come across . The people who designed this were ` nt thinking at all , and have ruined much of my experience with this game , as I was borrowing it over the weekend , I have decided that I will definetly not buy this game . The graphics are great , and the game looks very promising , but they need to fix the views and the movement . The rest is very enjoyable , and I would give it 4 or 5 stars otherwise , but this is really the kicker . Also , I should give them props for a good soundtrack piece by Peter Gabriel , `` Burn you up , Burn you down '' . Great artist , great song . It got me hyped on the commercial too .
 All of his/her points are valid . My big gripes and why I 'll probably never get any further in this game , are -LRB- 1 -RRB- that the `` camera '' angles are so off -- at some points if I play in the 1st person , I ca n't see what I need to see ; if I switch to 3d person , the character becomes too clumsy . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Time
 I eagerly awaited this fourth installment of the Myst series , after having LOVED the last one -LRB- Myst3 , Exile -RRB- . I went so far as to buy a new computer since my old one was too slow , had to get a new video card for it , I even had to upgrade the power supply to make sure the new video card worked ! I finally was able to play the latest Myst installment!Unfortunately , the gameplay was not all it was cracked up to be , and the story was a bit disjointed ... with such high system requirements , I expected a LOT more from the game . Each age took FOREVER to load , ruining any sort of seamlessness when linking ; there should have been some sort of option to have more of the game on the hard drive . The 3-D , in my opinion , was also a bit of a waste . Some things were unable to be seen unless you were standing juuuuuust right ... I felt Myst 3 was better rendered , and the graphics were better ... it was a shame to sacrifice that just for the 1st/3rd person 3-D interface ... the `` no save '' option was frustrating when attempting some complicated jumping that could send you plummeting to your death ... many of the ` hints ' in the game were SO buried they were missed out of boredom of leafing through senseless journals and notes ... Hopefully , the newer ages written for on-line play will have improved over the initial game ... On the up-side , some of the puzzles were pretty tricky , making for some good mental aerobics , and some of the backgrounds looked amazing ... it was neat being able to be yourself , too ... Overall , I think they should drop the 3-D interface , try to go back to the Myst3 format , forget about the ` live action ' aspect 9the Tomb Raider style jumping -RRB- ... nice try , guys , but it just did n't hit the mark ...
 All I want to know is where the people who designed how you move around in and interact with the game have been for the last few years . Out to lunch with their heads in the sand is all I can figure . As a trailblazer , the original Myst had an excuse . But that was then . After Real Myst demonstrated a smooth , intuitive , 3D GUI for Myst , there is simply no excuse for the impossibly awkward interaction model used by URU . I just ca n't believe it , and it makes me angry that anybody would even release this thing . Lately , I 've been playing Dungeon Siege . It is such a pleasure to encounter a well-designed and well-tested interaction model . I guess I 'll have to wait for Real URU to continue the Myst experience .
 What a dissapointment !! I bought URU for our daughter for Christmas , and just discovered that this game -LRB- unlike any other game we 've ever encountered -RRB- only works with 2 types of graphics cards . Of course we had to open the package to discover that this was a `` hard '' requirement and not just a recommendation on the graphics cards . BE WARNED . DO NOT BUY URU without CAREFULLY checking the hardware requirements . What a gyp !
 I have an IBM ThinkPad T30 Model 2367-AG2 with the ATI Radeom Mobility video card which is unsupported -LRB- as per UBI support website itself -RRB- . So I wasted my money and UBI lied about compatibility .
 The requireemnts say the 32MB NVIDIA GeForce 2 is supported ? There is more than one GeForce 2 -- MX , GTS -- are all supported ? I have the NVIDIA GeForce2 MX and can not get video even by setting everything to lowest quality display .
 I could hardly wait for this much anticipated sequel to the wonderful Myst series . I own Myst , Riven , and Myst III-Exile , and have enjoyed their quiet , haunting atmosphere and challenging puzzles . Uru , I 'm sorry to say , is a grim disappointment . I had no problem loading and running the game . Load times were not slow , and I experienced no crashes . The playing of Uru , however , was boring and frustrating . When playing , I did n't get the same feeling that I was `` really there '' as in the previous games . Also , in many cases , there was no feedback when you performed a certain action . In the previous games you would hear a gear grinding , water flowing , or see something take place , etc. . In my case the `` avatar '' was used only when necessary as I found navigation to be much easier in first person rather than moving my `` puppet '' along . My main issue , though , was that of having to run and jump accurately . IF YOU HAVE LIMITED DEXTERITY OR PROBLEMS BEING REALLY QUICK , OR JUST DO N'T WANT TO PLAY A GAME WHERE THIS IS CRUCIAL , YOU MIGHT THINK TWICE ABOUT BUYING URU . This would not have been so frustrating if I could have saved the game before every attempt , but YOU CAN NOT SAVE THE GAME WHEN YOU WANT TO , and IF YOU `` DIE '' YOU GET SENT BACK TO THE START OF THE LEVEL . This causes the game to be tedious to those of us who had no problems whatsoever playing Myst , Riven or Exile . From other reviews I have found that I am not alone in this . Also , instead of simply picking up an object and putting it into place , you get to kick it around and into place -LRB- why ca n't you just pick it up ??? -RRB- I regret purchasing this game , and wish that Cyan/Ubisoft would renounce any association between it and Myst . If I had wanted `` Tomb Raider '' , `` Mario Brothers '' or `` Legend of Zelda '' I would have bought them .
 I have to disagree with the people who are saying `` Oh folks just do n't like it because they do n't have the system requirements . '' My computer ran the game just fine and it still stunk . The so called `` puzzles '' were tedious and frustrating , with little to no reward for putting you through the hell of solving them . The 3rd person user interface was disastrous , unnecessary , and poorly rendered . The landscapes were repetitive -LRB- note the repeating cloud patterns in one scene -RRB- and looked like something out of a Dr. Seuss book , not a high end video game . The soundtrack was dreary when it was n't irritating.I 'm so very sad that this game is of such poor quality both in technical matters and concept . I loved Myst , Riven , and Exile . Too bad I 'll never get the same experience from this wonderful game world unless I go back to play the old three again . By the time I got to my third age in Uru , I was bored and annoyed at being treated so rudely by Ubisoft/Cyan . I packed it up without a twinge of remorse -- well , except for the regret I felt for purchasing it and wasting my last holiday weekend playing it.The writers of this game should be taken out and shot for degrading the wonderful Myst mystique .
 The game installed just fine and my PC -LRB- 1.7 gHz Athlon w/GeForce 4 video -RRB- runs it without issue.The graphics are lovely and imaginative , though often so dark that I had to play the game at night with the lights off . -LRB- Yes , I went through the video calibration and I have the gamma correction at max . -RRB- But that 's where the fun ends . I agree with others that puzzles are tedious and made very difficult by the interface . The previous Myst games required lots of thinking , putting clues together to solve the puzzles . This latest addition requires less thinking and more `` Mario Brothers '' type moves.I think I 'm about half-way through the game and I 'm tempted to stop there . I wo n't even consider the online version of the game -LRB- which is what I think UBISOFT and CYAN really designed this game for -RRB- . If you liked the previous versions of Myst , do n't bother with this one . If you do n't mind half the game being `` how do I time this jump just right '' , give it a try .
 This game does n't deserve even zero stars . The 3-D controls are the worst I 've ever seen . It 's impossible to move around easily and like a previous reviewer said , you are now more worried about falling off ledges than solving puzzles . Also , the great mood music in earlier games in the series is now gone . It 's been replaced by , well pretty much nothing . What were they thinking when they designed this clunker ? I 'm so p * ss * d I spent the money on this game and now it 's gone for good . All they needed to do was continue the Myst-Riven-Exile format and people would have been happy as clams , but instead they went for the greed hoping people will someday pay to play this piece of crap online . Man what a bomb .
 Feeling ripped off ? I am ! I bought this game through Amazon , but first I checked the `` systems requirements '' to make sure it would run on my PC . Looked good - got game - ca n't install or play it because - guess what - I do n't have the right video card or sound card !!!! This game does n't work with INTEL graphics controller !!! INTEL , for $ # @ # sake ! Ca n't return to Amazon because it 's opened ! So please , trusting consumers , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT without doing some solid research - which is what I should have done , but no ... I trusted Amazon and UBI/CYAN . Big mistake . p.s. I only filled in one star up above because I had to in order to get this review posted .
 First of all , I had no problems getting the game to run on my system . That would be the good news I suppose.Unfortunately , the game itself is a major disappointment . Sure the graphics are nice , but the game really has none of the mystery and awe of the previous Myst games and the puzzles are VERY lacking . In Uru , the puzzles often make no sense . There is very little story , if any , and what we are basically stuck with is a hunt for -LRB- inconsequential -RRB- items.Obviously , the whole point of this game was a jumping off point for the Live game , in which new stories and ages would be introduced , therefore , what we have in the Prime game amounts to about half a game at best . And now the punch line - It has just been announced that the plug is being pulled on the Live game . Yes , that 's right . No continuing adventures on-line , no new ages , no new stories . What you have in Uru is IT . And , what you get in Uru is not worth it.It was a bold experiment -LRB- the on-line game -RRB- , but it has failed , so be warned before you buy - NO LIVE GAME .
 I bought this game pre-order 'cause I wanted the previous mysts to play on my new laptop with xp . i have 512 of ram , a NVIDIA force 4 4200 video card , an upgrade on my audigy sound card . NADA ! Nil ! nichevo ! It installed o.k. - so it said - and went directly to my home interface . My tech tried it on his machine , nada . His wife tried it on her new custom-built machine - nada . What a piece of ka-ka !!
 I 've read all the reviews to date . While I 'm just as frustrated as the next Mac guy -LRB- and I 've been a Mac guy for 20 years -RRB- that there is no Mac version , from what I 've read so far , I 'm not convinced that I 'm missing much.While a relative handful here give the game rave reviews , it appears that the rather narrow system requirements , along with the plethora of bugs and patches that typically plague Windoze systems regardless , add up to a less than exemplary experience , despite the advance hype . I 'm certainly not going to invest in a new PeeCee just to play a $ 70 game . realMyst spoiled me.Let the Windoze people find the bugs - I mean , they 're certainly used to it . Bill Gates has trained them well!By the time a kickin ' Mac OS X version DOES become available , all those bugs and video card problems will be solved . It may be worth the wait .
 I bought the game , loaded it and started it . After clicking the play button , it froze . I downloaded all of the updated drivers for my ATI Radeon card and have the latest version of Direct X on my computer , but it still does n't work . I am disappointed that Ubi Soft shows that my hardware is supported in the list , but that the game still does not run . The demo version ran great on my machine , and this is what disppoints me the most . If it had not , I would never have purchased the game . Hopefully , when I purchase my next computer in 2 to 3 years , the game will work .
 I could not get this to run at all on my Windows 2000 system - even with Uru updates and the latest graphics card drivers . It just crashes.On my HP tablet running XP - it will run , but only after installing the Uru updates and then soooo slow . Even when there is NOTHING happening on the screen , except for a static view , the mouse crawls across the screen so slowly that the game is literally unusable . It also has an annoying hysteresis so that it overshoots where you are aiming at . What are these guys playing at ? This software just is n't ready for prime time!I 've given this 1 star because this is the lowest score I can give it . It does n't really even deserve this .
 Make sure you check the system requirements BEFORE you purchase this game . While Myst , Riven , and Exile will work with a Pentium II/Windows 98/etc . , Uru requires Windows XP/Me/2000 / 98SE , 800 MHz Pentium III or AMD Athlon , 256 MB RAM , etc.Again , MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS before YOU PURCHASE THIS GAME !! I am sure it is as great as the other Myst games ; unfortunately , I wo n't be able to find out until I can afford to update/buy a new computer !
 this game is boring and dumb . all you do is walk around this stupid porely designed kingdom I do n't recomend it . Age of Mythology is a better myth game
 I bought Uru -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- and the strategy book that goes with it . -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- . I have the other 3 games in the Myst Trilogy and enjoyed them very much , without any problems running them on my 2 year old and fairly expensive system . However , after installing the game , I discovered that I do n't have the proper graphics card so the game will not run . It will cost $ 150 -LRB- cheapest price -RRB- to get the appropriate card . And now I am stuck with a game on which I spent $ 70 . They wo n't take it back because it 's been opened . Yes , I know I should have checked into the system requirements a little more ... but I had faith it would run like all the other Myst games have on my computer . I think Ubisoft should refund to those who do n't have the appropriate graphics and do n't want to spend the money to get another card . Or perhaps they can come up with a version of Uru that will run on my machine . I am not happy and will have to find someone willing to buy the game and book already opened . I feel cheated by Ubisoft ... which is too bad , since I love the other games and will just have to be happy playing them over and over , especially Riven . -LRB- my favorite -RRB- . I gave the game 1 star , but do n't really know how the game runs since I ca n't run it !!
 I was a bit suspicious of this game at first . Was n't the Myst Trilogy supposed to stop with three games ? I was rightfully cautious . It 's been about a year since I 've had this game , and I finally figured out that I do n't play it because it is no fun ! I had the problems with system requirements too , but after updating my graphics driver , things finally started working . I had been stuck in the desert you get dumped into first because whenever I approached a certain journey cloth , the game crashed . The driver update solved that . However , once I could go to any of the worlds in the game , I noticed how bad the game was.My first complaint is that MYST DOES NOT NEED AVATARS ! I enjoyed being able to click and proceed to the next screen . I DO N'T NEED TO WATCH SOMEONE WALK AROUND . If I wanted to do that , I would be a stalker ! Like other reviewers have said , the slideshow was so much better.Second , the controls of the other games were SO MUCH EASIER ! Clicking , moving mouse , clicking again . There is elegance in simplicity . None of this &#60; insert bad language here &#62; that is thrown into Uru . If it ca n't be done by clicking the mouse and using your head -LRB- Ubisoft - please do n't take that literally - I 've heard the horror stories of kicking rocks -RRB- , it should n't be in a Myst game.Third , I am not interested in a Myst online game . Games like Myst , Riven , and Exile do not belong in an online environment . I admit that I have n't tried Uru online , but I have no desire to do so . If the game comes out , it should be GOOD ENOUGH to make me want to play it online.In short , this game is not well developed . I prefer DOS games to this ! It overworks my computer and it is NO FUN TO PLAY . Cyan and Ubisoft , please do not try anything like this again . Myst fans , stick with Myst , Riven , and Exile , the real Myst trilogy .
 This age of myst was one the really dissappointed me . Upon getting the game , it wouldnt play on my system because of the video card , so i had to buy a new card to play it . But the game itself is really boring , you spend all your time searching every inch of the screen to find things . All the other myst series had it alot easier to see when you had something to look at or click on , but not this game . If you are not in the exact right spot , you will miss something that you need to continue the game . I never finished playing URU because you are not sure what you are looking for , also you almost need a PHd to solve a few of the puzzles . This game was a big waste of my money , and i hope that they go back to the drawing board on the next installment they make . Get back to some of the old myst , newer isnt always better !
 This game is not user friendly . It is not like the other Myst games . I ca n't even get a start on the game . It wo n't save when you want to quit . Whe you do quit and come back to the game , it starts from the beginning again . The mouse curser is all over the screen and hard to control . I guess you have have to play it all in one day . The URU website is complicated and offers no help at all . I wasted my money on this game for which I ca n't play . I played the other Myst games with none of this type of trouble .
 After having enjoyed all of the Myst games I was very dissapointed in the URU game . You ca n't save the game so you have to start from the beginning everytime . I found it to frequently lock up requiring another reset and start from the beginning -LRB- I suppose this might be due to a defective disk but do n't know -RRB- . I finally bent the disk in half in frustration ... not at all the quality of the prior Myst products in my opinion .
 To whomever at Cyan may be concerned or cares : It took me about three days to beat Riven . It took me exactly 26 hours -LRB- minus sleep and food -RRB- to beat Myst III
 Having played all the previous Myst games , I had to get this one despite some occasional harsh reviews . Well now that I have played it -LRB- or at least partially played it ; I do n't think I 'll bother to finish it -RRB- , I agree with the critics.The player control are hideous . Trying to control the character while pushing items -LRB- stupid ! -RRB- is an exercise in frustration . I loved the previous titles puzzles which required thinking ; not struggling with movement controls to push objects or jump . This would have been better if they had just used the well-accepted standard first-person-shooter WASD control scheme . I got so peeved I threw it in a drawer where it may stay forever.Some of the puzzles are ridiculous . I loved the other Myst puzzles -LRB- especially Riven -RRB- but some of these are stupid . Fireflies sticking to your body !? Trying to make a bridge with a stool with these player controls !? Dumb and frustration.If you liked the other titles in the series , go ahead and get it , however , be warned ; you will probably hate it .
 I was only able to get past the opening scene and then the game kept crashing . Unfortunately I did n't realize that there are only two types of graphic cards work this game . The system requirements were for the following graphic cards
 Running with AMD Athlon XP 2500 + , Radeon 9600 , and a gig of RAM , so no technical or performance problems.The game itself is the problem . The user interface is terrible . Character movement is clumsy and imprecise.The game itself seems pointless , an aglomeration of nothing in particular for no discernible reason . As many have remarked , probably the base URU was originally intended as a small set of training levels for online play , which at the present does not look like it is ever going to happen.Running around the desert at the beginning for no reason at all with nothing much to do or see was the most fun I had with the game ; and that was not much fun . It was all downhill from there . There is no coherence to the game experience that I could discern . The puzzles are just stuck in , they do not feel like part of the story . Indeed the `` story , '' is really just a shell of a building without an interior ; again the story itself was something that would be expected to develop in the online play.Overall , I found the atmosphere , the music , the ambience , and the art to be rather depressing . I would like to say that there are some good moments that make up for it all , but if there are I never encountered them.Reviews tend to be either love it or hate it when it comes to URU . I would highly recommend trying the demo first before buying the game .
 Cyan and Ubisoft sacrificed a logical plot and good puzzles for fancy graphics . This game sure does have fancy graphics . Great views in 360 degrees . But , The story is pretty contrived . And there are only maybe 1 or 2 good puzzles . The rest of the game is just pulling the right switch in the right order kind of stuff.Now , Myst , Riven and Exile all have both true puzzles and `` pulling the right switch '' kind of stuff ... but the true puzzles in the previous games were much more creative and they required logic to solve , not just random `` I guess if you add the numbers up and divide by two that 's the answer '' kind of answers -LRB- that 's not really the answer to a puzzle in the game ... just an example ... -RRB- . The `` pulling the right switch '' kind of stuff is also very poorly done , because again , there 's no logic involved . In the previous games you could see pipes or something going to certain places and figure out what you were supposed to do ... there is some of that in this game , but its mostly just random stuff ... pulling a certain switch causes a certain door to unlock for no reason really ... I 'm not saying that this game is terrible ... I 'm saying it 's about on par with other role playing games ... but that 's not saying much , because most role playing games are n't very good ... Myst , Riven -LRB- and arguably exile -RRB- were some of the best games because they had difficult puzzles to solve but by immersing yourself in the game you saw how it all fit together and could solve the puzzles . This game does not really fit together . You just jump through hoops to get to the end , and in the end you 're not very satisfied.Finally , the movement of your guy -LRB- or girl -RRB- around in this game is horrendous . You never had to pick anything up and do anything in prevous Myst games . In this game , you still do n't have an `` inventory '' , but , without saying too much here for those of you who still want to play this , you 're required to physically do stuff with your character in the game . You 've got to kick stuff around and push stuff over and its just such a pain because you have to do this stuff by just pushing your character into something ... really poorly designed ... you should have been able to pick something up or at least grab it ... I think the problem here is that they really did focus their efforts on making this game have fancy graphics -LRB- which incidentally , did n't Quake acheive this kind of graphics about 4 years ago ??? -RRB- instead of making it have good puzzles and logic . But , this is a pretty common problem these days with games in my opinion ... too much focus on graphics , not enough focus on making it a good game ...
 Uru is as underwhelming as it is expensive . The unlucky individual who buys this gamewill have to endure a game play style that forces constant alternation between keyboard and mouse control . This is caused by the unfortunate decision to have the game done in third person , forcing the player to tediously maneuver a poorly controllable character throughout the world with the keyboard , and then search nearby with the mouse for hot spots . The graphics are nominal at best , nothing like Riven or Exile , and the worlds are in no stretch of the imagination as enchanting or creative . It is impossible to get swept away in the ambiance of a long lost and magical world playing this game because it simply has the impression of just another third person 3D video game . There is no Myst/Riven feel here at all , no style , no magic , only the sound of hard earned money spent .
 Be absolutely certain that you have the hardware requirements for this game . Just because you 've run Myst , Riven and Myst III , it does n't mean you 'll be able to play Uru . In fact you have to have one of only 2 video cards in order to play.Obviously , I 'm disappointed . I love the Myst series , but Ubisoft should make it more clear that this game requires hardware above and beyond the earlier games .
 I bought this game for my wife , and was so ashamed to have gotten such a cheap -LRB- NOT -RRB- game . I have a top of the line computer WITH the correct video card , and the game still sucks . The graphics are terrible , and moving around takes a brain surgeon , or so it would seem . I wish that I could get my hard earned money back , but the scheisters that put out this game are n't likely to do that since their obvious modivation was profit , and not the unwary customer . I will never purchase another game crapped out be these people .
 UBI Soft is only supporting the following video cards
 I am sure this is a game is good because the other ones were great . But since UBI Soft has decided that MAC users are not important I will never find out .
 Thank God Ubisoft had a playable demo that saved me from spending any money on this game . Ubisoft would be best served to return to the format of the first three games and not exclude the Mac fan base as they have here . The game ran sufficiently well on my 1 year old Dell , but , hardware requirement issues aside , the game looks and feels more like Everquest than a Myst game.A big disappointment for what was an eagerly anticipated game .
 Giving it one star is extravagent . Loved Myst and Riven . Exile was not quite so good , but with URU they have reached an unbelievable low . Uninstalled it within hours of getting it.And in order to do the interactive must have broadband and then will later have to pay a subscription fee . Is not worth the initial cost much less anything else . Save your money or buy a few good audio CDs .
 Yes , it does give specific requirements to play this game , but who would have believed it really would be that specific ! We feel we were not made suitably aware that this product was not compatible with our computer , even though we purchased a brand new one.Yes , we have a `` little Dell '' , but we are not into the details of why a computer is compatible or not - only that we asked for the best and were assured we would get the best!After reading reviews for this game published on Amazon.com , as well as on others , it is obvious that this product should not even be out on the market . It is designed to draw consumers into purchasing a monthly plan in order to continue -LRB- and perhaps someday conclude -RRB- playing this game , as well as purchasing additional expensive hardware endorsed by benefiting companies.It would be too kind to say we feel cheated by this whole experience . We spent a great deal of wasted time trying to make it work , only to be constantly disappointed the entire time we had this game . -LRB- At least we have the intro fully memorized - that is about as far as we got . -RRB- We just love the true Myst games and want to play it for the mystery , not the hyper graphics ! So be warned , you must indeed have exactly what it requires on your computer , especially the video cards .
 Although it lists `` Video Card
 The game Uru is disappointing . The software can only be installed on 2 specific video cards . Unfortunately the product specifications are ambiguous . They state the names of the 2 cards or `` higher '' . In fact , higher is not an option since technical support at UBI software state the product will only run on the 2 specific cards named . This is unheard of in today 's gaming environment . UBI should clearly and largely state this information on the front of the box and in bold lettering in the specifications .
 I have a six month old Dell computer that was top of the line when it came out . As many have already stated , this game runs like garbage , no offense intended to garbage . I have n't seen dreck like this since The 11th Hour , another game that tried too hard to be cutting edge and wound up unable to run on most top of the line systems . Like others have posted , I meet the top end of the requirements for the video card . I have also downloaded the patch . No results.This is especially annoying because once you break the seal on a computer game , you ca n't return it . I meet all the requirements listed on the box , yet ca n't run the video portion of this game . I come here and see MANY of us are in the same boat . This is pretty much fraud on the part of Ubisoft , since they must have known that their `` recommended requirements '' were a load of hooey . They deliberately bent the truth just so people would waste their money on this lame excuse for a game . As for upgrading , why should I be forced to upgrade my computer to play one game , and a game that lies on the box and says it will run with system requirements that are n't remotely accurate , at that ? Exactly how much money am I expected to shell out to play one 20 hour -LRB- max -RRB- puzzle game?My advice to people considering this purchase
 I would have liked to play this game , but unfortunately , the developers only used two video cards . Before you buy this game as a gift , make sure the person can tell you with certainty that the game will run on it ! And , do n't bother calling the tech support line , they 'll just argue with you !
 After just recently finishing Myst III Exile , I was so dissapointedin Uru . The system requirements are too specific . Very few video cards will even work with the game , and if you do get it to work , it 's boring . Running across the desert is amusing for about 10 strides , not a whole game . Amazon will not leave this post herebecause it will hurt their sales , but I whole heartedly recommend NOT spending money on this dismal failure.cc
 After trying and failing to install this game on my girlfriend 's brand-new , top of the line Dell laptop and my brand new PC with a gig of ram and 256 MB video card , I have determined two things :1 -RRB- UbiSoft has made this year 's most disappointing game because their intent was to market the product based on the fans ' love of the Myst name rather than to design a cutting-edge playable game . Most people who own a computer own a Compaq or a Dell , neither of which come standard with the type of video chipset that is required to run this game . No one should be expected to make a $ 130 upgrade to play a $ 50 game .2 -RRB- Amazon has done all of its customers a disservice by failing to mention that the system requirements of this game are absolute and the majority of computer users in America will not be able to play this game . I 'm a computer tech with ten years of experience , and I could n't get this software to work , so how does UbiSoft and Amazon expect the average user to do so ? And if they fail to properly outline the requirements of this software , how many other products have they failed to disclose pertinent information about?I will be contacting Amazon tonight about returning this poorly designed product , and if they refuse to offer me a credit or refund I will never buy from Amazon again for any reason . Plus I think I 'll burn a few hundred copies of Uru and give them out for free in front of Virgin Megastores in Manhattan . I 'll let you all know .
 I loved the previous games in the Myst Series , but was disappointed with Uru . First , the story was nowhere near as compelling as in the previous games . Secondly , controlling your avatar was quite difficult - and be prepared for a lot of jumping more typical of an action game . The game seemed as if it was only a prelude to the real game to be played online . Unfortunately , Online Uru has now been cancelled . Instead we will get expansion packs ; the first one free to those previously registered ...
 For all those reviewers who could n't make this game work with their video cards , do n't feel bad about it ; just get your refund and thank your lucky stars that you did n't try to play the wretched thing.I 'd really like to have a word with the idiot who designed the user interface . There are several ad-hoc standards for interaction and motion , and URU uses none of them . The involuntary switch between first and third-person viewpoints is clunky and confusing . -LRB- Try Schizm II for a good example of how to do it , lads -RRB- . There is no conventional save and restore mechanism
 I bought this game for my husband for Christmas because we had so much fun with the previous games in the series . What a disappointment . The beautiful grahics and haunting music from the last ones are missing . You now go through as a character you created , worrying about jumping off ledges rather than encountering interesting puzzles to solve . Using a character to explore the worlds takes away the firsthand feeling of being in a stranger in a strange land . It is ackward and just not the same . I personally do n't want to meet other gamers in cyberspace nor do I care that I can change the length of my character 's nose or his shirt . I just want to be presented with fun and challenging puzzles in an exotic and mysterious place . I wish I could return it after only one night of playing .
 Never got to play the game , as it does n't support 90 % of the video cards out there . Their site `` helpfully '' recommends that you buy one of the TWO OR THREE cards supported , and by the way , you 'll have to kick in an extra $ 50 for a new 400-Watt power supply.Tech support ? You ca n't even send them an e-mail even after registering the product . Guess you have to fork over your credit card before they 're willing to have a person type back at you.Hunt around long enough on their site and you 'll find a list of everything not supported -LRB- and the pathetically short list of what is -RRB- . IMHO these lists should be in bold print on the front cover of the retail package.My opinion
 I 've played all the Myst series games and never found any other games I liked as well , so I was eagerly anticipating URU . What a disappointment . As many people have stated , the controls are very difficult -- to my mind they interfere with the exploration of the wonderful worlds , which is one of my favorite things about this series . I just do n't get the sense of wonder that I got with previous games and sometimes the timed puzzles are such a pain that they really lessen the enjoyment of the game . Unlike the other games , I may not bother to finish this one . The game definitely did not live up to my expectations either in story line or graphics . Another gripe I have is that you probably wo n't be able to play the on-line portion particularly well unless you have broadband . Well , this game is not good enough to induce me to upgrade to broadband to play the on-line portion . A really mediocre effort from the people who produced the previous three great games .
 I loved the previous Mysts . This one is absolutely aversive.COMPATABILITY
 I have all the hardware to run Uru and it runs just fine . However , my complaint is n't with that , it 's with the change in format . I do n't even have a problem with them rendering on the fly , but why did they have to do it so badly ? I mean , seriously , I have anisotropic filtering and 4x anti-aliasing on , and it still looks worse than Exile . It 's not `` jaggies '' , it 's just the harsh lines that they rendered it in . Fire up Exile and look at how beautiful everything is and how well-rendered , and then compare it to Uru . I do n't know , maybe I just expected too much , but I 'm just disappointed and think they sacrificed graphic quality to satisfy the requirements for online gaming -LRB- that is , rendering on the fly -RRB- . You expect some harsh lines in a first-person shooter like Unreal II -LRB- which I think is prettier , gore and all , than Uru -RRB- , but when you 're gon na be staring at the same thing for a few hours trying to figure out a puzzle , at least give us some eye-candy to look at . And what happened to freakin ' HUMAN actors ?! Is there any game that does n't use awful-looking CGI characters , anymore ? Again , check out Unreal II for some amazing looking characters , and rendered on the fly . Oh , well , I forked out the fifty bucks , I might as well get a walk-through and plow through it . Man , I 'm bummed .
 The specs that appear on Amazon require
 I loved Myst , had a lot of fun with Riven , and thought Exile 's rollercoaster was the best game payoff ever . Sadly , Uru was nothing but a huge disappointment . Oh , there 's a new avatar you can control in 3D and make run and jump , plenty of eye candy , and generally pretty good camera work -LRB- although a bit quirky in spots , when I could look through my avatar 's body to her ankles disappearing in her shoes -RRB- . Uru lacks a good story . The puzzles are almost non-existent , and what few there are do n't really make much sense , and they 're not well integrated into what little story there is . One whole age consists of mostly of just wandering around , trying to figure out which eye candy you can actually interact with . And you have to run and jump . This is cool , at first . It becomes a bit frustrating as jumps you think should work do n't , then disconcerting in some of the more vertigo-inducing sequences , then downright gratuitous when you 're forced to do the same annoying sequences at least twice . -LRB- And that 's only if you actually make the jump each time . -RRB- I only finished the game because I was hoping for at least a decent payoff at the end . It 's not there , unless a Peter Gabriel song does it for you.And yes , the other reviewers are correct
 this was a dissapointment for a person who has played all the previous Myst games . im not a computer gammer , myst games are the only computer games that i play . i was at first drawn to thier user intresting storylines and fun yet challenging puzzles.Uru , however , is a bump in the series of games . the plot is confusing and unexplained , especially if you dont purchase the cheat book to answer some of the questions . in previous myst games , everything ment something . in uru however , this is n't so . there are strange parts of the game that will leave you saying `` Why am i doing this and why am i here , '' for example the strange `` prison worlds '' as i and my friend called them.the puzzles involve more computer skills than hard thinking , becuase you have to manuver yourself or objects . The answers to the puzzles are bizzare and it seems that they more dumb luck answers than anything else . there were 2 or 3 good puzzles in the game . otherwise , the silliness of what i was doing was frustrating.im not giving up though on the myst games and am hoping `` Revelation '' will be on the right track !!
 When I heard that the makers of Myst had created yet another adventure game , I could n't wait to get my hands on it . Taking into account that I had thoroughly enjoyed all of the other Myst games , I expected that Uru would be no letdown . Wrong !!! As it turned out , Uru did not even work on my computer ; the game merely allowed me to view the introduction before requiring some advanced graphics card and stopping dead in its tracks . This game was such a disappointment ! I had been so fond of the Myst series until this little party pooper came around . I had basically exchanged 50 dollars for Uru 's cover art and a fruitless 30-minute installation ! Anyway , if you plan on buying this game , be aware that it requires a computer that was probably invented seconds before the game 's completion .
 This CD promises a few things
 There should be a zero star category . I could hardly wait to get this game home and enjoy more Myst style gaming ; however , the game would not play correctly . I have a very recent system but all the fiddling I did adjusting the graphics AND the time online downloading things the program said I needed , did n't help . Luckily I bought my game at Costco and they take things back even if they 're opened . Thnaks Costco !
 It should be clearly listed on the outside of the box that this game has several incompatibility issues with the most popular video cards , we have 2 nearly new HP computers , one with Pentium III and one with Pentium 4 and plenty of RAM in both , but the NVDIA cards are incompatible with this game ! I got it for Christmas and was so excited to play . Now I am asking the gift giver for the receipt back so I can go buy another compatible type game for XP .
 This game has very poor controll and nominal graphics . I had posted a review along with several other people about the many problems with this game , but amazon keeps purging the reviews . At one time this game had over a dozen reviews with many complaints , but they all have been removed from the page .
 I read the review `` feel ripped off '' I completly understand this person 's anger , this happend to me with the Anniversary dvd edition of Myst / -LRB- Riven -RRB- does not work and is a know problem with some video cards which Ubisoft knows about , while on the site i checked to see if my card would be compatiable with URU hence as the reviewer wrote it would not support it , i have Intel intergrated chipset also . I think all stores or online sites should post this info as soon as it becomes available , too many burned consumers out there .
 This was everything I dislike in a computer game . It has almost no resemblence to the real Myst games . If they keep going the next Myst product they produce will be a full shoot-em up game . This is n't too far from it .
 To start with , I hope you have some money to make upgrades . I happened to be lucky enough to have built my own gaming PC with 512M of very fast memory , a very fast large hard drive , and an ATI ALL In Wonder card that runs a 52 '' plasma screen . Something I put together just to play games of these sorts . The game still crashes occationally if I have the graphic turn all the way up.Speaking of graphics and sound ... yah they are very nice . This could be the first game that take FULL advantage of surround sound . Some of the areas are rather boring and I have run into annoyences with the white background and the white cursor getting lost . The menuvering takes quite a bit to get used to and even after playing for hours it 's sometimes quite a pain.The puzzles so far -LRB- I 'm not finished with the game -RRB- are boring . Most of which consist of jumping to this perfect spot or running here and then there with perfect timing not to mention there is no real save position , so if you miss the perfect jump you have to wait for what seems like hours to return to the starting point then link back to where you were which is another eternal wait ... -LRB- in reality it 's less than a minute on my machine , it just seems like forever -RRB- of course you do this several times since you ' r not sure if you ' r doing the right thing or not ... unless you want to just play the thing with the cheats sitting right by your side so you do n't waist an hour jumping down a hole just to find out you were supposed to jump down that hole but two pixels to the left.I loved all the other Myst 's . This one I will suffer through just to see if it gets better and I will revise a review if it does ... . I certainly hope they do n't expect ppl to pay for online gaming with these kinds of bothersome puzzles . I guess it 's worth the ~ $ 50 if you have a system that can run it ... . it 'd better not be a standard machine you bought in a store , it 'd better be some custom thing you had built .
 This is a revised review based on further game play and testing.I upgraded my PIII from 550 to 1.4 GHZ CPU -LRB- $ 135 -RRB- , bought a 128MB GE Force FX5200 8X AGP -LRB- backward compatible to my 2X AGP slot but still the low-end card ~ $ 70 -RRB- , a Soundblaster Live Soundcard using analog interface -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- , and 384MB of RAM.I 'm in no hurry to play/finish the game . I can play -LRB- maybe -RRB- 1-2 hours a week . But with a few days off from work this past week , I 've attempted to play it over a period of the last 14 hours or so . I do n't buy many other games so I 'm planning to savor this one -LRB- if it ever stops freezing my PC -RRB- . The graphics are beautiful and the sound is awesome . I 've got the game settings right so the game rarely crashes anymore on the opening desert level.The real problems , unfortunately , start when I make my first link over to the level with the four linking books and the small building . Unfortunately , this level really locks up my Windows 2000 OS . Even with my PC `` upgrade '' I still have to `` baby '' the game and try and free up RAM using my FreeMem Pro application to try and `` extend '' the amount of time I can play before my PC locks up . The worst crashes lost my game character -LRB- twice -RRB- and I was forced to start the game from the beginning level -LRB- creating a new character and having to run back through every level I had been to -RRB- . I 've been very patient for the past 14 hours of game play but the crashes have finally reached the point of annoyance.So - why did I give URU 2 stars ? The question asks
 Recently purchased Exile -LRB- Myst III -RRB- and Uru here at Amazon , after checking computer requirements . Exile is dull , despite the cheap price , do n't bother . Uru , on the other hand , is massive , and although it will load , can not get it to run on new Dell XP machine . No on-line support from UBI that I can find - their beautiful web site is geared for those who 've already gotten ` in ' and are ready to move forward to cyberspace . I 'm very disappointed but willing to sell to the highest bidder !
 why is this game uncool ? cuz once you can actually play it , it sux!I had to play it on my neighbors super new computer with fully new graphics cards cuz i could n't play it on my somewhat outdated dell.Warcraft 3 , starcraft , and max payne work on my computer just fine but uru does n't work at all ! I remember the days of doom , when games were easy to install and worked without many problems . Plus , old school computer games like doom were actually fun ! -LRB- you did n't fall off a cliff without being able to save -RRB- I 'm mad at all elite gamers who are telling me to get over the system requirements . They shouldget over themselves . games were for the average person and now they 're for people who have a ton of money . Warcraft 2 and 3 had fun single player levels so you did n't have to spend extra moneyafter buying the game on internet connections . Uru required a -LRB- or two -RRB- new , expensive graphics cards ! Uru was not worth the money because for all the trouble the game should 've been godlike but instead it was frustrating -LRB- wicked tedious -RRB- and was made for the elite gamer . stupid elite people !
 I am so disappointed . I asked for and received this game as a gift but I do not have the system requirements to make it work . I would have to spend about $ 400.00 to upgade my windows 98 , my video card and my sound card . It is not worth it to me . I can not even get it started to see if I would like it . This game will not play under windows 98 as Amazon says it will . I guess you need atleast windows 98se or 2000 . Be very carefull before ordering and make sure you have ALL of the system requirements .
 This is not the bare minimum of what Myst should be like . Never mind the crashing , this is just no fun whatsoever . It 's cold and unnecessarily mysterious . Pass on this one .
 I ca n't believe that this is a PC-only game , with no Mac version ! The whole Myst phenomenon was launched be Mac users ! The original Myst was Mac-only when it first came out and it sold an incredible number of copies . Now the Miller brothers have turned their backs on the people who made them successful in the first place .
 Talk about left out in the cold . After making Myst on a mess of Macs they kick us out to shiver and press our noses up against the Windows .
 If I ca n't play it , it should get less , but one star is the minimum .
 What 's this crap ! Myst IS a Macintosh series - always has been . Now some company buys the franchise and only puts out a PeeCee version ? Forget it . Myst has lost it 's myth.PS
 Myst was and is created on Macs , and original Myst was first a Mac only title , because the Miller brothers are Mac Freaks and produced a long time for Macs only . I am shure URU will come for Mac too , but that it still is n't available for Mac , and worse that it is not first for Mac only is a break of tradition that tells us UBI Soft does not deserve to have this title .
 Yes , as other reviewers have written , this is indeed a game that even if you have a new computer -LRB- I brought my new PC on the day I got this game ! -RRB- with all the usual updates - well , unless you follow their so-called `` recommendations '' -LRB- ie ... their _ mandatory _ monopoly on sound/video cards ... what a pity they did n't say THAT on the packaging , would have saved my trip back to the shop to get a refund ! -RRB- in terms of support technology , well then congratulations - you now have a very pretty coffee mug mat!As mentioned before , the technical support consists of a site that blargs on and on about how wonderful it is and how you should be on tenterhooks for the online version ... well , I got my invite for the online version after over ten attempts to get the game to run on both my new computer and work laptop -LRB- which is no slouch in itself ! -RRB- and was then hassled by the company as to why I did n't take advantage of my so-called good luck . Well , if it was n't for all the patches and reviews of my hardware I had to go through , eventuating in nothing more than ` you ca n't play this , you have n't even got basic requirements ' maybe I could have shared their joy . Instead , wrote two brusque emails to their -LRB- HA ! -RRB- `` support '' site and only got a snappish ` well , return it then ' in reply.So - what 's it like if you do get it working ? A friend did get this running on their computer - is it worth it ? With crashes that kill your character -LRB- once only two minutes into the game when turning around in a room , nowhere near a fissure or danger ! -RRB- and the usual motion-sickness and unusual configuration -LRB- can you believe both trying to mouse move and keyboard at the same time ? Hey , UBI-soft , we 're not ALL ambidexterous !! -RRB- my conclusion is that this is NOT the game to give for Christmas , birthdays or even to anyone you care for . Sure , it 's pretty , lots of sounds ... but you 'll be reaching for the patches before you reach for the hint guide with this one . And consider yourself a genius if you can get past two of the levels with their dizzying visual requirements and garbled puzzles.This is a smear on the name of Myst and the company should be ashamed for releasing such technically inept games like this . Save your money , buy the old versions instead .
 Uru was an intriguing idea . Unfortunately , due to bad planning , bad marketing and even worse customer care , the whole project turned disasterous . It is now being remolded into an off-line product with `` expansion packs '' and one has to wonder with the name changes -LRB- it used to be called `` Myst Online '' -RRB- and the curious reluctance of Ubi/Cyan to alter the packaging still on shelves -LRB- which would ultimately be admitting to false advertising -RRB- whether or not the demise of `` Myst Online '' was forseen long before fans were lured to make a purchase.As presented to the general public , this game appears to be next in the Myst series . In truth , it is not . Myst IV will be a future seperate offline game . Uru is in fact an offshoot of the Myst series whose entire raison d'etre was online play . The wonderful people at Ubisoft will tell you to `` read the fine print '' if you contact them about lack of this online play.The version of Uru in the box is itself a redesign of content that was initially intended to be played online . I 've played all three previous games and enjoyed Riven the most . Uru is more of a chore than anything . The online portion was a major debacle riddled with technical problems and lacking any real game play . Even with the first free expansion pack due out soon , I do n't intend on replaying the main section in order to play that . It 's just not worth it.If you absolutely need this game , do yourself a favor at least and wait until it hits the bargain bins . It is certain to be offered at a discount bundled with expansion packs . You have been forewarned as I wish I had been . I do n't intend on buying any expansion packs for this . Furthermore , I will wait for reviews before even thinking about purchasing Myst IV , which I 'm very reluctant to do after this experience . Uru stinks , it really does .
 I JUST FOUND THE CONTROLS IN THIS GAME TO DIFFICULT TO CONTROL.THE GAME PLAYERS , WOULD NOT MOVE WHERE YOU DIRECT THEM , AND THEARROW KEY MOVEMENT , MOVED THE PLAYERS IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTIONGAME WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT , IF MOVEMENT OF PLAYERS WOULD HAVEBEEN AS IN RIVEN , MYST III EXILE , OR EVEN MYST , TRYING TO CONTROLTHE GAME PLAYERS , TOOK THE FUN AND ADVENTURE OUT OF THE GAME .
 Let me begin by saying I am an avid fan of both Riven and Myst . However , Uru falls flat on it 's face . What made Riven and Myst fun were the amazing graphics , the logic puzzles , and the world they immersed you in .1 . Uru does have good graphics and sound but Uru is not as compatible with graphic and sound cards as both Riven and Myst were .2 . You spend lots of time looking at the same stuff because of the idiocy of puzzles that require you to move something around , which is near impossible .3 . If you die , you go back to a spot very far away on your game and have to do all the same stuff to return you to were you left off .4 . I am not avid gamer but I do n't think I 'm alone in saying that I wasted way to much time trying to control my character . None of the point and click stuff that made Riven and Myst beautiful and easy to control .5 . Most of the worlds are designed so dark they are really difficult to see in .6 . To much excess ! You can waste lots of time on stuff that has very little to do with actually winning the game . I 'm all for touring but this took it to the extreme.Again , I was crazy about the first two , but this one is simply not worth it . I hope they come out with another because this was truly a horrible way to end a great series .
 Well we 've had Sims Park and Sims House Party And Sim City and now the we 've been delivered Sims D'ni . This is n't a continuation of the wonderful worlds created and expanded in earlier versions.And interactiong with others online is a cheap excuse to expand the game into a more profitable format . Was n't a lot of the appeal of the original games that you never saw other people ? Remember seeing someone in the distance run off and thinking , `` Wow ! There 's someone else here ! '' But you could rarely actually interract with others . You were an outsider.Now instead you get to look at yourself as a crappy SIM and others too.This game is a HUGE dissappointment .
 I purchase this game based on my past experiences with Myst andRiven . It has a complete Single Player off line . When I triedto gain access to the Multiplayer `` URU Live , I entered my CD Keyand a window comes up saying that a 56k Modem is no good . Youhave to have high speed modems to get on line . No where does thegame state this on the box or literature . That means you have been had . I ca n't afford a highspeed internet and it is notavailable in my area until June 2004 . I find that it will be $ 39.95 a month . Then you have to subscribe at Est , $ 9.95 a monthto play . Sorry , the game will be played in Single Mode and bedeleted from my CPU .
 What in GOD 'S NAME was Cyan thinking !!! I 've got a Pentium 4 2.8 ghz with a GeForce 4 128 mb graphics card and 512 mb ram , and I still could n't get this mess Cyan calls a game to run smoothly . URU ran retardedly slow and jerkilly even when I set the graphics and sound attributes to their lowest settings . Someone needs to track down the so-called crack programming team behind this mess so they ca n't even think about creating another `` game '' . I mean , my computer runs C&C ;
 I purchased this game with great expectations , all of the Myst type games have been very , very good . I tried to install this on my three machines -LRB- Intel 3.06 gig processor , Intel 2.6 gig processor , and AMD 2400 XP + -RRB- and could not get it to work on any of them . I understand the importance of copyguarding games , but when it wo n't let you play the game because it ca n't recognize the CD-drive it just installed from , there is a big problem .
 I 've not had any of the technical problems that others seem to be complaining about . Yes , the scenery is beautiful but the gameplay is TEDIOUS . No thrill or awe here . I was well over the breathtaking scenery by the time I solved the first puzzle . Frustrated and bored is the best way I can describe how I felt . My 2 other family members agree and do n't want to continue with it either . The positive 5 star reviews that I 've read here sound pretty fake . Someone please shoot me if I have to suffer through any more of this game .
 I was and am a huge Myst fan . So after I played Exile , not created by Cyan , and then saw that the Miller bors . -LRB- I think that 's their name ! -RRB- were coming out with this Uru thing and it had an internet part and so on and so forth , I was so excited . Never in my life have I seen such a horrible game . First off , let me say I have a 2.2 gig processor and an internet connection that Uru said it was downloading at over 300Kbs . Anyways , one moment in that volacno level I am walking across a bridge , then the camera change -- AS DOES MY CHARACTER 'S DIRECTION -- and I walk right off a cliff . Second , the controls -- WTF !!??!?!! Worst FPS controls I 've ever seen anywhere . Music
 I expected this game to be similar to the other three in the Myst series . I was disappointed . The game is OK , but it lacks the charm and challenge of the other three . You do n't feel like you 're the first person to explore this world , and the puzzles are too easy . The graphics are stunning , but the Sims-like characters shatter the illusion that you 're really there . Also , where the other games had a strong plot , this one does n't have one at all . I 've only completed one of the ages , and I 'm having trouble bringing myself to finish the rest.I also found several problems with playability . While I love the concept of a 3D world to explore , there were so many difficulties with it that I stopped in frustration several times . First , some puzzles involve moving loose objects around . The only problem is you ca n't pick anything up . You have to kick the object and hope it goes in the right direction . Second , there is NO ZIP MODE , so you have to walk all the way from puzzle to puzzle . This becomes very tedious after awhile . Third , this game takes a long time to load , and every time you enter a new age , which you do a lot , you spend several moments looking at a blank screen.The main problem , however , is that this game does not stand well on its own . Its purpose is to get people into the internet game , and the age I beat left me very disappointed . In the other games , when you see towers off in the distance , you can always find a way to get to them , and when you have random pipes sticking out of the ground , they always connect to a macine that you must turn on . In the age I defeated , you can see strange towers in the distance , but you never get to them . I went to the internet site to see if maybe you could get to them there , but even on Christmas day , it was so slow that I had to give up.While this game has many good concepts -LRB- like the ability to play with your friends in a 3D world -RRB- , it just does n't live up to its predecessors . All in all , if you are looking for the next Myst game , wait for Myst IV to come out .
 This is the gaming equivalent of Rocky 5 ... it should n't have happened . Just pretend it 's a bunch of outakes , and ignore it from the series.I must say , I blame ubisoft . I was selected as a beta tester for this game , and while i understand that there are many issues to attended to , all the bugs that I reported are still present in this game , and to me , that 's far beyond unacceptable.To all the people having trouble getting the game to launch
 The little action figure that you create is irritaing to move . I never did get the hang of it and spent lots of time spinning around and bumping into things . The game itself seems to have a marketing strategy geared toward the online game . I found the problems difficult , actually impossible , to solve . Much frustration here . Lots of side tracks that have nothing to do with solveing the game puzzles which lead to hours of boredom and frustration . Much better to play previous games of Riven and Exile . Even the original Myst has a charm and satisfaction that this game lacks .
 First off , the dang thing keeps crashing . Eventhough I 'm well within their system requirements the game still struggles . Now , this may not be too bad if you could save a game in a location . Nope , everytime you crash , you are back to where you started - yes , the work you 've done is saved , but it would nice if they character was where you left it . I mean , it 's getting really old running across that desert.I also believe this game lacks the charm and otherworldness of the other MYST games . Although the other MYST games did n't have the true 3d motion I thought the graphics were much better and more captivating . Much was given up to gain the 3d motion , and I think it was a bad deal . This game reminds me more of a MYST knock off than a true MYST game -LRB- more on that later -RRB- . Another thing - this game is really really dark - hard to play at anytime other than night - my monitor is at it 's lightest and brightest and I still ca n't see stuff.I also found out later that this really is n't really part of the MYST series - but rather an offshoot - I guess that explains the poor quality . I 'm hoping that MYST IV is more worthy of being a MYST game
 This game is dark . Dark as in hard to see what the heck you 're doing . Our system more than met every qualification , some things were double than necessary requirements . We were lucky enough to have one of the ` supported ' video cards . We crashed , crashed , crashed . We updated every single driver for every part of our machine -LRB- it was less than a year old . -RRB- One has to figure that they took more than one year to develop this game.The only way we were able to complete this game was by turning our sound to almost nothing . Just try to do some of the puzzles that way.Run , jump ? Myst was always about using your mind to solve puzzles . Not your hand-eye coordination.The storyline is ` dragging . ' If I want to get preached to , I can go to church . The clues . Gee , all this linking just to get a clue , what fun ! Link to here , to link to there , to get a clue , to link back to give it a try . Try to take these notes in the complete dark because your ` hoping ' to get not miss a ` save point . ` And , what is with those saves anyway ? I ca n't save where I want , only at these pre-determine points ! My reward , a landscaped hut and a t-shirt . I have n't played ` URU live . ' I do n't care . I ca n't wait to get this OFF my machine . I 'm not sure I 'll buy any more Cyan software . -LRB- I only wish that the people who made Seventh Guest and Eleventh Hour put out a new game . -RRB- The only way to finish this game without going crazy was by getting a walk-through . ... Even with this ` walkthrough ' it was hard to find everything . We never did finish landscaping our retreat . Does n't really matter as this is coming off anyway.I requested this game for Christmas . What was I thinking ?
 If I could have given this game ` ZERO ' stars I would have . A big , big disappointment . And I ca n't return it because it has been opened . Do not buy this game !
 I have enjoyed all of the previous Myst titles but this game will not run on either of my new -LRB- less than a year old -RRB- computers - these are top brands , too . I know there are several other reviews like this and I just want to emphasize DO NOT buy this game unless you have the specific video card requirements listed . Only 2 brands will work and they have to be the specific model listed .
 I also have the Intel chipset in my computer . I bought this game -LRB- which I 've been looking forward to for a long time -RRB- on its first day of release , and was bitterly disappointed . I could have been saved a lot of grief had I known it just would not run on my Intel graphics card ; this should have been made abundantly clear on the package under system requirements . After all , the Intel graphics card seems to be pre-installed on most computers nowadays . Only recently have I compiled enough research from the Ubi support site and Amazon reviewers to realize my mistake . This is the very first game I 've bought that I ca n't run on my computer , and believe me I 've bought plenty . I could n't return this one because it was opened , so it sits worthless and idle in my desk because I refuse to go out and buy and install a new graphics card -LRB- I suspect perhaps Ubi and certain graphics card manufacturers may be in business together -RRB- . Anyway , IF YOU HAVE AN INTEL GRAPHICS CARD , do n't waste your money like the rest of us have .
 I can not run this game on a fairly new and very expensive laptop computer -LRB- HP OmniBook 6100 -RRB- , because the video card apparently does n't fulfill the system requirements . I 'm not a gaming person , so what UBI wrote about the requirement does n't make sense to me , and my card was n't listed in their list of non-supported devices . It crashed anyway.It seems that UBI has overdone it this time ; apparently the super-duper 3D environment requires a super-duper graphics environment that ` normal ' people like me do n't have . I was a very big fan of Myst etc. , and am very , very , very disappointed that I 'm excluded from it from now on . I just hope I can get back my $ 50 ... My advice
 Ubi gives this little nugget of information buried deep within their website , perhaps hoping people will buy it before noticing
 This has to be the most boring and worthless game I have ever purchased . Looking at the box is more entertaining than playing the game . You can walk through fence but still be on the other side , how does that happen ? You are supposed to move things but you can not get focus on them . You are supposed to jump , then you land in mid air and ca n't do anything . IF I could I would send it back , but it has been openned , no support for things that do n't work . Links to patches want money , hey this is just a scam playing off a great set of games -LRB- myst -RRB- .
 This company expects everyone to spend 40-50 bucks on this game and then also expects them to have the most recent hardware or upgrade their hardware . Then they will wonder why they did n't sell more.The program just crashes , if the card was n't compatible why could n't the install program determine that and save a few hours of my precious time.Thanks for nothing UbiSoft !
 Hello , let me apologize for breaking the rules by not providing a review . I feel I need to share this with all of you . I have a real big problem with the PC Gaming industry . It seems that games today are being created to make a person `` Upgrade '' !! What 's the deal with this ? I 'm against PC gaming for this reason . I recently sent an e-mail to the kind people at Cyan , who replied back very graciously . I asked if they had plans for a Playstation 2 version . I thought because the first 3 were available and I had so much fun with them . They told me that due to the complexity of the game -LRB- Uru -RRB- that it wo n't be available for the PS2 ! From reviews and other articles I 'm seeing that it is complex . So complex that not even the PCs that it 's designed for , can not even play it . It seems you have to upgrade your PC to accommodate the game . To me this is very wrong . It 's bad enough we have viruses that crash our computers , now we have to worry about games !! Games should be fun . I prefer buying a game for my PS2 because I know that when I get home and start it up , it 's going to work without the need to `` upgrade '' . I really think someone should consider the PC gamers . I understand that if you have a 486mhz processor and 32megs of ram that you definitely need to upgrade . But from my understanding even some of the new PCs being bought today ca n't play this game.To all those desiging PC games
 the UI in this game is a freaking joke . . dont waste the money ... there 's already a bunch of used copies of this game for sale here at amazon ... clearly im not the only one who thinks this game inferior ... its too bad as the previous games of myst were excellent ... oh well
 My review may change , but so far I have not even been able to use this game . Despite having a brand new computer , updated sound and video drivers , exhausting UbiSoft 's VERY limited free technical help , and having Microsoft evaluate my computer as having 4x the lowest requirements to use this software , I am still unable to run it . It continues to crash to the desktop.I have been a HUGE Myst fan for YEARS , but this is enough to turn me off completely . I 'm calling in a computer whiz friend of mine , but if that does n't work , I 'm sending it back . Until they get the bugs worked out , save your money .
 The game has never worked we paid money to have it cleaned and its still does n't work . Do n't buy from this company !
 While a lot of effort was put into this game 's graphics , stop-motion animation and story the game play is very dull . Cars are slow . The fighting controls are weak . Even civilian AI is screwed ; they kept driving through the streets like normal despite the fact that a massive gun fight was happening . Overall it just was n't fun .
 I have not played this game on PC2 but it sounds like what I am about to say for Xbox is even worse in PlayStation2 mode . Mafia The Game for PC is my favorite game of all time . I spent a year of my life all day and night playing this game . I was going through a divorce and this was a GREAT escape and I loved it . I spent 6 months just on Free Ride and never got tired of it . Then the missions , the shootouts , the wild chases , criminals and police all coming after me , not even GTA could match this . Then my new computer had some sort of video glitch and even after trying 2 video cards , my processor kept burning up -LRB- so no matter games on the PC . I recently got an XBox and thought I would take my favorite game for a spin . I would have to say honestly this isnt even the same game . The graphics are not good , very fuzzy and not clear looking at all . Worse , on Free Ride , suddenly all the police have vanished from the streets . The police were an intregate part of the game before and made things exciting . You didnt just have to worry about speeding , or the criminals , but the police were always watching you and on your tail . Part of the fun was trying to get away with 4-5 cars full of police and 4-5 Mafia cars chasing you , in and when you get out of the car and try to run , shoot , hide , etc. . Also , I noticed it was very easy to run over the bad guys dressed in black . They seem to go down like a sitting duck . And to shoot them was the same , even a bullet somewhat close they were dead . Also the pedestrians act differently , and whole groups of them get into same positions -LRB- almost overlapping one another -RRB- and you can not accuratly fight with them , shoot them , or whatever . The accuracy of the game is not even close to the original Mafia PC game . I also noticed as I started some missions , the police are barely noticable even if you speed around the whole city at 100 mph . The game has to reset EVERYTIME you go over the bridge and if you finally did get the police to chase you , the XBox will crash right at that moment . Also , the characters repeat the same lines over and over again endlessly . There are a few new lines they read , but they repeat the same ones sometimes 3,4,5 , times in a row . The accuracy , innovation , realism , and precision of the PC game is not evident here . I can understand now why this company decided not to make a Mafia 2 and decided to shelf the whole Mafia francise plans . You have to make a great game GREAT on all flatforms . The other games I have tried on XBox are awesome -LRB- even better then the PC -RRB- because my screen is bigger , on a grander scale , and better looking then when you view it on a 15 or 17 inch monitor . But with Mafia , this game looks like a copy of the original . Even their new RACE mode has spectators clapping that look phony as a $ 3 bill . That sums it all up , I doubt the same people who made the PC game were even involved with this project . if you have ever played Mafia on the console and wondered what all the hype was about , you are right . But get a PC version and play it on a good computer with a good graphics card and you will see why this game ranks RIGHT UP THEIR with GTA and actually as far as accuracy , animations , action , and AI it ca n't be beat . Again that goes for the PC version , XBox , dont waste your money .
 Half of the time your A STUPID TAXI DRIVER CARS ARE REALLY SLOW LIMITID WEAPONS LOAD TIMES ARE SLOW A WERY BAD GAME
 dont buy it . the cops are crazy and you cant even hold a gun without the cops shooting you . you easily die , if you crash and live the cops arrest you . you loose life if you crash . its extreemly hard and if you shoot the cars they bleed and you shoot the people they sit down and cry and say go away . the game should be rated E. overall it suxxx .
 There was never a game included they only sent me a box .
 Always a big fan of the Celebrity Deathmatch T.V. show , and do n't get me wrong , the game was fun but after about 30 mins it does get a little boring but none the less it is entertaining .
 This game is n't worth the price ... actually it 's not even worth if it was given free to you ... the characters are a shame ... the choice is very restringed -LRB- not many character AT ALL -RRB- . you finish the game -LRB- in episode mode -RRB- in like 30 minutes or less -LRB- only 6 episodes , 3 fights each , the same people fighting on all the episodes since there are n't different characters !!!! -RRB- . The game is boring and lame , too short , and the locked characters are a joke -LRB- no celebrities -RRB- . Fans will be disapointed , casual players will be disapointed , it does n't do justice to the tv program ... beside the referi and the hosts , it 's not even about the program ... I 'm so disapointed ... do n't waste your money on this game unless you just want to collect i and say '' I own celebrity death match 's game even if it 's an awful game '' which is the only thing I can do with it now . The grafics are good though , and some of the attacks and '' fatalities '' are pretty cool ... but it 's still not worth the bother
 Not the best game in the world . But if you liked the show , you will get a kick out of the game .
 this game is okay in the begining , the graphics do not have to be good because it is just clay , but the rings you get suck and this game 's ` episodes ' are sooo easy to beat , i finished the game in less than an hour . It does not feature any of the celebrities of today besides maybe * Nsync but their 15 minutes of fame is up too . half of the characters is just monsters you win as you pass the episodes , i would expect to get more celebs . this game has okay replay value . The thing I did not like the most is you could not pick a specific move , for each button it had several moves that it could do , and sometimes you ran out of that move for a while and that made me mad . . chose for yourself but i would n't waste my money if i was you , i am gon na trade mine in tomarrow
 I am still smiling , thinking about how lame this game is . I rented it @ 9pm saturday , played a dozen rounds with my girlfriend and had the game `` beat '' by 11pm ! 2 hours ! In fact , beating the game can be done with the circle button only in 20 minutes . Man would I feel stupid if I bought this . By the way , sorry if you bought this .
 When I got this game I thought this was gon na be awesome ... boy was I was wrong ... big time . I 'm not gon na explain the gameplay or anything cause its not worth it . They should have spent time and money working on new fights for the show which I am a huge fan of even though now its only reruns on MTV2 . A Celebrity Deathmatch Season DVD set anyone ?
 This game is a renter only , ONLY if you have rented a good game to go with it . It should have come out years ago and then it might have been funny . The characters are dated , the dialogue is what you have heard from the show and the game play is controlled by the game . After you play each character once , the fun is gone . Just rent DO N'T Buy .
 I loved the show , so I got the game.It is funny for awhile , but the same moves and one-liners quickly wear on your nerves.The game ends very quick , but what 's really bad about this game is the so called unlockable `` bonus '' characters to play as!I was under the impression that you would unlock more celebs to play as ; that is NOT the case at all.You just unlock stupid fantasy characters like frankenstien , werewolf , mummy , alien etc.Also the material they used to poke fun at the celebrities seems dated , as if this game was meant to be released a couple years back.Gotham Games could 've also added better celebrities to play as and mutilate.I think it would 've been funny to see someone like Brittney Spears or Eminem getting impaled or beheaded.But instead they give us Busta Rhymes and Carrot Top !? Take this one for a rental if you are really bored , but PLEASE do not buy this one !
 This would have to rate as one of the worst games I 've ever purchased . I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased it.A bit like the TV series which the game is based on , the concept is initially funny but wears off very quickly . I think that I played for somewhere between 30 minutes and an hour , that 's it . The game-play is very basic and each player has limited moves . Very disappointing.Parents be warned that there is some Mature content in this game . Each character has a couple of special moves and hopefully you can work out for yourself the special moves of characters like or Anna Nicole Smith and Ron Jeremy -LRB- porn star -RRB- .
 I started playing this game today , and have completed it , no more than an hour later . So you can probably guess already that I am not going to be giving this game much of a positive review.Celebrity Death match is the game based on the old MTV animation show . I used to like the show back when it was on TV , so naturally I thought to myself , how bad could the came be ? I tried to base my purchase off of reviews here on Amazon , but they are so up and down and lack so much information that I hope the information people need in future will be answered here.As you can probably guess , it 's a celebrity death match inside a ring where two celebrities square off against each other until one of them is dead . So far it sounds good to me , as there is plenty of celebrities I would love to rip apart . Once the game is loaded , you are presented with very few options . You have the TV mode , which is a selection of 3 shows to start off with , each containing 3 match ups -LRB- or 3 fights -RRB- in which if you complete all 3 rounds with your given character/celebrity you will unlock hidden characters . Once you complete the first 3 shows , which again , are only 3 rounds long , you unlock up to 6 episodes and many more celebrities and new arena/rings to compete in . Secondly is the option for a Death Match , which is basically just exhibition where you can fight the computer or play 2 player to death . The next option is to create a celebrity , which has some pretty bad things to choose and just not enough to keep you interested in trying to create anyone with the lack of cloths and styles you are presented with . The create a celebrity is pretty much a waste of time as you can only compete with them in exhibition matches , and never in the shows . Lastly is the options option . Adjust game difficulty and sound and commentator volumes.Gameplay could have been so much better , but it lacks in giving you a feel of complete control . It 's a cartoon style off-the-wall fight to the death , so think Road Runner and Coyote type of moves and finishers . Playing in the TV shows is lame because you get 3 matches , and the characters you play as are chosen for you , not by you . It only took me about 30 minutes to complete everything and unlock everything , and replay value is pretty much nill . The controls of your celebrities are lacking . You press either X , Triangle , O or Sqaure to preform a move , you can also use the direction pad and press a button to do a different move . Your L and R buttons are for blocking and taunting , and a finisher and some moves are done by pressing 2 buttons together . There is no run button , nor a Irish-whip button , which you think would be standard in this sort of game!For the most part , when checking out what moves your celebrity has , by the time you have done all 8 of them , you 've pretty much beaten your opponent senseless and it 's time to finish the match . Matches can last as long as you want to avoid your opponent , but going in for the kill , you can do it in under 30 seconds and they will have barely fought back . Usually you just figure out what move does the most damage and just keep hitting that button . There is no strategy needed , it 's pretty much .5 percent above being a button masher type of control.What leaves this game lack luster in replay value is that you can only have the one match type , just one on one . There is no tag-team -LRB- 1 on 2 -RRB- , triple threat -LRB- 1 on 1 on 1 -RRB- , tornado -LRB- 1 on 1 on 1 on 1 -RRB- or any other combination of match ups . I did n't expect it to be like wrestling games and feature cage matches or hell in a cell , TLC etc. . . but I at least expected some sort of match options where I could select something other than 1 on 1 . What where they thinking?The celebrities you can choose are decent celebrities , but there are so many more that where on the show that could have been included that would have made it so much better to have seen as part of the line up . Where is MTV 's # 1 duo Beavis and Butthead ? The show became popular by having WWE/F champion Stone Cold Steve Austin on the show , but even he is not in the game ... not even a generic rip off to avoid copyright , nor can you even make a bald head in create a celebrity mode.Speaking of create a celebrity mode , I mentioned what little you can choose , regarding looks , but another thing that is lame is you can only choose 2 sets of already pre-made moves , one of a boxer and one of a brawler . ????????? WHY ???????? I ca n't make a character and choose to have him fart off a move like others in the game ? LAME , LAME , LAME!Graphics wise the game is what you expect , check out screens from the game , they are just your typical polygons of the time , and they look ok I suppose.Sound is something that makes the game pretty boring , not so much the commentary but the lack of background music during fights , because when the commentators are n't talking , it sounds like silence and really takes away a lot from the atmosphere of the game.I never played the ps1 version of this game , but least that game had codes to unlock everyone , instead of wasting almost an hour of your time unlocking all the characters and rings in this one.The characters/celebrities in this game are as follows ; Anna Nicole Smith - Uses her boobs alot as attacks and squirts milk out of them -LRB- funny at first , boring after a minute -RRB- Busta RhymesCarmen Electra - Uses saws and things for some reason.Carrot TopCousin Grimm - Who?Dennis Rodman - -LRB- has some cheap attacks -RRB- FrankensteinGladiatior Nick -LRB- commentator -RRB- Jerry SpringerMarilyn MansonMiss CleoMr . TMummy'N SYNC -LRB- each chosen separately -RRB- Chris KirkpatrickJ.C . ChasezJoey FatoneJustin TimberlakeLance BassRon Jeremy - Uses a lot of chickens and bones.Shannen DohertyTommy LeeWizard Johnny -LRB- commentator -RRB- WolfmanZatar the alienAgain , no Beavis & Butthead , Stone Cold Steve Austin , Pamela Lee Anderson , Howard Stern , Rosie O'Donnel , Oprah Winfrey , Arnie , Sly , Letterman , Leno , Ozzy Osbourne , man the list could go on for ages . Do n't even bother to try and create them , you wo n't get a good likeness . You ca n't even create height , weight or muscle types.I hope I did n't leave anything out , and I agree with GamePro magazine this this game is a 2.0 out of ten . This game is not the worst game ever made , but it 's pretty disappointing . If you could rent it for a dollar , it would be ok , as you paid your dollar and would pay them another dollar to take it back . But I bought this for 6 , and I feel 5.99 ripped off !
 In their quest to have the same popularity as FIFA , the guys at Konami have bungled up the only thing that made their celebrated soccer game stand out ; gameplay . PLayer movement now reeks of FIFA 2007 , as it has become substantially easier for a player to weave through the defence , and it has become much harder to effectively control defenders . Player reaction has definitely decreased , and at the moment Henry would be hard-pressed to outrun a defender like Robert Huth . Basically , all defenders have turbochargers that enable them to miraculously catch up with the speediest of players , and easily strip the ball away from them . Gone is the endless shirt pulling and defensive tugging and impeding experienced in the previous games that did so much to replicate real-life soccer situations . In short , the game has ceased to be a simulation , in its bid to draw more arcade game players . Granted , it might draw one or two sympathetic players , but in the end it will surely alienate a lot of hard-core Winning Eleven players , who played it not for the virtually unchanging graphics or the choppy , clunky , Soviet-era menus , or even the lack of licenses , but for the realistic gameplay which was surely ahead of its time . Until they did THIS piece of crap .
 This short leaflet for a manual is an insult to Konami customers !!! The graphics look somewhat better and there are no speed nightmares this time ... The game freezes into a black screen now and then .
 Basically , I think this game is really boring . Yeah it has good graphics , WOOPIDEEDOO ! That still does n't make up for the flaws . The gameplay is ok , but kind of confusing to learn at first . Once you learn the controls you can beat up goofy looking robots , OH BOY ! If you like that , guess what , you get to do it the whole first half of the game ! Then , you can fight more goofy-looking robots , because that 's pretty much all you do . So if you like beating up lots and lots of robots , then this game is right for you , otherwise , I suggest you get as far away from this game as possible .
 If you have a 64 bit system , pass on this one - it wo n't work . We had this game years ago and the whole family loved it - we were thrilled to find it again - but all our machines are Windows 7 , so the 64-bit system wo n't play this game . Bummer !
 i hate this game . we bought it 2 years ago and i hate it . i am 12 and this game is nerve wracking , when i 'm not on the edge of my seat , screaming at it or failing 10 times in a row i 'm in tears over this STUPID game . DO NOT BUY THIS . TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY . if you are wise , do not want you or your children in tears or screaming at the game , or slamming you game boy into the wall or taking a hammer and breaking the game . do not buy it .
 When I got this game I expected something really silly with a smattering of sexual humor thrown in , something that would make me smile and be an entertaining diversion for a couple of hours at the screen , and give me a little something good to ogle at as well.Instead , what I got from this game are really bad and cheesy graphics , a flat , 2-dimensional rendering of characters that look more like something out of a five-year old 's comic book than the typical titillating underwear model , and the assumption that the target audience wo n't have any more intelligence than the real main character you are supposed to play.The premise might sound entertaining ... you are a teenage alien visitor to earth whose mission is to bring back photos of models wearing specific types of underwear , and you are equipped with pickup lines and gifts to entice the models to pose for you , and x-ray glasses to see through clothes , and a limited supply of `` goop '' you can throw at the models to dissolve their outer clothing if nothing else works . In reality , there are only THREE little areas to explore and thats all ! Each area has one single background drop of scenery and thats it , which looks as artificial as the models themselves . A five-year old kid could draw a map of this entire game on the palm of one hand . Not only that , the sounds are inferior and are off sometimes with the limited , boring movements of the game characters . The whole game itself presents the appearance of being designed , drawn , programmed , and executed in an awful hurry , with no careful checking for bugs , no attention to detail at all , and no effort in creating a game that WOULD actually be fun to those who would buy the game from the shelf . I bet the thoughts in the designers head was `` quick , lets publish the game fast before the childrens parents protest and we have to pull it from the shelves . `` The full name of this game is `` Panty Raider
 Man I want to tell you this gameis ssssssooooooooo boring . Allyou do is shoot girls with hisgun . Bad game it is.Theworst part is that you take picturesof girls in their pantys.I beat this game like in about 5 minutes . Do not wasteyour money on THIS game like THAT !
 Air Conflicts
 This is a really intense game , but mostly because you 're not sure when it 's going to lock up on you ! save often and be prepared to restart the game often . .
 Well if you are a commercial pilot then you and only could really enjoy this . I could not endure the slow going of this software . Sorry but unless you enjoyed being bored to death hunt for something else !!
 No enginge sound with Win95 . Graphics are very pixelated , slow , with poor resolution similar to an old Commodore 64 . I am using a new AbitBE6II/PII350Mhz/128Mram100mhz / 8meg3dvideo card/7200RMP HD/50XCD . I will try to return it to Amazon .
 Microsoft , in their `` infinite wisdom '' , has decided to warm over their FS98 version with this `` clunker '' . After gobbling up more than 1 gigabyte of hard drive to do a custom load they still want you to do a lot of CD swapping just to play the game . At least with FS98 , you can load it and play it off your hard drive . Iv ' e spent more time loading and , swapping cd 's than I have playing FS2000 . Nothing too `` whoopee '' about their so called improved graphics either . A few little `` frills '' here and , there . I 'm sure MS is proud of the fact that to start the game you have to verify each time by loading the CD 's , taking from 1 to 3 minutes . `` bummer '' .
 I give Flight Simulator 2000 one star because it works . It only crashes my system after I exit the game and try to play something else . I am outraged at the poor quality of the game . Realism ? Who ever heard of flying anything with the fuel pump turned off and instruments working with the Pitot Heat switch in off position ? Graphics detail ? Where is the Mississippi River ? I ca n't find it and it should be 3 miles from the main runway at St. Charles County Smartt Field . It 's trash and I am going to mutilate the CDs and ship the game box back to Bill Gates . I have my pride.Sierra Software pioneered the flight simulator and for many years was quite successful with it . It 's unbelievable that this product put Sierra out of the flight simulator business . Sierra 's Pro Pilot 98 is miles ahead of Flight Simulator 2000 . If you can find a copy of Pro Pilot 98 , Pro Pilot 99 or any flight simulator other than this one , buy it .
 nothin like the old one . . so much slower hard to countrol and even complicated ... its a waste of money !
 I 've just bought a new -LRB- admittedly somewhat not state-of-the-art computer -RRB- and installed FS2K and I 'm terribly disappointed!My new computer is an IBM!It 's a couple of years old -LRB- it 's an XT though ! -RRB- , but this new FS version locks up before I even get started!I do n't know what the hell to do.I love to fly.My new machine has a processor speed of 4.77 megahertz ! If the new FS wo n't run on this they should n't be selling it!Any advice would be appreciated.MikeSLaser147@Juno.com
 Two years ago I tried Flight Unlimited on an old power mac . It was soooo much better than MS Flight Simulator 2000 . I now have a P3 866 with 128DRAM , so this machine should work well with MS FLT SIM 2000 , but no such luck . The graphics are slow and choppy and generally pathetic . Even when I fooled around with the settings I could n't make the sim work as well as Flight Unlimited did on an old mac two years ago ! This is a prime example of bigger not being better . Bill Gates should try fast foot or dry cleaning and stop producing ugly software . Buy Flight Unlimited and wait for MS to learn how to fly . I 've been a licensed pilot for 18 years , and MS FS 2K is a real lead balloon .
 I don ' y know if you 've ever paid almost 60 dollars for something you and up hating . Flight Simulator for windows 95 IS BETTER THAN the 2000 version . You ca n't even run it on a slow machine or in many regualar computers
 The graphics performance of this game is very slow and pixelated without a 3D graphics accelerator . I do n't recommend playing the game without one .
 The packaging states minimum requirements P166 32MB RAM , however the game is unplayable on my system which is a P200 64MB RAM . The graphics remind me of games I played on my old half meg Amiga and the speed is slower than a snail feeling under the weather . Unless you have a fast computer -LRB- and I mean fast -RRB- DO NOT buy this game . Microsoft is cheating you seriously by stating such low requirements . DO NOT BUY .
 Got this and the Sidewinder II force feedback stick for Christmas . I could n't WAIT to play it , so I installed it on my mother-in-law 's NEW Celeron machine right a way ... BIG mistake ! The box grossly understates the requirements , but it says `` Pentium '' , and it MEANS `` Pentium '' ! Do n't even try on a fast -LRB- 500 MHz -RRB- Celeron . At home , I installed on a 400 MHz PII , 128 MB ram , and set the visuals to a compromise point , so I could at least get 15 frames/sec . I think they should have ditched some of the thousands of airstrips , and save the space for better terrain detail . Flying over flat , blocky , repeated aerial photos just is n't that exciting . Trying to please everyone in the world by putting in their local po-dunk airport has make the overall product suck . It is fun to fly out of your hometown once , but since there is a tremendous lack of detail , the novelty quickly fades.The 3D buildings have poor detail , and dynamic scenery , like clouds , are always `` popping '' up in your face as the machine frantically tries to keep up . This creates a huge lack of details in the distance , and an unrealistic feel . It is much easier to fly at night , because the shimmery , blocky ground graphics do not distract you . Flying VFR -LRB- visual -RRB- should be easier , but the detail is so poor , you ca n't tell one road from another.When you land , there is nowhere to really go , except up again . There is nothing to greet you at the airport terminal - not even traffic to avoid . If you can even find your way to the terminal , that is . Again , the ground detail makes it very difficult to see where you are going . The terminals are just static blocks . It would be fun to actually deliver your passengers to the gate , or something . It would be cool to have a `` passenger meter '' , showing the discomfort of your passengers when you pull some serious negative G 's in a 737 . Some screams and cheers in the background would be appropriate , and would give some sense of accountability when you barrel roll through the Grand Canyon!The force feedback to the SideWinder blows . It felt like I had a gator by the tail ! I have flown planes before , and they do NOT fight you the way this game/stick combo does . Turn the force off , because it spends all its time trying to force itself back to center , using the FS2000 settings.On the positive side , the flight models seem very accurate -LRB- if you do n't use the force feedback stick ! -RRB- . This simulator would be somewhat valuable for pilots practicing IFR , navigation , and approaches to specific airports . The sound is very good , but gets crackly when the visuals drain your system resources.When somebody builds a sim that I can look down and RECOGNIZE houses , streets , etc. , I 'll try this again . Otherwise , I 'd stick to games/sims that rely on action and strategy , rather than realism , for their fun factor .
 Although F/S 2000 has much improved graphics and sound , it is nowhere near as user-friendly as F/S 98 . The flight options are much harder to access and even with allot of disc space , the program crashes quite often . I have yet to complete a flight . I have uninstalled F/S 2000 . I will continue to use F/S 98 . I hope that Microsoft can work out the kinks in the program . It does seem like others have had these problems . If you are looking to purchase F/S 2000 be warned of these existing problems . It may be better to wait until M/S can modify the program , and rebates are offered .
 Two years ago I tried Flight Unlimited on an old power mac . It was soooo much better than MS Flight Simulator 2000 . I now have a P3 866 with 128DRAM , so this machine should work well with MS FLT SIM 2000 , but no such luck . The graphics are slow and choppy and generally pathetic . Even when I fooled around with the settings I could n't make the sim work as well as Flight Unlimited did on an old mac two years ago ! This is a prime example of bigger not being better . Buy Flight Unlimited and wait for MS to learn how to fly . I 've been a licensed pilot for 18 years , and MS FS 2K is a real lead ballon .
 I grew up playing the Tak games . The first was good , interesting story and puzzles . The second one was great , cool powers , great charecters and plot . I loved the spirit animal part , I think it was the first time I ever had the ability to change my character in a game . So that 's why I was dissatisfied with this game . The story is stupid , I hate being timed , and the way you get new powers is boring and repetitive . I wish they did something closer to the first two something that had the same humorous and wit the first and second had .
 I bought this game hoping my daughter could play it on our plane trip . I tred it out first to see how easy it would be for her . It does n't even work right . I own the DS and I only play the Brain games so it gets used a couple evenings a week . My DS is in great condition . This game was so difficult to play . The touch pad is nothing like I expected . You ca n't touch where you want to place an object . You instead have to move around using the arrow pad . Problem is that the game is set in a diagonal mode . So you ca n't simply make a straight path by clicking up or down . You have to zig zag back and forth to get your path straight . Then the touch part is quirky . I thought I was doing it wrong , but you have to touch the object a couple times before it selects it . Then I tried to place the water reed and it never let me . It showed green and yet no matter where I tried to put it , it would never actually place the reed . Again , I thought I was doing the wrong steps , but when I tried to place a tree in the zebra exhibit , it worked fine . So it was n't user error . In free mode you start with a few animals . Problem is that when I placed the zebra , the foliage that pleases the zebra is n't available yet . So they were unhappy . Never mind that you ca n't see anything because the screen is too small . Yeah , this game is going back for sure !
 When I first heard of this game , I was excited to have the chance to get a portable version of one of my favorite games on the PC . But the ds version just does n't cut it.For one thing , the use of the touch screen is awkward . The stylus is used to navigate through lists . I expected the touch screen to be a great way to interact in new ways , or at least to be used as the computer pointer was . Since the stylus is for lists , that leaves the d-pad for the map . You have to position the pointer precisely to do anything . Placing fences is annoying and very limited . All these problems could have been solved by switching the screens.For another thing , the animation is very bad for the ds . The zoom is limited and the terrain is choppy and ugly . Objects are badly colored . The appearence is just not as polished as it should be.Finally , there are some other small things that make this game flawed . Although I have n't had a problem with this -LRB- since I have n't played the game much -RRB- , you can only save one game at a time . There is no music , which is okay on some games but gives only half the experience . There are n't as many animals and objects , and getting awards and ribbons just seems easier , which actually does n't make getting them any more exciting.If you can get past these things , Zoo Tycoon DS is a fun game . It 's not good enough for the full price , so it 's a pretty good deal if you can find it cheap online .
 This may be a fun game . Unfortunately the game designers did not program any reset or restart feature into this title . So do not buy this game used because you will have to finish the previous owners game . Also , if you are a person who may want to restart the game if things are going badly do not buy this game . Very unfortunate ! I do n't know why any game would be designed without this feature .
 I thought this game would be cool , but you ca n't even tell what kind of animal it is ! If you absolutly love zoo tycoon , go ahead and buy it . If you do n't , then leave it on the shelf .
 I have the PC version of zoo tycoon and it is ALOT better than Nintendo DS version . The Nintendo DS version of Zoo tycoon has very poor grafics and the small screen is hard to work with because you can only see a small part of your zoo ! If you are going to get zoo tycoon get the PC version because the PC version is so much fun ! There are many fun games for Nintendo DS , Zoo Tycoon is not one of them !
 This game was boring and difficult to understand for me as an adult . . I could only imagine how hard it is for younger children . I do n't recommend unless your looking for something at a slow pace .
 Zoo Tycoon DS is a fun portable version of the tycoon series . I enjoyed discovering the secrets such as selling offspring to make more cash than admissions revenues every month ! After playing the addicting scenarios I moved on to the freeform games where the user is given a large map and 100,000 in cash.My park had 8 cages with the animals that breed frequently
 I love Zoo Tycoon for PC and was excited to get this game for DS.I was so disappointed with it and wished I could return it!The graphics are terrible , the controls are difficult to use.I wish I had read some of these reviews before I bought it or I would not have gotten it , I thought it was like the PC version . Now I want to sell it and get the Zoo Tycoon 2 Complete Collection for my PC . Anyone want to buy it ?????
 I AM WRITING THIS REVIEW BECAUSE YOU ASK FOR IT . . I ORDERED THIS GAME FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTERS 8TH BIRTHDAY AND SHE NEVER RECEIVED IT WHEN I NOTIFIED THE COMPANY THEY SAID THE UPS GUY GAVE IT TO A MAN AT THE HOUSE AND IT WAS NO LONGER THEIR PROBLEM . . I PAID EXTRA TO HAVE IT DELIVERED IN TIME FOR HER BIRTHDAY SO HOW I RATE THIS COMPANY IS AWFUL AND I WILL NVER ORDER ANYTHING THAT COMES FROM THEM AGIAN . . THANK YOU PHYLLIS FEELEMYER
 I bought this game used for thirteen dollars , and I wish I did n't . This is a lot like the computer version , but not quite . I like the computer version but this was hard on the small screens . You ca n't see the people or animals very well , which kind of stinks . Also , the controls are just plain stupid , I would have NEVER been able to figure out how to use them if I did n't watch the tutorial . I honestly HATE the controls . I have had this game for about a month and have played about an hour and a half , most of that was tutorial time . I would not reccomend this game , I would n't even pay more than $ 5 dollars for it .
 If you are looking for a fun game where you get to build your own zoo , do n't get your hopes up . It is more about straining your eyes to see little tiny fences then designing a zoo , let alone interacting with the animals ... . It utilizes none of the potential that the DS has as a platform . It is hard to control , and very easily boring . I am normally very tolerant of bad graphics , but this game is beyond bad . You can see the pixels , and even the colors scheme is annoying . This was a very frustrating game ... I would not recommend it to anyone ...
 I got this game for my DS , and I played it about 3 times.This game was n't much fun for me.The graphics were n't great.It only had one thing to do.It was confusing.It got extremely boring , extremely quickly.Once you build a zoo , you have done everything this game has to offer.I would n't reccomend it .
 I bought this game for my 6 yo DD . I tried it out first and had a hard time remembering everything once the tutorial was over . I am not even 40 and have great eyes , but I could HARDLY read the words on the upper screen ... way too small!We are trading for something else . -LRB- P.S. . We are not huge gamers and are new to the DS system -RRB- .
 I actually liked this version better than the PC game . To me it was easier to understand and the controls are really good , I just could n't get into the PC game . The biggest problem is the no saving more than one game at a time.Even tho this is a fun game the reason I gave it two stars overall is because I can never finish a game . I get the highest rating for my zoo , I have plenty of money , I have no more than 7 or 8 exhibits , and then it wo n't let me buy anymore , not even a trashcan . This is extremely frustrating . This happens every time I start a new game . I have friends who own this game and they do n't have this particulat problem , but they have other glitches . This game should have had better testing before it was released . I really hope they fix the glitches and release a second one .
 This game is crap . I bought it after reading the wild praise lavished on it from all corners , and after weeks of playing it I decided that it 's a vastly overrated waste of time . I even bought a strategy guide to understand what was behind it , but it left me with the impression that this game has very little depth to it.People call this a strategy game . There 's no strategy involved at all . It 's simply a race to see who can amass the most technically advanced army first . Any tactics to reach that goal are very simplistic attempts to kill off enemy gold miners and lumberjacks . And defence involves erecting walls around your town , or if you can bear the ingeniousness of it , by putting guard towers around your gold mines . All games play very much the same :1 -RRB- Put your villagers to work chopping wood and collecting berries2 -RRB- Once you reach the next age , build farms and make some soldiers . If you want to pretend there 's skill involved , harrass the enemy villagers . Build some defensive walls.Continue making soldiers archers , and cavalry , and upgrade them . If you have allies research cartography and save yourslef a world of hassle .3 -RRB- Reach Castle Age and build a castle , with the ultimate goal of making some trebuchets in the next age . Slowly expand from your initial starting point by building some forward buildings , Keep hararssing enemy villagers if you want .4 -RRB- Once you reach the Imperial Age build trebuchets and troops to protect them . By this time you can afford almost all the upgrades available . The first person to achieve this situation has all but won the game . The trebuchets outrange almost anything and you can thus attack any building with relative impunity provided the trebuchets have enough guardians . For such a powerful weapon they 're vastly underpriced . Slowly pick off each enemy this way . Periodically check to see if your defence is okay . Apparently you can win by building a wonder or holding relics for 200 years , but it 's far easier to achieve victory through miltary conquest , so these options are practically useless.That 's basically it . Come on , strategy ? The most strategy I ever used was to build gates at river crossings , keeping the enemy out but allowing my units free access . That does n't make me a military genius . What about morale , flanking bonuses , entrenchment bonuses , road travel bonuses ? Cliff tops offer defence bonuses but relocating there is n't worth the time lost . Diplomacy is a farce . For 500 of each resource an AI opponent will join you . He 'll be your bestest buddy if you feed him a 100 of whatever resource when he periodiclaly requests it . The you can happily build a castle and station troops in his territory , and when you feel like breaking the alliance , your troops act like Trojan horse and run riot in his town.And it 's abstracted almost to the point of silliness . A `` year '' goes by in 2 seconds . A farmer going from his field to the town center takes more than that . So over a year to walk from a farm to the town center . Units miraculously change into upgraded units in the blink of an eye . And a group of villagers can actually destroy a stone guard tower.I thought the point of towers was to be defensive?People often praise the rock-paper-scissors attributes of the units , but it only makes getting anywhere in this game frustrating . The most neophyte of gamers could build an army of pikemen to wipe out your army of knights , by taking advantage of the anti cavalry bonus of pikemen Does that make him a genius ? The only solution is to build a balanced army . Thus all armies of all players wil tend to be very similar . Only the player with the biggest and best army will win the game.And it 's got ONE zoom level , and it 's too close in . You ca n't figure out the `` bigger picture '' with one zoom level . Just as you 're concentrating on your assault on the enemy town center , the enemy could be doing the same to you just off screen and you 'd never even notice . There are alaam bells but you rapidly get overloaded with audio signals and they become meaningless.Apparently it 's better multi player , but if you want to put up with stuck up poseurs who continually denigrate people with `` noob '' jibes in all seriousness , be my guest.The most commendable thing about this game is the manaual which is attractively presented and well written . I wish all manuals could be like that . And I could mention that it 's actually quite fun for a few days before the awful truth dawns on you.As for the `` commendable '' historical aspect , it just means that you ca n't use more tactically useful air units , pyschics or magic spells . The historical aspect only prohibits any strategy forming.Don ' t be fooled by the hype . Age Of Empires 2 is a shallow RTS that rapidly becomes formualaic . If you want an historical RTS with depth go for Sid Meier 's Gettysburg , Caesar 3 or Medieval Total War , not on this rubbish .
 OK , OK , I should not rate this with one star but I have to equilibrate other reviews.Prettier Graphics than its predecesor , more sound , but gameplay just the same thing , terrible disappointement.Quantity of Units and technologies to research just the same , same unfair gameplay againts computer , same way of getting resources . Certanly a most buy if you dont have Age 1 already or if you desesperatly want to improve graphics a bit.Not a big deal if you have Age 1 .
 The first Age of Empires was great . The second one just plain sucked . Sure it has good graphics and an easy to use interface , but the game would always crash both of my computers . You can only play in 800x600 or above which is a downside also . My computers are not old either , one is a 300p-2 160megs ram 17 inch monitor , voodoo3 etc. . The other is a 450 amd k6-2 96 megs ram , Ati graphics , 15 inch monitor . I just wanted to put this warning out to those who will be purchasing it . It may work fine for you , but I had problems . It sure is not addictive as the first AOE . Buggy software ! Blahh ! I am not anti Microsoft by the way .
 An extremely addictive game with lots of customization settings and an interesting way to take the RTS format and do something different with it.Then why did I give it only One star?Because Microsoft forgot you can only go so far when it comes to false advertising.The game claims to span over a thousand years , when really all it is is a Warcraft rip-off with history instead of fantasy . In trying to combine these two elements together , -LRB- history and fantasy/RTS -RRB- Microsoft has created an abomination of a game likely to dissapoint real-life historians everywhere . Instead of a 1000 years , it spans over twelve minutes with the click of a button bringing you up 250 years . What kind of history simulation is that ?! Also , there 's nothing less realistic than seeing a single peasant building the Great Wall of China in about 10 minutes . This is because of all those Warcraft elements of `` Real-Time Fantasy '' . If I want an RTS game , I 'll go play Warcraft because at least that has Orcs , instead of 13 different races which look exactly alike -LRB- except for the buildings -RRB- . So the way I see it , if you want an RTS game , go buy Warcraft . If you want a simulation game , go buy Civilization . If you want both , do not buy Age of Empires because it destroys and embarrasses the simulation aspect , and all you 're left with is a complex foolishly made RTS .
 For a long time AOE -LRB- the original -RRB- was my favorite game . I would play it for hours on end and all my friends would have intense multiplayer games . I could n't wait for the sequal to come out . When it finally did , I bought it as soon as I could.I was impressed by the graphics , which were better than the original 's . However , besides from the better graphics , it seemed like the same game.There are no cool units in the game . The buildings and units are basically the exact same as those in AOE , -LRB- only with the buildings larger and the units smaller -RRB- . Another problem is that the civilazations are not balanced . Whenever I play multiplayer games with my friends -LRB- which is rare , because nobody likes this game -RRB- everybody wants to be one of the two civilizations with cannons because no other civilization can compete with them.I ca n't pinpoint exactly what I do n't like about the game , but there definatly is something . For months I could play AOE for hours each day . I was bored of this game after a week .
 This is just like Starcraft except it 's not nearly as good ... if you like Starcraft this is a big dissapointment compared to it .
 The product was okay but it did not work on Windowa Vista
 At first the game was great I had lots of fun . But then , the computer players in every game I played started to surender . I put it on the hardest level and was the weakest civilization possible , and they still surendered.It takes about two minutes , by that time im still in the feudal age . Now I do n't play the game anymore .
 The problem with this game is that there is no room for artistry . You put up the same buildings , usually in the same order , and it does n't much matter where . Games like `` Civilization '' have wonderful movies -LRB- showing , say , the blasting of a Titan rocket or the building of the pyramids -RRB- and require a great deal of strategy . Games like `` Caesar III '' allow you to feel as if you are actually presiding over a Roman City . Indeed , as you build your city , you have to balance every aspect of Roman life , from water resources to the worshipping of Gods . However , Age of Kings enjoys none of these dimensions . I have found that the one-player version -LRB- that I play -RRB- is simply more frustrating than fun . The messages from other kingdoms flash too quickly on the screen , the demands are outrageous , and then you get invaded by all three other kingdoms at once . And , unlike Caesar III , the stockpiling of resources in Age of Kings is simply dull .
 The problem with this game is that there is no room for artistry . You put up the same buildings , usually in the same order , and it does n't much matter where . Games like `` Civilization '' have wonderful movies -LRB- showing , say , the blasting of a Titan rocket or the building of the pyramids -RRB- and require a great deal of strategy . Games like `` Caesar III '' allow you to feel as if you are actually presiding over a Roman City . Indeed , as you build your city , you have to balance every aspect of Roman life , from water resources to the worshipping of Gods . However , Age of Kings enjoys none of these dimensions . I have found that the one-player version -LRB- that I play -RRB- is simply more frustrating than fun . The messages from other kingdoms flash too quickly on the screen , the demands are outrageous , and then you get invaded by all three other kingdoms at once . And , unlike Caesar III , the stockpiling of resources in Age of Kings is simply dull .
 I do n't hyave this game . Then how could I write a review for it ? Because my younger has this game and he plays it quite a lot . The pros ? buildings look pretty good and ummmmmm oh yah there are a lot of units . The cons ? Big one . It seems that that this game was a rushed attempt by microsoft . The game seems to be lacking so many things . Also resource gathering tkes a realy long time . This is a really bad thing since the only way to win in this game is to throw lots of units at your enemy . You harvest 4 recources . It takes a REALLY LONG TIME to get enough of any of the 4 recources . Also it seems like you have to constantly have to replant your farms . The game involves little or no strategy . This might have something to do with fact that all the 13 races are almost identical . Each race has the same buildings , technologies to research , units , and tactics . Upgrading gets repetitive and boring . The graphics for the terrain are terrible . There is a unit limit wich is annoyingly low . Also age of empires has some of the most boring batles in any RTS game . You spend more time on getting resources than attacking . The sound effects are horrible and the game has NO music . Also there are no air units . Except for trees the terrain is not deformable . It comes with tons of useless game modes . If I couold give it -2 stars I would have . This is a game for little kids . There is so much micromaneging in everything . The naval units are pathetic.In conclusion every element of gameplay you can imagine sound , graphics amount of strategy etc. is terrible . This is a rushed atempt by microsoft to compete with the best games such as dark Reign and Red Alert 2 . I think that this is a disgrace to strategy games . This is the most BORING AND PATHETIC STRATEGY GAME I have ever played .
 If I could give this less than 1 star , I would ! When I started playing this game I thought this is awesome , then I saw the truth . The cities that you create are all the same , housing for the servants , military buildings , your wonder , university and blacksmith , all so simular to the enemy . They own all the same buildings and the people act as stupid as ants . When you attack a town , they just continue their work . The enemy 's towns even look simular to all the other towns . The whole empire you build is based on war , and nothing else . You send your villagers to mine , and collect wood to fuel the war machine . They could have included many more ideals of the other Simulation games , like SimCity . Far too much about invading and killing the armies that are limited to 40-50 soldiers/seige warfare . When you can build up to 200 troops if you will and nothing can stop you from totally overrunning their cities , with an ensured victory . The limit is 200 in your population , and it should be 500 at least . 200 is not hardly enough ! Plus , Always daylight , no season changes , the oak trees are green as if they are conifers . As well all the enemies are friends , NEVER do they attack each other ! That is so stupid ! It 's all made against you . Everything is limited , so all their is , is war . Same neighbors that throw at most 15 troops in line at you . The buildings are all the same , no non-war related buildings , no museums , no stadiums , no civilians that are n't doing anything but slavery for the war machine.Pros : - Passes timeCons : - If you do n't have a pacifer in your mouth this game is n't for you.-If you are n't robo-tripping this is n't the game for you .
 This game has to be one of the most overrated ones in recent history . The graphics are simple , 2D , and not very detailed . The least Ensemble could have done is add visual effects , such as weather , to make the game realistic . The civilazations give you close to no variety except for one unique unit which does n't make a big difference and some special abilities that do n't make a difference either . There is also too much micromanaging that you must do to suceed which gets boring after about ten minutes . I played this game for about three days and stopped because it just got frustrating . With four different resoures the game can get very time-consuming and complicated . Add that to wimpy weapons and a lack of strategic elements and you have one pointless game that takes up a ton of unesscesary time . Go buy Tiberian Sun instead .
 yes I gave it one star . You probably want to know WHY I gave it one star . Their are many reasons :1 . useless game modes . Their is one game mode where all you have to do is surrvive for half an hour and then you win . How pointless !!!! 2 . In most RTS games each side is very different from the other and therefore has differnt tactics . In AOE 2 this is not true . I mean the sides are almost identical . Microsoft tried to impress us by claiming `` 13 UNIQUE sides . `` 3 . lack of unit variety4 . graphis - the terrain looks terrible -LRB- cliffs trees ground and water . -RRB- 5 . units-the physics in this `` RTS '' is terrible . I mean a catapult moves on its own as if it is powered by a gass engine . Yeah right . Some of the units are just about the same darn thing -LRB- turtle ship and elite turtle ship -RRB- 6.resources-it is practicaly impossible to maintain a steady flow of money in this game .7 . campaign - it is really boring . Some of the names sound so stupid -LRB- william wallace learning campaign -RRB- ThE ONLY WAY TO WIN IN gameis to send lots of units at your enemy .8 . more gameplay-terrain has absolutely no effect on the battles . Building an impressive strong civiliATION CAN TAKE HOURS . The ai for the enemy is horrible . With the exception of trees the terrain is not deformable . Units and gameplay is horrible balanced . Also no air units . Low unit limit -LRB- 200 . -RRB- When your little soldiers hit buildings with their swords the building goes on fire . Why is that ? Do n't expect a challenge in the skirmish games . None of this has to do with my system . I have a 1.3 gigahertz processor with a 32 megabyte video card . The battles , even the larger ones , look pathetic . Terrible lighting effects and no weather . Their is no in-game music . Too much micro anaging in everything . In terms of game play this game looked like it was rushed . Microsoft just does not make good RTS ` sI think there 's more that I could list but I ' v said enough . Lots of other people say that this game is stunning or tthe best . This game is n't as bad as starcraft but it is still really bad and is really boring . What game should you buy ? Try C&C ; Renegade or Dark Reign 2 . In Dark Reign 2 u can see tracks made by vehicles no such thingg like this in AOE 2 .
 This game totally s **** , when I bought it I thought It will be better.When I installed and started to play it , then I have found out thatthe buildings are so sick and big that you cant see your guys ! There is not a lot of civiliazation 's for this game only 13 , I mean for Poland they put Goths that live somewhere in the Balkans ! That is so messed up ! Dont buy this game , it is totally messed up you will only loose your money . Another thing is that its impossible to beat all the scenerios on even medium ! Thats insane ! This game is too complicated and hard , and you always dont have enough of food ! Please people dont buy this game . I would rate this a big zero ...
 I bought this game because I really like the first one . This one does n't compare . The maps are darker , the movement stilted and clumsy . There are some good additions to game play , but the scenes and population are inferior IN USE , if not to the eye . I was really disappointed .
 I bought Age of Empires II because of the glowing reviews in PC Games magazine , and right here on Amazon . I was tremendously excited ; I loved the Warcraft series , and so this seemed like a perfect game for me . Sadly , I was wrong.The game so closely resembles Warcraft , it ought to pay licensing fees to it . This is not necessarily a bad thing , especially since the graphics are markedly better . They are breathtaking , in fact ; I spent the first few minutes of game playing just marveling at them . I also was impressed with the tutorial mission , which teaches you the basics of game play . It did an excellent job of showing the ropes to impatient people like me who hate to read manuals -LRB- although I did , later , and was impressed by its comprehensiveness -RRB- . Then the problems began . I played the first real campaign , Joan of Arc , and was hopelessly board . The first two missions in the campaign were mind-numbingly dull
 This game seemed rushed . I could n't figure why the producers would put it out so soon if they were n't finished with it . However , the graphics are good .
 Liked the first version , has some good educational elements for my son , a 2nd grader . The concept of technological advances being important for the acension of one society over others . And he has to learn the key technologies in order for his armies to be triumphant . He gets it here , where as Russ Meyer 's Civilization is too complex for him at his age . My son has played the version II game and loves it , but Microsoft has n't brought it out for the MAC . Too bad . Otherwise I would rate it a 4 star for children and young adults .
 If you are looking for a good buy you have come to the wrong place . The graphics is the only advantage to the really bad game . Microsoft should be ashamed . the buildings were too big , the game ran too slowly and the CD is made of really bad material . it isnt worth its money
 build build build build build build build . fight . build build build build build build build . lose . that 's about it for the Age of Kings from Microsoft . MS just ca n't get it right with games .
 Microsoft is the worst operating system ever . MACINTOSH is more efficent ! Do n't buy this product ! It keeps saying Direct X error . It wo n't ever run ! I would stick with Warcraft , not Ages of Empiers II . My advice would be to buy Warcraft III , when it comes out !
 Here 's a list of facts about the game .1 . very low polygon count .2 . horrible driving .3 . pedestrians run away from you when you go towards them , run into a wall -LRB- or eachother -RRB- and then fall down and die because of it .4 . very bad voice acting and plot .5 . trying to be GTA in every manner as far as driving , shooting , missions , perspective , item collection , but worse in all .6 . trying to use bullet time from max payne , not so effective .7 . some good spanish rap music .
 The Pro version promised enhanced scenery for my hometown , Boston . That scenery 's there but not very good . No Beacon or Bunker Hills , for example ; the State House and the Bunker Hill monument , when you fly low enough to find them , just sit on flat terrain . Pluses
 I agree that this is a great sim as far as graphic detail and features go , but if you do not have an EXTREMELY FAST machine with LOTS OF RAM , and a GREAT VIDEO CARD , you are in for a disappointment . I tried all of the tips and techniques for squeezing extra juice out my computer , but it was still a very slow jerky , frame rate . It also takes a VERY long time to install . I am running a PII333 , with 96MB RAM , and a VOODOO 3 video card . I ended up removing it from my machine and reinstalling FS98 , which runs fantastic on my machine . I think Microsoft could do a better job of tuning this thing up so it will run better on less powerful machines . It is not that much better than FS98 unless you use maximum scenery complexity , etc. . I even tried to use FS2000 on Sparse everything , but it was still very slow . At the least Microsoft should put the real requirements on the box . I would n't have bought it if the box had said it required as much power to run smoothly . Hope this helps someone from making a mistake . I am keeping it until I get that monster machine sometime in the not too distant future .
 I 've played almost every flight sim available today , and some that are so old that they have n't been available in years . I have hoped and waited for Microsoft to release a Flight Simulator program that not only gets the flight dynamics of a real plane correct , but also gets the graphics up to par with some of the other less realistic simulators -LRB- combat sims mostly -RRB- . Flight Simulator 2000 disappoints again . I am running a very high end system with a very powerful video card and the graphics on this game still are bad . When you look out of the sides of the airplane -LRB- left , right , back , etc -RRB- the program requires ` loading time ' in order to render the cockpit art . Totally unacceptable in my book . No amount of settings adjusting could correct this on my computer.If the largest software company in the world is going to release a program , and charge 50 bucks a pop for it , I think that the graphics should not only be adequate but should absolutely kick some behind ! Flight Simulator is a serious disappointment in that department.The dynamics are interesting . I guess if all you want to do is look straight ahead and instrument fly you are in luck here because the dynamics seem to be fairly realistic . The adjustable difficulty settings are nice and the variety of airports to take off and land on are a nice feature as well -LRB- though there is n't much difference between runways as far as particular problems in approach are concerned , because the MS flight sim world is COMPLETELY FLAT -RRB- . Poor showing Microsoft . Hire some coders who can make the artwork something other than ameturish and you may just have something . Look to some of your competitors work for an example , or take a ride in a real plane and make an attempt to recreate not only the way it handles , but how the world really looks and what it is like to turn your head around in a cockpit . I guarantee it is nothing like FS 2000 .
 As with most of us , I have used Microsoft software for years . Some of which I liked and some I did n't . This flight simulator is about the worst product I have seen . Definately the worst I have seen from Microsoft . If Microsoft continues to ship `` garbage '' such as this , there will be no need for the Justice Department to break them up as there will be no Microsoft to break up .
 Inherent to mainstream parasitic businesses/companies -LRB- e.g. , Microsoft -RRB- is the greed for super-profits . They usually over-hype their products through parasitic individuals and advertisers . And this product is one of the examples of that greed , FLAWED !
 Inherent to mainstream businesses/companies is the greed for super-profits , and be parasitic . That means , over-hyping , hire parasitic indiduals and advertisers to endorse their products , just like this FS2000 ! This is what happens when you have a system ran by money and only serves/benefits the few -LRB- big businesses/companies -RRB- .
 I 've played almost every flight sim available today , and some that are so old that they have n't been available in years . I have hoped and waited for Microsoft to release a Flight Simulator program that not only gets the flight dynamics of a real plane correct , but also gets the graphics up to par with some of the other less realistic simulators -LRB- combat sims mostly -RRB- . Flight Simulator 2000 disappoints again . I am running a very high end system with a very powerful video card and the graphics on this game still are bad . When you look out of the sides of the airplane -LRB- left , right , back , etc -RRB- the program requires ` loading time ' in order to render the cockpit art . Totally unacceptable in my book . No amount of settings adjusting could correct this on my computer.If the largest software company in the world is going to release a program , and charge 50 bucks a pop for it , I think that the graphics should not only be adequate but should absolutely kick some behind ! Flight Simulator is a serious disappointment in that department.The dynamics are interesting . I guess if all you want to do is look straight ahead and instrument fly you are in luck here because the dynamics seem to be fairly realistic . The adjustable difficulty settings are nice and the variety of airports to take off and land on are a nice feature as well -LRB- though there is n't much difference between runways as far as particular problems in approach are concerned , because the MS flight sim world is COMPLETELY FLAT -RRB- . Poor showing Microsoft . Hire some coders who can make the artwork something other than ameturish and you may just have something . Look to some of your competitors work for an example , or take a ride in a real plane and make an attempt to recreate not only the way it handles , but how the world really looks and what it is like to turn your head around in a cockpit . I guarantee it is nothing like FS 2000 .
 As a seasoned veteran of Flight Simulator 98 and a licensed FAA rated commercial pilot , I am no stranger to Microsoft flight simulations.Initially when I loaded FS2000Pro I was very excited due mostly to the hype surrounding this product ... This of course was short lived.I am currently running a AMD-K62 400Mhz CPU , 128Mb RAM and an ATI Expert 2000 32Mb video card.If I turn the overall display quality down to 1 -LRB- the lowest setting -RRB- , I get marginally acceptable framerates at 800X600 . -LRB- 800X600 is the lowest you can go and still have clear , readable rendering of your cockpit intrumentation -RRB- Even Microsoft 's recomended system requirements are not enough to run this simulation , much less the minimal requirements of a Pendium 166Mhz ! I can now see myself returning to FS98 if not totally abandoning the MS platform all together . -LRB- I am currently looking into X-Plane which operates on an OpenGL platform -RRB- On a more positive note , my two stars are given for the great job in the graphics detail . It would be nice to enjoy them in their full glory -LRB- as soon as I spend $ 500.00 + in system upgrades -RRB- . In the end the number one quality that will impress real pilots and home users in a flight simulation is INTEGRITY . `` Are you listening Microsoft ? ''
 On the back of the box , Microsoft says it needs a Pentium 166 with 500mb free disk space and a quad speed CD rom drive . I have a pretty good system
 I was about to purchase FS98 when I heard about FS2k and waited for the `` as real as it gets '' edition . I am so disappointed in FS2K that I returned it to the store and bought FS98 . Do n't get me wrong , the graphics , planes , etc on FS2K are out of this world , but you need a system capable of running the Space Shuttle to run the thing . My system meets all requirments for FS2K , but what I have is a slide show , not a sim . For the average amatuer user , its not worth the extra money to upgrade your system for a flight sim . Chances are you 'll be disappointed .
 I had both FS98 and FS2K on my P-333 128M RAM , and I 'm running FS98 right now because FS2K is just too slow . Actually , FS2K was deleted from my machine since it takes over 1G of space with typical installation . You 'll need a really expensive machine to get this thing flying .
 `` De plane ! De plane ! It 's stuttering ! De plane ! '' First of let me say that you need a computer the size of the Empire state building to run this game . I got a PIII 800 with a GeForce 256 card and a 256 memory and this game tore it to shreds in a matter of minutes . This made me think again about upgrading my system . As long as you fly straight it 's ok ; that is if you want to fly to the North pole or the South pole everytime you boot up this game . But once you turn the aircraft , you 'll experience graphics turbulence . You 'll feel your computer shudder and shake as it battles it 's way to redraw the scenery . You 'll see your frames slow down really bad . Lower the graphics settings ? Try it and you 'll just make this game laugh in your face . Download the patch ? Yes , I did and it was still stuttering . You can make every upgrade you want on your computer but if the game is the problem then it 's a lost cause . If you 're thinking about picking up this game , make sure you have a powerful computer that runs on nuclear energy . Like most other Microsoft Flight Sims , this one is geared more towards the gamer side and not so much on the real simulator enthusiasts . The planes are just too easy to fly . You could ask your kid brother to do the take-off procedure . Realism is not that all real as the game boasts itself to be . The game does have its own pluses though like a huge database of airports , downloadable Jeppesen weather reports , and of course there 's a lot of third party support on this . If you 're a gamer who wants to try flight sims then pick this game up . If you 're a simulator , then pick up something else like Fly 2K ! -LRB- very realistic -RRB- or Aerowinx 744 -LRB- very very realistic -RRB- .
 This may be a great product but Microsoft marketing was inaccurate about it working on a PC as low as a Pentium 166 . While FS98 works on `` older '' PCs , FS2000 needs CPU power and lots of it , probably at least a Pentium II 400 . See Microsoft 's own FlightSim message board on how angry deceived purchasers are . So be sure you have a more powerful PC to make this work efficiently . Thanks to MS 's 30-day back guarantee -LRB- on the box -RRB- I was able to return it .
 A year and a half ago I bought a Compaq 450mhz , PII with 128mb sdram and a 4mb Rage Lt Pro board -LRB- which at the time was like flying at Mach 2 -RRB- . The first title I picked up was Flight Sim 98 , and Combat Flight Sim , after experiencing the brilliant graphics of the later , 98 was a visual disappointment , so I took it back . When Flight Sim 2000 came out I thought , `` now we 're cooking with gas ! '' read the requirements on the box which assured me I could easily run it , loaded it and ... and ... turns out our family slide shows were more exciting , 166mhz , HA ! The graphics were amazing , even with a 4mb video board but the only time I could get a high frame rate -LRB- over 20 per second -RRB- was when I was flying straight up into the clear blue sky . Needless to say it quickly found its way back into the box . Recently I upgraded to an ATI 128 , 32mb board , everything came to life ! My jaw dropped when I saw the stunning images of Midtown Madness , Indiana Jones ; Infernal Machine , Need for Speed High Stakes , I could read every sign , and see every crack in the pavement . Even when I 've got the screen resolution set to the max and am running at 32 bit colour the performance is flawless ! So ... I thought I would give 2000 another shot , I picked up a copy of the Professional version this time , thinking lets go for it , took it home , loaded it , and ... and ... SLIDE SHOW ! -LRB- about 14-18 fps , if all the planets are in alignment -RRB- . Even when I 'm just sitting on the runway at a very low screen setting and 16 bit colour it runs at about 14 fps , and my system is running nothing in the background , ouch ! There are moments when you 're landing at O'Hare and the runway lights are flashing and you feel the rush of trying to get your 777 through a severe thunderstorm and on the ground in one piece , but most of the time you just sit scratching your head wondering why Microsoft would produce such a flawed product . When they designed it , they surely knew you 'd need to have the Godzilla of all machines to run it -LRB- smoothly -RRB- , and PIII 800mhz machines were still something right out of science fiction . It really begs the question , why ca n't somebody build a great looking Flight Sim , that runs like WWII Fighters or Combat Flight Sim in a commercial aircraft version , one that runs like a Corvette C5 rather than a Yugo . Bottom line , I love the flight models , controls and the rush of slipping into the cockpit of some great commercial airliners but -LRB- and this is a big but -RRB- it 's hardly worth the hefty price of admission , unless you 're a fan of still aerial photography .
 Frame rate & stuttering is very annoying.Don ' t buy this product without Microsoft solves these big problems ! . Wait for MS FS 2002 .
 i wish i knew how these people with 266 machines are getting this hog to run well ... i have a 300 with all the bells and whistles and FS2000 does n't even get off the ground . the frame rate is a freakin ' slide show . it takes minutes at a time to load or change scenarios . putting a 166 as the minimum requirement is blatant false advertising . but i 'm sure it 's a great sim . someday i 'll buy a 500 and check it out.until then i 'll be satisfied with 98 and some of the excellent add ons available for it , or pro pilot 99 which has better atc than either game ...
 I bought this product so that I would have a backup battery and charger for an upcoming trip that includes several very long plane rides . I 'm glad that I started looking for this early since this product absolutely wo n't help at all.The cord that comes with the cradle does not plug into the wall - or anything other than the cradle , that I can determine . Both ends of the cord have the same attachment on them - and I ca n't find any way for that attachment to plug into a power source ... I even tried plugging the charging cord that came with the DS into it , but no go ...
 This is an RF adapter for your Gamecube . Yes . You may think wow a way to hook my GameCube up to my TV . However , an RF connection is the most ancient way on the planet to connect a game console to a TV ! It was around with Nintendo 's first system ! It crams all the picture and sound together and results in a less clear picture and mono sound . Any TV that was purchased in the last 10 years or so should have a better available connection , Like A/V composite . -LRB- That 's the Red and white jack for stero sound and yellow jack for video -RRB- Or even better , S-video -LRB- The big connector -RRB- with better picture seperation . However , the very BEST connection is component . It seperates all of the reds blues and greens and uses the white and red jacks for stereo sound . If you want to take advantage of Game Cubes progressive scan HD-TV 1080i capabilities on your HD-ready set , you should get the component connection cords that should be availble at the sytems launch .
 It 's the same as a N64 so if you have a N64 and it has a RF swich there is no need for this item
 This adaptor has been around since the days of the Atari 2600 , and has n't really changed much since then.Of course if you need to use it , you need to use it . A piece of advice though , the N64 uses exactly the same connection , so if you have one for the N64 , or need one for N64 , buy just one , and seeing as how the N64 adaptor typically costs more -LRB- maybe it 's the nifty box it comes in -RRB- , buy the GameCube adaptor and save yourself some cash .
 Great if u have an old tv that doesnt have the red , white and yellow input , but if u can use the red , white and yellow imputs or even better S-video or composite use those.the box itself is high qulity though ...
 So far I have not been able to get this game to work properly . I understand that it 's a used game , I have purchased used games from Amazon before so I was rather disappointed that this one is n't working .
 I regret the day I bought this game for my teenager . It is n't reality , it is n't even three times removed from reality . Make your teenager go outside or read a book or do chores or get a hobby . Turn the computer off , it 's only wasting his life .
 I am an avid player of quite a few online games -LRB- Ultima Online , EQ , Diablo , etc. . . -RRB- and I must say that I find M$ 's entry into the market quite lame . Yes , it 's a huge world . Yes , it 's got pretty graphics -LRB- Hence the 2nd rating star -RRB- . Yes , it 's got `` Make money from addict RPG ` rs . '' written all over it . But truth be told , the game has zero content and depth . Games like EQ and UO give you a feeling of things moving and changing around you as well as a sense that your actions also make a difference . Asheron 's Call , on the other hand , gives you the feeling of playing in an upscale version of Redneck Rampage -LRB- no disrespect meant to that game which is enjoyable in it 's own right -RRB- . For a game that tout 's a 3-D immersive enviroment , they should at least let you immerse yourself in the local lake . Unless of course you like feeling akin to a minor deity and run across it while outrunning some local nasty . Suffice it to say , M$ had a chance of introducing a great , mind-blowing online world to the hungry RPG market , but instead gave us a poor rehash of what is already available with the addition of a bit more graphic eye-candy . Save your money for Diablo II .
 Asherons Call is a terrible game.The game play is to easy and , all the servers are what some people called `` Tweaked '' . Which means the whole point of the game can basically be given to you by someone else.It get VERY VERY boring after your free month maybe thats why it is FREE !!! I do not encourge buying this game ... It is very time consuming and you will be glad to turn it off after your first month .
 AC is addictive and a blast to play , but the constant server outages , technical problems and bugs that are introduced with each update , and the lag really hampers my enthusiasm . You would think with all the years the game has been in development , and the beta testing process , they would 've been able to sort the problems out . I wish Turbine and MS would concentrate on fixing the problems with the game instead of new content every month .
 Even though this game has a HUGE map , great graphics , and everything you need to make the perfect RPG , it still stinks . I know this may sound crazy but it really isint . The main problem is combat . You select where you want to attack -LRB- high , medium , or low -RRB- and the computer does the rest . Also you have to pay 10.00 a month to play it . There are many other reasons why this game is absolutely no fun to play but trust me it is no fun at all . Remember , great graphics does not make a game , gameplay does .
 While the game is enjoyable as an adult ... it has one serious problem for anyone easily offended or thinking about buying it for their kids . Microsoft -LRB- who controls policy for game play -RRB- will not take any action on anything said via a private message to you from any player . It may be death treaths , it may be racist hate speech , it may simply be harrassing messages of a violent sexual nature . `` Nothing '' will be done to players sending these messages ... it is their policy that anything sent via private messages is just that ... private . That being the case , I highly recommend choosing another game if you are easily offended or plan on letting your children watch and/or play . The game is advertised as for ages 13 + , however ... due to the violent and graphic in nature messages you will recieve , the true age group is likely 21 + . I enjoy playing , but have quickly filled up my allowable list of players I can `` squelch '' so I wo n't have to listen to the profanity , threats , and general harrassment .
 i played Ultima Online for 2 years ... and now have played Everquest for 2 years ... i played this game for 2 months and went back to EQ ... this is just junk compared to the other 2 ... even old UO
 I do n't understand why you have to pay for a subscription after you 've bought the game !! I mean , you buy the game and then you have to pay another ten dollars every month ! I mean , come on people !
 Sure , this game has got stuff to strut , but the on thing that made me bring it down to that one measily star is that fact that you never own the game . you have to pay to play , which is a factor that certainly draws my attention . When i buy a game , i like to play it online through the company 's server that is FREE -LRB- how the heck do you think Blizzard does so well ??!! -RRB- . This is in my mind , a typical scam , and ill have no part in it .
 Okay , here it is in a nutshell . The graphics bite , and bite HARD . The spell component system is so difficult that playing hack and slash by default is much more preferable . And there is little if any help by the GMs . My two cents . Buy at your own risk .
 hell what kind of game is this
 Asheron 's Call offers an unthinkabally huge world for it 's players to adventure in and explore . Over the course of the past year Turbine has gotten considerabally better at lag and down time , responding to its market really well.Pros
 This is one of those games that you think is the greatest thing ever invented when you first load it up . However , after a while , you will realize that this game is absolutely terrible . THIS GAME IS 100 % HACK AND SLASH ! The quests are no fun , since dozens of people are camping them . Getting yourself equipped is no fun , since even more people camp the chests and monsters with items -LRB- which are few -RRB- . Every place that is interesting is crowded . Sure , the world is huge . But 95 % of the world is completely uninteresting , so everyone ends up in the few places that are worth going to . Then , your computer slows down from all the people , you get portal stormed away , and you ca n't read your chat window because so many people are talking.You see all these reviews , raving about how great the game is . I was like that too . But in a month or two , after you have wasted all your time making a powerful character , you will ask yourself , `` What now ? '' The answer
 This is bound to be an unpopular review . Ever notice that panning a product is not considered helpful by most people ? Once you get this far , you 're hoping that the reviewers will ratify your purchase decision.Well , this is a great game , I imagine , if you 're a gaming addict with nothing else to do . On the other hand , if you have other responsibilities and interests that will prevent you from investing many hours daily in this game , you should skip it altogether . It 's way to complicated , and the other players are way too immersed in it , for you to have any fun with anything less than an all out effort . You simply can not dip into this game for a half hour here and there and expect to glean anything but frustration . I played it for a couple of weeks , saw the writing on the wall , and cancelled my account .
 Well I have to say that if you are considering a an online RPG then AC is one of the better ones , if not the best . However there is one very important factor which has forced myself and quite a few other to leave the game.The problem was not with the game itself , it is as addictive as they come , but instead lay with the technical side of the game . The first big problem was with the game server downtime , AC goes down regualarly for 3 hours each day . This time is , as you would guess , during the off-peak hours of the day ; which is great if you live in the US . However for international players , guess again!This was not the problem which caused me to cancel my membership however , it was after I switched from a telephone connection to a cable TV connection that I became locked out of the server.I spent a good four weeks trying to get any kind of technical support from AC and Microsoft , my search for help included 4 chat rooms and over 20 letters sent to 2 support email addresses . I never once met a systems operator who did n't reffer me elsewhere , nor did I ever get a single reply to the e-mails I sent . The bottom line is Microsoft wo n't be able to help you if you have problems , they will send you to a seperate AC support center . The AC support center exsists but will unfortunately ignore you.So if you have worries about system compatibility or a non-telephone internet connection , especially through a cable TV line , it might be safer to go with Everquest or Ultima . I would have liked to be able to have words with the support team about this , but alas could not find one .
 After playing Asheron 's Call for almost 18 months , I was left with a sick feeling in my stomach . For lovers of the fantasy genre , this game had much promise from the it 's beginning , but quickly decayed into an empty shell created by poor game design.Quests are horrible , and quests items are merely shiny toys to show off . They , for the most part , serve no purpose and are useless.Character classes are a complete joke . At the point of character creation you are given a great number of choices and variables , but after 2 months of play you quickly realize that almost all character skills are useless . Only 2 character classes are viable
 This game is a horrible game . I 'll admit it is addictive , but what is the point of the game ?? There is n't one it 's unbeatable . Now you may not play to win and -LRB- i have played this game for a long time and know just about every thing there is to know about the game -RRB- you just want to play for fun.WRONGE GAME !!!!! Unless you buy a charactor on ebay or have friends with high levels charactors it 's really hard to get started.If you play to kill others all I can say to you is have fun getting killed 100000000 times . There are super power monachey who OWN dungens . That means if you go there you die.And there are clans that own EVERYTHING ! If your not level 50 at least your fun turns in to a bad time . If you make you charactor wronge -LRB- you 'll realize later if you did -RRB- the game sucks . If you get the game you 'll be addicted at first . After you play for a year or so it becomes alot less fun then it becomes less and less fun.Trust me this game IS A VARY VARY BAD GAME !!!! By the wasy im not really 12 just dont have an amazon email . Im realy 15 i started at 13 when I bought the game .
 Asheron 's Call is a basic RPG played online . You create your character from three different races of humans -LRB- basically English , Arabian or Japanese -RRB- and then assign skills and stats to customize your character . And then you 're launched into the world of Asheron 's Call.The first thing that strikes you is the scale of the game . It 's huge . The second thing is the unavoidable question
 Yes , Asheron 's Call is the best of all on-line RPGs , but that 's like saying I 'd rather have my toes chopped off than lose a leg . You never get a chance to love the great features in this game because of all the snafus . Servers constantly go up and down , even with good DSL service it became hard to hold a connection , be prepared to reconfigure your computer to get the thing to work , and most of all LAGS , LAGS , LAGS !!!!!! In the towns you can walk two steps , lag for 5 secs , walk 2 more , wait another 5 secs , etc. . It all gets to be particularly irritating when these glitches appear during combat . Whoops , you 're dead ! Whoops , where am I ? Maybe in 5 years the technology will have advanced to the point that all of this will work . But for now online RPGs are simply an exercise in frustration .
 I was thrilled by all the options that Smackdown vs. Raw had for PS2 , which is actually more than what I can say for Day of Reckoning 2 for Gamecube when it comes to game options . I thought that since this game was a year newer and the graphics were better than Smackdown vs. Raw as well as it having all the new wrestlers I like such as Carlito -LRB- I spit in the face of people who do n't want to be cool ! -RRB- , Snitskt -LRB- It was n't my fault ! -RRB- , Mohammad Hassan -LRB- Too bad he left the WWE , hope he comes back at some point -RRB- and the new theme musics such as John Cena 's and Edge 's , I thought with the obvious things this game had that Smackdown vs. Raw did n't have , that this game would be the bomb and blow the other one away , that actually was n't the case.This game actually lacked quite a few things , more than one would like to admit if they were looking forward to it being the best game to come out so far.For one thing , Kurt Angle 's `` You Suck ! '' chants were n't in the game . Even though I SOMEWHAT like Kurt Angle , it was still fun to hear the crowd chant `` You Suck ! '' to him , even if you do n't totally agree . I wish one of those so-called hometown heros would 've beaten him in his Kurt Angle Invitational . Ever since he became a bastard with it by often going too far with what he did to those so-called hometown heros and now that he is n't offering the Invitational anymore , that definitley sucks . Seeing one of those guys beat him and getting his medal would 've been great -LRB- not the retarded Eugene who did it instead -RRB- . Another obvious thing that was missing in the game was Lillian Garcia 's voice whenever you choose the Raw arena because she 's the ring announcer of Raw . Also , they did n't have Jerry Lawler or Jim Ross or Jonathan Coachman talking during the match like with Smackdown vs. Raw.And one of the most obvious , MOST CRUCIAL things the game did n't have that Smackdown vs. Raw had were the actual game options during a match . One of those missing options was you getting to have a manager at ringside for either wrestler or letting both wrestlers have managers . When you watch wrestling on TV , you never see a show where a manager at ringside does n't get involved during the match . The fact that this game took that option away was bascially taking away the whole feeling of WWE . Afterall , what good was Mohammad Hassan being in the game if Daivari was never there ? , the fact that Daivari was in his corner in the WWE made Mohammad the recognized wrestler that he was . And what about Edge ? He 's supposed to have Lita in his corner likes he normally does on RAW . It 's simply not pro wrestling if there 's no such thing as no managers at ringside.Another option missing was the handicap option . This game just offers a 2 on 1 handicap match , it 's missing the 3 on 1 option . 3 on 1 handicap matches have happened . Just look at the thing with Goldberg vs. Evolution in 2003 . It 's also hard to make your wrestler get in and out of the ring using the controls.Those were the cons , but here are the pros , the improvements this has over Smackdown vs. Raw ,1 . Better graphics .2 . New wrestlers and new theme musics .3 . More realistic where it shows your opponent slowing down with fatique after the match goes on long enough .4 . The 2 on 1 handicap match can be either `` Normal '' or `` Tornado '' .5 . You were able to continue your assault even after the match was over for a few seconds.If this game had all the options that Smackdown vs. Raw had while still keeping all the pros listed above -LRB- and adding Daivari and Lita to the roster at least as managers -RRB- , then this would 've blown Smackdown vs. Raw out of the water and would get 5 stars .
 This is a very bad game . It is the exact same thing as last year . The only diffrence is new wrestlers , entrances , and one new match -LRB- last man standing -RRB- . There are also no superstar voice overs , and there is just only 40 superstars -LRB- including the 5 legends -RRB- . So do n't get this game unless you do n't have the original day of reckoning .
 First off , let me say this game totally sucks ! One complaint I have about it is that the rosters are STILL totaly out of date ! Yeah , I know that it is supposed to be a continuation of the first Day of Reckoning , but at least put Batista on Smackdown ! The controls are sluggish and unresponsive , it is impossible to win by pinfall , the camera angles are confusing , and there is STILL no voiceover or commentary ! In this day and age , no voiceover or commentary is just plain sad . Also , Create-a-championchip , create-a-pay per view are also absent in this GameCube version , but automatically included in Smackdown vs. RAW 2006 . THQ is totally biest to PS2 and Xbox . If they had just included all of these features and less frustrating gameplay , this could have one of the greats , but since they did n't , it is one that will be on the hall of shame . Screw you , THQ !!!!!
 This game is pathetic . I am a huge wrestling fan and I 've played every THQ WWE game . This is one of the worst and it 's obvious the other people who wrote reviews have never played the WWE Smackdown games.First off the game play in DOR2 is complete garbage just like the first.Second , they did nothing to make this game better than the first Day of Reckoning . Hardly any changes.The CAW feature was the only good thing about the first DOR . The CAW feature in DOR2 is not as good as the first.WWE should drop THQ . Sure they can make a great fighting style for the Smackdown games on ps2 , but they ca n't make a good CAW on the Smackdown games for ps2 . Then they can make a good CAW for the GameCube and the Xbox , but they ca n't make a good fighting syle for the GameCube and Xbox.What is wrong with THQ?Please help me boycot any THQ games until they get a wrestling game right .
 This game has everything you would want to have a good fun game . The detailed create feature allows to create anything you want . But there 's a lot of glitches . If you use the `` paint '' feature to create a wrestler 's mask or face paint it tends to sometimes glitch . The wrestler will come out without the mask or face paint . Especially if you make a copy of the pattern and alter it to contrast for a second wrestler it wo n't show up at all either way.In order to do the most basic things like `` get up off the mat '' you have to constantly ram the A button repeatedly as fast as you can before you even begin to roll over . You have to do the same thing when you 're in a hold , or when you have someone in a hold . It does n't take long before your thumbs get so tired you 're using other fingers and missing `` counter '' cues . Finally when you manage to work your way through you make it to the Royal Rumble and if you lose you do n't get `` rematch '' like each and every other event through the game . You have to sit through a load screen to get to the locker room . Go through another load screen to get to the story . THEN you have to go through the whole long winded discussion , then ANOTHER LOAD SCREEN and then you finally get to the arena stage.Then you have to WAIT for your turn then if you 're thrown over the ropes there is no hope at all . YOU WILL BE ELEMINATED ! Apparently they forgot to put somehting to defend yourself in . The ring is so tight quarters if a wrestler throws a punch and EVERYONE is hit . Do n't bother trying to perform a move , the moment you begin to attack an opponent each and every wrestler in that ring WILL turn on you ... and only you ... and stand around and wait while a wrestler is beating on you paying no attention to anyone else in the ring but YOU ! I lasted longest by doing nothing . If I do n't even touch the controller I last longest . If you stand up everyone will turn attention to you . If you get to Royal Rumble , quit . do n't bother playing it any more . If you lose you practically have to start over from the menu screen just to retry ! You ca n't defend yourself when thrownover the rope !
 As a huge fan of both wrestling and wrestling video games , I am very dissapointed in this piece of garbage ! Like the first Day Of Reckoning , you still can not get up off the mat once knocked down ! You can pound on the controller for what seems like forever and never get up . Once you do finally get up you are slightly disoriented and are open for attack starting the whole trying to get up process again ! The story mode is n't that great either . You can not lose during the story mode ! If you do not win a particular match you must continue rematching it until you do , preventing you from choosing your own destiny . Speaking of which , there are VERY FEW options or choices in the story mode . You can not choose which belts you want to fight for or who your tag team partner and manager is going to be . There are no stables to create , no create your own belt , or most importantly no ELIMINATION CHAMBER match !! This is the best match and most fun to play in the PS2 wrestling games but it is missing from here . Please I urge to save your money and wait for the next PS2 wrestling game to come out ! This is a waste of time and energy . Pull out `` Smackdown
 It 's better than the first one . It looks better . It 's smoother.But do n't expect it to be fair . . Which severely hinders the fun-factor . Most annoying # 1
 this game sucks !! although it 's no surprise considering that EVERY SINGLE ONE of the Gamecube wrestling titles are crap . Well THQ , you sure did n't disappoint , cause you 've come up w / cruddy game # 4 . THQ has n't done anything right for WWE since the n64 when it was still WWF . ok , ok , amazing graphics yeah . so ? the gameplay ? B.S. the A.I. ? riiiight . story line ? try stealing one that did n't happen 2-3 years ago . completely ridiculous ! 2 words for you `` No Mercy '' take a lesson and dust off your n64 cause THQ has n't figured out the gamecube yet .
 First things first ... I 'm not a tweleve year old kid and I 've played a heck of a lot of video games -LRB- especially wrestling and RPG -RRB- in my day , so I 'll only tell you the facts about this game.Create-A-Wrestler has more interesting attributes , moves , clothing and features . It even has twenty facial expressions and twenty lighting effects for pictures . That 's the good news . The bad news is that it takes a long -LRB- and I mean LONG -RRB- time to create the superstar because the computer ca n't load the image fast enough . Imagine waiting twenty seconds to preview the look of clothing on your wrestler . That 's twenty seconds for EACH outfit ... and we have n't even gotten into colors yet.The entrances still stink ... just the plain ole ' WWE banner behind the wrestler as s/he walks out to the ring . Nothing original there.And while the plot is original , there 's only one of them . Unlike the first game , you ca n't choose between RAW or SmackDown . There 's only one plot , so the replayability feature is very limited.The graphics are a HUGE improvement , but the wrestling methods is not . There 's only one new exhibition match other than the standards -- welcome the `` Last Man Standing Match . '' Remember the other WWE games for the PS -LRB- 2 -RRB- ? Lumberjack matches , casket matches , ambulance matches , I Quit matches , survival matches ? None of that cool stuff is in here , no siree ! Why would we be interested in a multitude of great exhibitions when we can have the same-old-same-old ? And let 's not forget the backstage matches , lockerroom matches , outdoor matches , garage matches ... etc. . Nope , just ring matches again ... that 's all we need , plain ol' ring matches.Okay , some good points ... There 's a new `` Stamina meter '' that goes down when you are pounding on someone and goes up when you are lying flat on your back -LRB- and that will happen a lot early on -RRB- . This prevents you from punching the pud out of people forever without worrying about small things like resting . It will get on your nerves after a while , but you 'll love it when your enemy runs out . :-RRB- There 's four different submission holds affecting your opponent 's spirit , stamina , physical well-being and even one that enables you to rest -LRB- remember that stamina thing we were talking about ? -RRB- Again , no female superstars are allowed to participate in story mode -LRB- the only answer for this is prejudice and bigotry -RRB- , the bra-and-panty matches are horribly lame -LRB- just when are the programmers going to be smart enough to let the player choose outfits for the female wrestlers ? -RRB- and after a while , you 'll have so much money that you 'll have bought everything in ShopZone and still have a million dollars in the bank , sitting uselessly.But the best part of this game -- the thing that makes it outshine its predasessor by leaps and bounds -- is the full roster of talent that can be used . Everyone from Paul London to JBL to Eugene to Mankind can be summoned for a quick bout . But heaven help you if you are stupid enough to enter a Fatal Four Way or a Three-Man match . You 'll quickly find yourself Rock Bottomed , Stunned and Pedigreed ! The computer targets you ... and sometimes only you . Those matches turn into handicap matches faster than you can say , `` Quidditch '' Mister Potter!I will leave this review the same way I leave all of my reviews , RENT FIRST , BUY SECOND !
 I played the first Day Of Reckoning into the ground!This one is MUCH harder to control . I 'm just glad Ionly paid about $ 2 for it .
 Day of Reckoning 2 when I read up on the previews and such , seemed to have nothing much new going for it save for a totally new graphics system which was supposed to make the wrestlers look more `` realistic '' along with the usual updated roster.Unfortunately , that 's pretty much all it has going for it.Aside from the basic new stuff -LRB- better background music without the damn rap music , new moves , new roster -RRB- , the graphics system DOES look a LITTLE better from Day of Reckoning , however , at the expense of totally screwing up the Create a Superstar option!Due to the new graphics flesh system , the create a superstar option is much more tricky and complex to deal with , and in most all cases -LRB- with my characters -RRB- they come out looking like monkeys or pig-faces . Their skin is always blotchy and discolored like when you spill milk on a white fabric and let it dry for a week or so . The faces are virtually impossible to work into a passable human mold , and the presets all look like hideous inhuman creatures with comically oversized or undersized features -LRB- all the females have tiny squinty eyes and fat lips , all the males have gorilla noses and square heads -RRB- So they have totally messed up the CAS system , as well as another horrible new addition
 Dynasty warriors 3 is the same as the other Dynasty warriors games . I would not recomend it .
 Prior to purchasing `` Links '' , I read the customer reviews . Most , if not all , rated this game as either good or excellent . I must respectfully disagree.Even with a high end system , the graphics are only a shade better than mediocre . Further , the user interface is clumsy , with mouse control of the swing function both inconsistent and often inaccurate . The game scenarios , while attempting to invoke an air of realism , are artificial and do not yield a true `` course '' atmosphere.As a golfer and avid gamer , both desktop and `` dedicated '' -LRB- Playstation , Sega , etc. -RRB- , I was disappointed . However , I decided to expose a friend to the game and compare reactions . He liked it . Most perplexing.The answer was quite simple
 Graphcs are great . PERIOD . Sound set up is almost impossible to coordinate with selected motions . None of my 25 add-on courses purchased over the life of previous versions work on this engine . I 've taken it off my machine and reinstalled Links 2000 . Now I 'm useing the good one .
 If you already have some of the add on courses that went with Microsoft Golf 2.0 and Links 386 , they probably would be outdated for this new version and would n't transfer . Find out before you get this .
 Got it for my nephew via amazon . turns out its for Xbox alone , not Xbox 360 , which my nephew owns . Turns out Xbox games cant be played on Xbox 360 consoles ! What a load of crap ! The kid tried everything , even took it to his neighbor 's place to try it there -LRB- also 360 -RRB- , but was disappointed . Now Im feeling guilty the kids in a mess !
 I love the Evil Dead Movies , I love Bruce Campbell as an actor , but please quit making crappy Evil Dead games . I 'm not sure what game the other reviewers are playing , but this one is utter crap . There are limited saves , so you play the same are over and over and over . You do the same moves over and over and over . And the game is greedy when it comes to giving you extra life . I guess I shoudl add that it is not greedy all of the time . It seems in the areas that you do not need health , there it is ... but when you are next to dead , there is none to be seen . I would at most rent this , but why not just play Halo 2 on-line and not waste money on crappy games based on good movies !!!
 After installing the game I found it unplayable due to mouse lag . After hours of searching , all I could find about this issue is that is was noticed during demos and `` corrected '' . EA support is worthless and says it has already been fixed and so there is no solution . I would not waste your time or money with this game .
 I was not able to download this game on a laptop that is less than 2yrs old . Furthermore , although I could download on another laptop -LRB- only 4 mos old ! -RRB- , it was unable to play . It seems to me that MoH could sell a lot more games if they would keep in mind users that do n't have the latest technology on their PC 's . I 've enjoyed previous MoH games , but will now stay away from any new products from this company .
 This game is already dropping in price , the first time I 've seen a FPS drop this quick.The why is simple it just does n't deliver on any level.Bots are dumb as dirt . MP maps are small and dark . If you fire you show up on radar and if you kill an opponent he sees a video of your firing spot and he re spawns and comes after you in seconds . with no VOIP your totally out of comm with your teammates . Clanners using Teamspeak or Vent win over , and over , and over . Not much fun.MP browser is the worst I 've ever seen . Long , long , wait for browser to finish a refresh and you ca n't use browser until done . Lots of servers listed , but no players on them . Filters do n't function . I installed the patch but did n't address any of the problems.An OK first time shooter for kids , but no adult interest.Very pretty , if you have high end graphics . Cpu intensive .
 Simply said -- DO N'T buy it ! This game will not load on my three-month old premium PC . It will load on my desktop but runs unacceptably . It is so choppy , slow nor can you aim and shoot with any accuracy . Frequently you see right through the soldier or they are incomplete ghost-like images . Plus , Amazon will not take this game back after 30 days - and it takes longer than that to try to make this ugly thing work.Call for Duty 4 is vastly superior at least in terms of getting things to work . I do n't know how CFD and MOH compare in regards to actual missions and the thrill of the game , since I NEVER was able to PLAY the MOH game.What is wrong with a company that creates a game either so stupid or with technology so new that the customer had to buy a computer last week to make it work . Are n't they eliminating a huge market ? The masses are not going to go out and buy a new PC or expensive video card , etc. just to play a Medal of Honor game - especially when competitor products work fine.Mike Losey
 this game is garbage , if you base it on 82nd airborne combat jumps in wwII.the only thing that is historically correct are the name 's of the combat jumps . the rest is all wrong , the locations of the jumps , the 82nd did not jump into towns and cities that looked like factories . brothers in arms is a much more accurate game when it come down to history . . maybe EA can do a better job next time . .
 I did n't have any of the technical problems other users have reported , but the game is still quite disappointing.If you are looking for an arcade style game , this might be for you , but if you care at all about realism , you 'll probably be happier giving this a pass.A few obvious examples
 I am currently in the process of downloading any EA updates . Unfortunately , like most of the world , I have dial-up , as DSL is still not economically viable for my area.OK , after 10 min , I see EA does not have any downloads for my extremely choppy gameplay -LRB- Windows XP , 3Ghz , 1 GB RAM , 80 GB free hard drive , ATI Radeon X1300 Pro , 16x -LRB- or higher - I will not bother to look it up -RRB- DVD.All specified requirements for this game . I now see it requires a Pixel Shrader 3.0 support video . Man , that 's BS , if that is the problem.I do not understand why EA products are so finicky , and do not run on a computer I specified 9 months ago to play games . Buy Call of Duty , any version . Activision knows how to do it properly . EA is just a pain in the a. ... And is currently a waste of money for me . Anyone want to buy my copy for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ? -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- savings -RRB-
 Not to sure on this game ... I bought it thinking that My GForce 8800GTS Graphics card would be able to support this game . But I was wrong , you have to have a PhysX Graphics excellerator in order to run this game . I am not much of a computer Geek , but I think that the GForce GPU that I am using is way more than sufficient to run this game , more so than the PhysX GPE . A little disappointed ...
 I have waited for this oft delayed game for many moons . I would check the gaming sites for the latest news about a release date . I pre-ordered to get it sooner . What a disappointment ! EA really dropped the ball on this one . I did n't think they could make a game worse than `` Pacific Assault '' but they did . It runs like crap on my computer that has a Pentium 4 duo-core , 2 full megs of RAM and a brand new GeForce 8600 GTS card . I set the video card and game to the lowest levels and it plays passably . I ca n't tell if the gameplay just sucks or if it 's just running like crap . It looks like hell on these settings.The Game will not save checkpoints-My control settings mysteriously switch themselves around-I have not even been through ten minutes of the first level before I 'm fiddling with the settings trying to squeeze some performance from the game-or I give up in frustration.Save your money-EA laid a rotten egg on this one
 I tried to install this game on a Samsung laptop made in 2011 . I have the newest Medal of Honor game installed , made in 2010 , as well as Battlefield Vietnam , made in 2004 . So I figured installing this game , which is 5 years old , would n't be a problem . However , after finally getting the game installed , I received an error message saying that my video card was not supported . If my 2011 graphics card is too outdated for this game , I would like to know how the heck anyone played it in 2007 . It makes no sense . I can run an EA game from 2004 and another from 2010 on my video card , so why ca n't I play one from 2007 ? Do n't buy this unless you are absolutely certain that it will run on your system . Despite being an old game , it is EXTREMELY picky about what systems it will run on .
 I have all `` call of duty '' games , Doom3 , Band of Brothers and many more . NO PROBLEMS playing these games at all . This one ? Well let just say whoever designed this one must of wanted to create a game for pc gurus because it takes a lot work to make it play . When I say work this is just look at a game which is not smooth ... Ho well too bad , I was looking forward to play it .
 This is sucks-clone . First of all , it simple does n`t work well , because there are a lot of bugs with the videocard . Patch 1.3 does n`t include Patch 1.1 and Patch 1.2 . , so you have to download , download and download.Extremely poor designed everything from menu to gameplay . Colors are unrealistic and enemies are so ugly . The quality of sound , storyline and even graphics is worst then the MoH2 in terms of effects and weather -LRB- like smoke and water -RRB- . You can understand that it is WWII only because enemies speak German , everything else is the unrealistic parody.The most important , that every time you shoot or injured , the screen is shaking and blinking . It is happening 1 time in sec . This is so painful for eyes and just danger . Never play this part !
 The Good
 MOH games on PC and PS2 have been quite lackluster since `` Frontline '' ; but this game has really impressed me with the much improved graphics , reaching the level of Activision 's Call of Duty series.The concept is well recieved , but I still do not go for the idea of keeping stats for head shots etc ; along with the idea that every mission has certain quotas to meet as far as medals and badges are concerned ; This I believe can be eliminated as far as I am concerned.As missions progress , the enemies are more difficult to `` eliminate '' , at times taking a full clip from an automatic weapon before dropping , not to mention the `` super human '' enemies dressed in black ! This takes away some of the realism with respect to weapon use.I find the last mission VERY difficult to complete , I 've reached the last part of it and having a heck of a time completing it , and I am on the `` easy '' mode !! ... If you have patience ... you will like this game !
 I have an ATI X800XT pci express card -LRB- 256MB -RRB- in my machine . Although this card is not listed with the `` not supported '' cards , that is the error msg I received after ordering and installing the game ! What a hassle ! Now I have to go thru the hassle of returning it ! I should get a triple refund from the publishers of this fiasco . Beware !!!!!!!!
 Could have been great . The visuals are very nice . The AI is pretty decent too . I completed the game on the hardest setting in 6 hours . There are only 6 levels . The multiplayer value has yet to be proven and with better games like COD 4 and another Halo , FEAR and Unreal coming ... your money is definitely better spent else where .
 I probably would have liked it if I could have played it . Medal of Honor and Medal of Honor
 The user manual was missing ; without the code printed on that , it is impossible to install and run the game .
 I actually liked MOH : Airborne when I could play it , and despite it being just another normal game glossed with a new way to start each mission , and despite it being way too short . I actually anticipated this game quite a bit during its long and drawn out production because like many people , I am both a casual gamer and a WWII history nut . Specifically , I 've read quite a bit about the Airborne so was interested to mix two of my hobbies.I 'll talk about the good stuff first . The game looks pretty good . The weapons details are better than most games but get pretty unrealistic at times . I kind of liked being able to `` earn '' new weapons as time went on and upgrade them . That adds fun in any game . I really despised finally unlocking the Broomhandle Mauser pistol and not being able to select it on earlier missions after beating the game . Things like that are just retarded.The missions gave an open feel even though they were n't , but they were interesting and varied . And while not neccessarily historically accurate , at least some of them were based on historical actions . I 'll not fault any game for losing historical accuracy because it is a game.And for the bad.I had a horrible time installing and playing this game . Horrible . The worst experience of my life getting a game to work . The official forums and support pages were absolutely no help . They all said the same things , which I tried time and time again to no avail . I finally stumbled onto comment posted on a forum on some other website that I ca n't remember that mentioned trying something completely different . That worked ! HORRAY , I can play!So I played through with only minimal crashes . The bad parts of the actual game were the same old things that bug me about most of these games . They have some spots with endless enemies spawning and very robotic AI . So the only way to advance at times is to bum rush and hope you do n't die . That 's annoying . It was way too short . The final mission was kind of cool but insanely unrealistic and not up to the hype that the plugs I read about the game hinted at . Something about the biggest and most awesome WWII map ever . Okay , they made it big . But it just did n't make any sense at all . If it 's that crazy of an AA tower , how did a C47 drop you onto the top of it ? Whatever . I just got mostly tired of spots that required too much luck to make it through . MOH and I had some good times , but they were plagued by frustrations along the way.So then I upgraded my hard drive . I go to install it again and it crashes my system . My PC instantly shut off . EVERY TIME . And it did n't wait around either . As soon as I close the disk tray it dies . It does n't reboot , just dies . So MOH : A sits on my shelf . I 'm so glad I only paid $ 10 for it.Oh yeah , and remap your iron sights button to Mouse 2 . It helps.Any one want to give me $ 5 ? Graphics
 Wow , thought they might get it right after Pacific Assault bombed ... The multi-player was not ready for gameservers at the time of release , you can not use symbols in your name , so if you are in a gaming clan , you will ticked off about that . The graphics are great , but you better have more than minimum hardware requirements to play the game and have any sort of fun with it . While we get the point that it is `` Airborne '' it should n't be necessary to Chute in every single darn time you get killed . -LRB- do n't get killed , right ; -RRB- I do recommend the game . I have confidence that EA will meet the expectations of the gaming community and release the required amount of patches required to get it as good as they can ; However , If your coming off MOHAA , you will probably end up going back to MOHAA as I did . It is nowhere near as personal as MOHAA . If they could only update MOHAA they would make millions ... = -LSB- 65th -RSB- = . : Rock : .
 Having been a game designer for a few years , and a gamer since I was 25 . At 61 , I have come to expect a certain amount of quality , and playability from the games I buy . MOH Airborne falls short of my expectations . Their `` sighting system '' for the weapons available to the player , leave one frustrated and displeased . Having spent time in combat in Vietnam , I KNOW how to aim and fire a weapon . In MOH Airbourne Assault , it 's as if the player is spastic , you find yourself having difficulty aiming your weapon , and become frustrated . Even when you have the enemy squarely in your sights , the chances of your hitting him are beyond statistical probability.I 've NEVER had so much trouble hitting a real enemy as I had hitting NPC enemies in this game . They need to review their statistics for the hit/miss algorithm . Meanwhile , the Italian `` Blackshirts '' all shoot like Annie Oakley , or Daniel Boone . Fun factor ? Two out of ten . Overall , two out of five for the nice graphics , but it STILL is n't Call Of Duty -LRB- any of them -RRB- or Half-Life2 . Too bad too , I was hoping for more for my money .
 The game I enjoyed most on my old computer was Medal of Honor Allied Assault . With my new computer , I expected more of the same with Medal of Honor Airborne . I was disappointed . Although I have installed , uninstalled , and reinstalled it , removed programs running on my computer , and have done everything I can think of , this overloaded DVD is just too much for my dual core , reasonably heavy-duty computer . It just crashes everytime .
 MoHA was so close to being good . A shoddy hit detection/shooting model really bring this title down . Also npcs move in an unreal tournament type fashion -LRB- instantaneus acceleration -RRB- . If these two issues were polished then man this would have been a great game !
 Sorry to rant but I hope this is a helpful rant . Have we not learned anything from the past ? I wont buy EA games anymore because they simply do n't care about what they put into a game anymore , all they care about is pumping out as many games as they can so they can make a quick buck and its seems to have worked . Now I 've enjoyed past MOH games but when Call of Duty came out I stopped playing them . I decided to give them another shot and I bought MOH Pacific Assault . I was very upset with it so then I thought well maybe they got it right with Airborne but then I remember about past EA games I bought.I have EA NHL 07 and I was also kinda disappointed with it . The game is fun but lacks some of the basic things like when I score a goal you can hear crowd goes nuts but the people in the background do nothing and it kinda takes away some of the fun . The people who bought this game were screaming on the forums for updates and actually came up with some great ideas but EA does n't care they were working on and came out with NHL 08 . EA could care less about the quality of the games they come out with . Now I have n't played Airborne but reading other peoples reviews tells me the same old crap is still happening and I advise you to stop wasting your money on EA games.Thank you
 Was very excited to play this game so I pre-ordered it . The box finally arrives and I open it up to find out that the CD-case was empty . SO now I have to wait to return it and get a new one.This Sucks.I know it 's not Amazons fault , but I hope not too many other people get the same dissapointment as I did . -- UPDATEAmazon just contacted me to tell me they have already shipped me a replacement free of charge . Now THAT is what I call great customer service ! Thanks Amazon , you just won a customer for life .
 I purchased this game for my husband , he loved the other games ! I was disappointed to find that I needed to purchase an upgraded game card for his PC before he could play it , -LRB- he already has a high end card -RRB- . He has n't been able to play it yet , so I ca n't comment on the game itself .
 i preordered MOH Airborne , and am trying to run it on Vista on a 6 month old Dell , 1.5 gRAM and NVIDIA G7300GS . game works well until you leave the aircraft , then you start rotating counterclockwise and ca n't stop , even after hitting the ground , even with video and sound turned down . all the other MOH games have worked well . does anyone have any intelligent suggestions ??
 Ok , the shooter aspectes of this game lag slightly below Brothers in Arms - Hell 's Highway if you 've played that . They are about on par playability wise . Easy to manuever , do n't have a gigantic learning curve in getting good at the game.That said , I can not recommend this game to anybody unless they love smashing their thumb with a hammer over and over just because you love hammers . Google the programming problems built into this game before you purchase it . You need to download 3 very large ` bug fix ' files from the EA website , and THAT does n't even help you with the software problems . The game is VERY picky about cryptic software settings that you have to search the internet far and wide for -LRB- aegea , physX , etc. , etc. -RRB- EA is absolutely no help . Some of these you have to address before the game will ever LOAD for you . Not good . Then , as you clap your hands together and smile at the graphics and gameplay as you start the game , things look good . You can get through several chapters of the game but it 's all a big tease . Get ready for the inevitable and random lock-up followed by crashes to your desktop with nasty error messages and Windows error reporting options throughout most of the game , several of them just instants before you 're about to finish a chapter -LRB- yeah - you have to start the chapter ALL OVER again ... -RRB- . To make things worse , the desktop resolution is locked to the game resolution after a crash-out until you reboot your computer.After having the game on my computer for about a month fighting the Germans -LRB- but mostly battling the EA software glitches -RRB- my Windows XP operating system and registry were taking a severe beating . Finally one day , after another hard lock-up which could only be remedied by a hard reboot my computer said ENOUGH and refused to reboot . I had to pop in the Windows installation disk and run a REPAIR sequence to get my computer up and running again . Other programs seemed to be slowing down and my video was starting to glitch out . Anyway after an UNISTALL and clean sweep of any remnants of MOH AIRBORNE , my computer is happy and running sweetly again . My PC is a P4 3.2 ghz w / 2GB ram and a 256mb ATI video card . No hardware problems here , just one big MOH AIRBORNE problem.Save your money , save your nerves , and for goodness sake do n't subject your computer to the horror that is MOH Airborne . The measly couple bucks you 'll spend on this game will have you muttering under your breath and shaking your head wondering how something so economical , and how something with so much potential , can cause so many problems to both your computer and your sanity .
 This game simply will not run on my machine . I more than meet the recomended system requirements , and I 've tried just about everything I could find that might help . It still wo n't work . Three huge patches have been release for the game . But even with the patches the game still wo n't run anything more than the menu and the tutorial . I 've given up on getting this game to run . EA support was useless . All they did was say that you had to meet the min . system req . and update your drivers -LRB- which I did -RRB- . I gave the game 3 stars on fun level because I wo n't put down a game I ca n't play . It gets a 1 overall though because it simply wo n't work . -LRB- EA support gets -1 for being useless and making me sit for several hours to download and install over 5 gigs of patch info only to crush my hope when the game still would n't work . -RRB-
 Overall , I 'm extremely disappointed in this game . After some odd ball installation issues -LRB- to which tech support was no use -RRB- I finally found a forum and some other players who 'd figured out the fix themselves.I 've attempted to play this thing for several days . I have a very robust gaming system and have tweaked , prodded , adjusted every available setting to get this thing to play well . No luck . Lots of lag , video delay , mouse delay , etc. . After struggling through hours of this I finally quit , uninstalled it , and moved on to another game.Even if they offer to give you this game , stay away . It really stinks .
 Do n't buy this game . You ca n't save except at checkpoints , so when you are killed , you have to play through almost the whole thing again just to get back to where you were . Even a head shot with an M1 Garand does not drop the enemy , COME ON !!!! The enemy soldiers have superhuman reflexes and can duck as soon as you pull the trigger . This game is boring and you feel like you are fighting with a pea shooter for all damage you can do to your enemy . First person shooters need to find another war to fight , -LRB- Korea would be cool -RRB- We have won World War Two too many times now .
 Although the sequel looks a bit better than `` A Fistful of Boomstick '' it is not as much fun to play . Spell casting is gone as are the ability to interact with the enemies etc while using Ash 's trademark lines . If you like the movies it is worth a look as long as you are n't expecting Gears of War you will be fine .
 Okay . The big thing with me is the game is a `` What-if ? '' scenario . `` What-if '' Ash never went back in time , `` Army of Darkness '' never would have happened , and instead Ash was arrested and put in a mental institution . This is like saying , `` What if Marty never went back to the 1950 's in `` Back to the Future '' part 1 , but instead helped Doc fight terrorists . Guess what ? If Marty never went back it would suck and there would be no point to continue a story in that direction . It would be horrible . Just like this game.Yeah , the controls and gameplay are n't horrible . I was in the woods in broad daylight in one level , and I 'm like , `` Umm , this is n't that entertaining or scary ... '' The levels are kind of cool , but nothing to flip out about . Ash also has a harpoon for an arm as an optional weapon . Just stick to the chainsaw people ! Now it 's just getting fruity with all the weapons , like the flamethrower , blood sucking piece of crap thing that does n't really work , and probably the dumbest weapon ? MACHINE GUN ? A lot of those weapons were from `` Fistful of Boomstick . '' But this game just helps keep a horrible tradition going . Also , some of the enemies are dumb . Like the flying ones , the big fat thing Sam rides on , and the ones that look like the grim reaper . Totally out of place . And there 's one part where Ash has to defend Sam against the flying guys and that part sucked . I had to redo it because a lot of my shots went through a certain enemy at a certain point . Yes , one good film franchise is being gutted and stuffed with fruity elements of Today 's all too horrible video games when it gets adapted to the video game medium ! Stupid enemies , stupid weapons , -LRB- This is based on the `` Evil Dead '' film franchise people , stick to the things that made the film franchise so great ! -RRB- and stupid characters you do n't care about i.e. Sam.When someone was on drugs they thought it would be a good idea to give Ash a sidekick who is more humorless and annoying than helpful . Sam and Ash bust on each other for practically ever minute of every second in this game and it 's supposed to be hilarious . It gets very annoying after awhile . Just shut up and get along.But the biggest thorn in my side is the ending . It 's pure crap . The biggest jip you 'll ever get in life .
 when I first turned on Regeneration and saw the graphics I was very impressed and thought this was going to be a step forward from Fistful of Boomstick . Some of the scenery was done very well . But unfortunately , they seemed to have spent so much time making the game look good , they forgot to make actual play equally as exciting.Regeneration starts off in the cabin in the woods . It was good to be back there and I was excited to see they brought the story line back to the creepy cabin . But just as you 're getting into it , that level is quickly over . It was more like an intro . So you then find yourself in a mental institution that became possessed and over run with deadites . Perfect ! what more could you ask for that a creepy hospital building ? well , again , before you know it the level is over and you 're out of there . Having not done much at all . The line of travel is mostly limited to one hallway . you never get to search out and find hidden areas and objects . No challenging puzzles or objects to find and later use someplace else like in `` Boomstick '' . It 's very simplistic and quickly over . what a let down . This seems to happen throughout the game . Although I will admit as the game went further on , it did improve slightly . But it just was n't challenging . The game constantly tells you what to do and never lets you figure things out on your own . You walk near an elevator , the triangle icon appears on screen and tells you to push the button . Never letting you figure anything out on your own . There are so many cinematic cut scenes that you 're constantly watching the game like a movie and waiting to actually play . There are n't as many interesting weapons to pick up as you go along either . Some of the execution cut scenes are cool when killing deadites , but over all , I was let down by the lack of challenge of this game . The Sam character -LRB- voiced terribly by Ted Raimi -RRB- is just horrible and makes game play annoying at times . Picture Scrappy Doo doing a Joe Pesci imitation . But so completely typical and over the top . Just not funny at all . When you 're controlling Sam in certain scenes , the music that comes on is just silly cartoonish music that does n't fit with the scary theme of the game at all . Almost points out how stupid and unfitting the character is in this game . I love the Evil Dead movies and enjoy Bruce Campbells character and voice over a lot . But believe it or not , the earlier , more simplistic looking `` Fistful Of Boomstick '' was much more enjoyable . Hopefully they 'll make some major improvements to actual game play the next time they take a shot at the Evil Dead series . And take a lesson from terrible characters like Scrappy Doo and Jar Jar Binks . Do n't bother . Skip them entirely .
 Im not casting aspersions toward the seller but the fact is this controller has never worked with games it claims it will work with.I have searched everywhere I can think of for any other directions on how to program this controller but the options are limited & so this unit is worthless as a PS2 controller .
 Installed this expansion and it caused random Sims 2 crashes . Looked the problem up on the internet and it was pretty common . Uninstalled and problems disappeared . I 'm disappointed to say the least . I DO N'T recommend this expansion .
 I chose them because of the price , however they totally put a random Sims game disk in what was supposed to be Bon Voyage . Sure it said Bon Voyage on the cover but it was Best of business on the inside . They even had the nerve to put the instructions with it on top of Bon Voyage 's instructions . Maybe i would not have minded if Bon Voyage was actually in the case .
 this game installed and played ok when i bought it three months ago then i had to reinstall and there is nothing on disk 1 . The game can only be installed once then its done no warnings or anything A BIG BIG RIP OFF
 Two words
 I 'm pretty sure I might have had fun with this expansion pack if it had n't shut off my CD drives -LRB- its not just that , my printer does n't work either -RRB- and let me play my game . When I installed Bon Voyage I was n't aware that a program called `` SecuROM '' was also installed along with it , and thanks to that , my CD/DVD burners are no longer functioning . Anytime I put the Bon Voyage disk I get an error message that tells me to put the actual game disk in the CD drive or something like that , when the original disk is actually in the drive already.I ca n't burn or back up anything to disks , I ca n't play DVD 's , it 's just a disaster . Before I could figure what was causing all of these problems , I logged on to the official website to report my disk problem -LRB- asking for the original -RRB- which is when I also learned about SecuROM . It turns out that this software is causing all of these problems and there is no easy way to remove it . It installs itself with rootkit-like behavior , its very hard to find , and thus , very hard to remove as well.As you can tell , I was extremely disappointed to read about this , and will be reformatting my whole computer to get rid of this nasty problem very soon . I just want my computer to function once again like it should , and I will NOT be reinstalling Bon Voyage or purchasing anymore products from the Sims 2 line until its guaranteed that the game wo n't cause any other annoying problems with my computer . Its such a shame that I did n't get to enjoy this game like I should have , and it 's even worse that I ca n't play the game I payed $ 30 for , and that it just really messed with my computer.And that 's the only way I can sum up this game
 As much as I enjoy The Sims 2 , this particular package has ruined the experience for me . Do n't get me wrong , the game is great , but it is NOT worth the headaches SecuRom has caused . SecuRom is an anti-piracy software that comes packaged with the game and is installed on your system WITHOUT your knowledge . If I had but known the problems it would cause , I would not have installed it . I can not write to my CD drive now , and after having called Maxis , they make it sound as if I am the only person experiencing this . They try to overlook the real problem and try to target game play , but I do n't have a problem with the game . I DO have a problem with what their insecurity has done to my system . They finally gave me instructions to uninstall SecuRom , but THEY DO N'T WORK . WARNING TO ALL WHO HAVE NOT YET PURCHASED THIS GAME , BUT ARE THINKING ABOUT IT . DO N'T
 Unbeknownst to you , this particular Sims 2 expansion pack will install SecurROM -LRB- a rootkit style copy protection created by Sony -RRB- to your pc and you wo n't be able to get rid of it . It 's been known to screw up hardware configurations left and right . Nasty !
 I was looking forward to Bon Voyage , and HM Fashion Stuff . I have them sitting on my desk ready to install for the last 3 weeks ! Thank my lucky stars I did not install either one . I was waiting for the patch . I was waiting to see what people thought of the patch . If I would of known that Maxis was putting SecuROM in the games , I would not of purchased either one of them . I will have no choice but to box both games up and send them back to Amazon for a full refund . As I can do that since they still have the seals on them . I will also cancel my pre-order -LRB- Teen Stuff pack -RRB- As I am aware that it will have SecuROM on it as well .
 The expansion was really bad , but the worst part is some kind of program called `` Securom '' that installs itself on your computer.The problem is that sometimes when I try to start the game , this unwanted program locks the whole computer and I ca n't do a single thing , I have to turn it off by the powerbutton which is NOT healthy for a computer.This happens 8/10 times when I try to play the game and it 's not worth risking destroying my computer , so I 'm uninstalling this game and never buying a Sims game again .
 I sent a message three days ago never heard back I want my money back really bad because I 'm not able to use it and I did n't just spend like 12 bucks for nothing
 I really wouldve liked to play . But I never got both CDs so I ca n't . It really is a bummer , for what I paid for it . I did get my $ $ back though .
 I never had a chance to play game , I bought for my daughter for Christmas and when we tried to install it was as though there was nothing on disk . I tried to install on a couple other computers with same results . I did n't know how to get a refund !
 Once again we get a product from EA Games that promises to be fun and interactive , when in fact all it does is provide major bug issues and the means to drive you absolutely out of your mind.Some Pros : Ability to take a family vacation , able to plan a real honeymoon for your engaged sims to go on straight after they get married , fun new locales to visit , new wants and interactions , a new gaming system of a traveler 's bingo where you try and collect as many icons as possible , good vacation rewards upon returning home and the long overdue introduction of sim jewelry.A Lot of Cons : Can we say `` bugs '' boys and girls ? I knew you could . While the jewelry is a fun new addition it has several issues , like buying it does n't apply to the whole household as clothing does , but only the purchasing sim and several times when setting up jewelry for different outfits -LRB- as you can do the hair after the Seasons expansion -RRB- it begins to mess up and not allow you to change things & just becomes complicated . I 'd say the biggest con sadly , is the actual expansion itself . The new expansion is very laggy as it 's constantly trying to reset stuff when you go to these new locales -LRB- of which there is only 3 -RRB- . Another fun bug creates a billion tourist guides and other new NPC 's to flood your system lagging it down even further , and in some cases crashing your computer.When compared to other expansion packs , this one is by far the worst . On top of all the bugs the irksome behaviors your sims will become infected with once going on vacation does n't make it worth paying for this expansion -LRB- anyone whose neighborhoods are now infected with the sea chantey and slap dance know what I 'm talking about -RRB- at all . Do n't be afraid to tell this expansion `` Bon Voyage '' and save yourself a lot of grief .
 The game does n't even work on my computer ! And no , there is n't anything wrong with my computer and yes it 's a pc .
 The cover and descriptions look promising . We can build beach lots , but that 's about all the fun I received out of this expansion . Never mind the fact that the island maps are so varied that certain lots only fit on certain neighborhood shorelines , Sims can now build sandcastles and swim in the ocean.Bigfoot ? Mysterious instructor ? Witch doctors ? Tour guides ? Fun the first time or two around , but after that , it gets old . If you play a lot of different Sims , you 'll have to keep bringing them to the three respective islands and have them master the local gestures and visit the same three creatures over and over.I do enjoy the new items -LRB- hammock was one of them -RRB- and Bon Voyage adds pagoda roofs along with new furniture , but really ? I felt like this expansion was a major letdown.I bought it used for $ 7.99 and I feel it 's still not worth it .
 I 'll start off with the good things first . I love the ability to build beach lots and some of the new objects , interactions , and destinations are a ton of fun.Now for the things i do n't like . First of all there are n't enough objects for the price , I can download twice as much , with better quality , for free . Second , it 's extremely glitchy . Lastly , securom ...
 I was really excited to get my hands on this newest expansion pack in the Sims 2 franchise . Unfortunately , it did n't live up to my expectations.I 'm running Windows XP with more than one gigabyte of memory , which -LRB- according to the requirements on the box -RRB- should be more than enough . It is n't . I experienced the worst slow-down in loading times . Even `` Pets '' was n't this bad ! To load the game took nearly five minutes . To load the neighbourhood took another five . Then it was another couple of minutes to load a lot . I thought that my custom content was perhaps slowing things down . So I got rid of all of it . I did n't notice any difference . I ca n't imagine trying to run this expansion pack with the recommended minimum 512 megabytes of RAM . I 'm not sure the game would ever even load.I took my Sims on two vacations . For the first , I took a single woman to Twikkii Island . I noticed how slow it was right away . With all the other Sims wandering around these vacation lots , there 's bound to be a bit of lag . I had her visit the beach . It rained and the gameplay grew even slower . I had her visit some ancient ruins . The game slowed almost to a stop when she encountered a hot springs -LRB- it must 've been the steam animation -RRB- . It was just too much for my computer . Plus , each time my Sim walked to another lot , there were more minutes of loading time.For the second vacation , I took a couple and their child to the mountain vacation destination . By this time , the loading times were really starting to annoy me . I only had them visit one other lot , and I made the mistake of having the mother and daughter play on the log roll . The mother got completely stuck , and I had to look up how to free her using the debugging tool . A search of the BBS on the official site shows that I am not the only one to experience this problem.I did n't bother having my Sims visit the Far East destination . By the time I got my poor glitched family back from their vacation , I 'd had enough.The developers seem to be using their customers as beta testers . That 's fine if they tell you that . But when I buy an expansion pack for my favourite game , I do n't want to have to avoid certain gameplay experiences until a patch is released . These issues - if they are as common as they appear to be - should have been addressed before the games were finalized and shipped.I 've uninstalled `` Bon Voyage '' . I 'll go back to playing with the setup I had before . And I 'll seriously think twice before wasting my money on the next piece of memory-hogging garbage that 's released under the Sims 2 brand .
 This product has a destructive `` anti copy '' virus like program on it called `` secure rom '' . It was very difficult to get it to install on my sons computer . Once installed he was able to play it for 20 minutes before his computer crashed due to the secure rom junk on this disc . The computer ceased being able to boot and required a complete re-installation of the operating system , programs and personal data . I think the sims games are wonderfully creative but most of the titles and expansions are a royal pain in the rear to install with various incompatablities and problems . Now we have the company treating it 's customers , by default as criminals and putting `` secure rom '' tech on ALL their products thereby punishing all us honest gullible gamers who legally purchase the games . It 's well past time that these companies started treating us like customers again rather than criminals .
 First of all I totally agree with La Coccinelle 's review . I have plenty of memory , graphic cards and anything else that this game needs to run and it is terrible , the graphics in my opinion are cheesy , it took forever to load and as my person on Twiiki Island was actually having fun it all crashed on me . I have unloaded the game and now my computer is happily running how it always does , great ... honesty I feel these expansion packs are being put together too fast and not tested really well . The more that come out the more I am getting annoyed , there are n't that much things that adds to decorations , as I said the graphics are cheesy and it is not worth the time it takes to load the game for it to just crash ... I ca n't take it back so it will just sit on a shelf collecting dust waiting to see if they come out with a patch or SOMETHING that will get it to work ... I would not buy this until it has been out long enough for the glitches to be worked out ...
 I have played many strategy/RPG games . I saw this one for the DS and picked it up despite the mixed reviews I have seen for it . It has received a large number of negative reviews , but I thought i could `` find the good '' in it and learn to love it . I was wrong . If there is one good thing I can say about Hoshigami is that it tries to be innovative and different . The magic system is something you probably have never seen before , unless you played the orignal Hoshigami on the PSone . This does n't make the magic system a good thing though . How the game lets you customize the magic system is quite interesting , but the game fails at helping you understand it . I got annoyed with the fact that I simply did not know how to work the magic system . The in game tutorials DO NOT help you with this and neither does the instruction manual.The magic system was not the only problem . There are no real classes in this game . Anyone can use magic and anyone can use any weapon . You may be thinking well so it let 's you customize each charcter the way you want , that 's a good thing right ? Well it 's not exactly what you think . You ca n't decide what stats you raise all you decide on is what weapon and what magic they use . I hate it , with a passion . You are better off buying Luminous Arc , Final fantasy Tactics Advance and the soon coming Final fantasy tactics advance 2 . Also check out Ogre Battle for the GBA . There are just so many better strategy/RPG 's out there . This one is a waste of your money .
 ITS AN ALRIGHT GAME . I GOT TIRED OF IT SO I PUT THE GAME DOWN AFTER LIKE A WEEK . TRUTH BE TOLD THERE ARE BETTER GAMES OUT THERE . JUST GET MADDEN YOU WILL BE HAPPIER .
 I recently became a big fan of several games in the `` Tycoon '' series - I really enjoy learning about , and seeing how my actions/decisions impact the feasibility of various businesses & communities . So , when I came across an offer to download `` Coffee Tycoon '' & try it out for free -LRB- for 1 hour of gameplay -RRB- , I was excited to begin another Tycoon adventure - but I wound up being really disappointed!In `` Coffee Tycoon '' you own a series of coffee shops , with your job being to manage the employees , menu , store upgrades , etc. . . to get to the point where your company has earned 1 million dollars . It 's a great concept but , with this particular game , it 's difficult to see how your choices impact what is happening . Most things appear to occur by chance - things like problems with orders , leases running up , management issues , etc. . . occur & yet these are all things that you have no control over.In all of the `` Tycoon '' games I 've played to date , you can easily see the connection between your choices & the results that occur , but in this game , the things that most impact your bottom line are things you are n't given a choice about . I found this to be quite frustrating!Now , it may be that these choices become available later on in the game , once you 've earned a lot of money - but in order to earn that money , I think it 's important to see the value of your choices from the get-go - so you can make changes along the way that will lead to increased employee/customer satisfaction , and ultimately increased profits.Overall this is the worst `` Tycoon '' game I 've played so far - I would n't recommend it .
 That 's all this game is , click the button . You make choices but have no idea what those choices mean or how they affect the game . Then you click . And click . And click . And click . Make some more random choices . And click . And click . And click . And click.I kept clicking thinking at some point the real game was going to start . But it never did . I just clicked . And clicked . And clicked . And clicked ...
 I did n't feel like I was playing a game . It seemed very random and very dull . I wanted to like it . I like most of the tycoon games and I love coffee . But , this game does n't do it . I ca n't really even call it a game . It is boring .
 First of all I want to thank the people who sent this game within 3 days . Thank you I was suprised how fast this arrived in the mail ! I was also suprised how much I did not enjoy this stuff pack . I thought I was getting more hairstyles but they only had five that were wedding styles . Its ok if you like your sims getting married and having birthday parties , but other than that you can past . This stuff pack is not necessarily needed for your Sims 2 enjoyment . I suggest H&M Fashion ! Actually I suggest any stuff pack that does not have SECROM !! Anyway thank you guys once again !
 So here we are again with a new stuff pack initially priced at $ 19.99 . I 've seen the screenshots and while it all looks neat there 's not enough of it to make it worth that price . Sorry Amazon but even your sale price of $ 17.99 is n't enough to tempt me . There 's all kind of free fan sites out there like ModTheSims2 with tons of downloads . There 's also Pronup Sims for beautiful wedding attire and accessories . Do your research , have a good anti-virus program , stick with reputable fan sites , pay attention to what and how you download and you wo n't crash your game . If a new download causes a problem , remove it ! Simple as that.Yes I do buy the stuff packs . But I do n't buy them here or anywhere else for over $ 12 . I wait until Circuit City puts the stuff packs on sale for under $ 10 . That price is reasonable for the amount of stuff included . If Amazon was willing to do that they 'd have my business . Come to think of it , I bet if EA initially dropped the retail price about $ 10 these stuff packs would literally fly off the shelves at most stores .
 I love Sims 2 but this `` Celebration Stuff Pack '' is a waste of money . I wish they would give you more than 4.5 mintues to have a party . And I wish you could invite over more than 2 guests . I think the creators probably added
 Before you think about buying this ... DONT1.THE STUFF IS STUPID AND IS ONLY GOOD WHEN THROWING PARTES.HOW MANY TIMES DO YOU THROW A PARTY WHEN YOU PLAY THE GAME ?!! 2 . YES , SOME ITEMS CAN ONLY BE BOUGHT IN STORES.BUT NOT IN THESE SILLY LITTLE STUFF PACKS.STOP BING CHEAP AND BUY THE EXPANSION PACKS FOR 100S OF NEW ITEM AND MORE OPEN POSSIBILITIES .3 . WHY BUT THIS FOR $ 17 WHICH ONLY HAS A FEW ITEMS WHEN YOU CAN GO TO A REPUTABLE FAN SITE AND DOWNLOAD MILLIONS OF STUFF FOR FREE . ?!
 Ok , so if you keep up with the Sims 2 , then you 'll know that EA has been releasing new `` Stuff Packs '' every couple of months or so , in order to compete with the ever-growing list of Sims 2 fansites out there . For those of you who are new to the Sims , let me tell you , there is a HUGE fanbase , and several sites such as ModTheSims2 , and The Sims 2 Resource , which offer quality new objects and colors for the game for absolutely free ! Why keep wasting money on these packs which add maybe 60 new items , when you can visit a fansite and download thousands upon thousands of objects that look just as good , for free ? I 've always been a big fan of the Sims games ever since 2002 , but if EA thinks that they 'll continuously get my money and support from their chain of stuff packs , then they 're wrong . I have the previous 3 stuff packs , and never will buy a forth . Even for & 10 these are a rip-off . These stuff packs barely add anything ... a few wall and floor textures ... some chairs and tables , whatever ! The point is , you can get all this stuff for free and save yourself money . Even if you 're a Sims 2 maniac like me , play it safe and stick to the basic Expansion Packs , which add more objects than the stuff packs and introduce new gameplay elements .
 I think that the SIMS have gone overboard . They are trying to cash in on what some great designers have done on the internet . Seriously you would be better off giving your $ 20 to some SIMS website that creats houses , clothing , hair , etc. . This expansion is a waste . -LRB- Time and Money -RRB- I will the would create something ORIGINAL for the game . They keep leashing out the SAME expansions that they did for SIMS1 that they are issuing for THE SIMS2 . Something original would be nice .
 After I purchased and opened this product , I have found that Macally does NOT offer updated drivers for intel based macs.Buyers beware , this will not work with your Intel based Mac .
 The iShock II WILL NOT work on Intel Macs , and per Macally ' website , they have no intention of releasing an Intel - compatible driver for the iShock II . Do n't waste your time on his product like I did .
 The driver crashes in Leopard . I had to use USB Overdrive -LRB- $ 20 shareware -RRB- to even use the device . Mechanically it is well made and has a nice feel in the hands . Too bad the software support is nonexistant .
 I should have read the reviews . If I had , I would have known this product does not work on Intel based Macs . What a waste !!!
 This DID NOT WORK on my shiny new Mac . I got 2 . I guess that makes me twice as stupid . Macally told me they 'd keep me posted if they ever produce what I thought I already had paid for . I guess thats their version of customer service . I 'll keep them posted how I feel about that by giving their products 1 star ratings . It 's good we can stay in touch with each other , is n't it ?
 First one arrived incorrectly assembled . Amazon was fantastic in getting a replacement unit to me in record time . After receiving the second unit , the drivers were terribly outdated and the device would only work properly on a few games . Was very frustrating while trying to use the iShock on X-Plane . Was marginal on Modern Combat Domination as I could only use part of the controls , could n't aim up or down , only left and right . Ended up using the X-box 360 controller with the free driver online and has worked flawlessly . I would not recommend the Macally iShock but would definitely recommend purchasing through Amazon
 NBA street volume 1 was a great game . Volume 2 was even better but volume 3 was just awful . The moves and the graphics are just not great .
 NBA Street Volume 3 was a huge disappointment . If you want an unrealistic game , get this one . The players jump 30 feet in the air when they dunk and spin 720 's at the same time . NBA Street Volume 2 is the way it should have been made .
 Graphics - LOOKS better , but the camera is worsened . Clipping still around.Sound - 9 tracks , no custom soundtrack is a disgrace ... if any other company pulled that I bet MS would strip their dev . kits . Oh yeah , the announcer is wack too . The surround sound is mediocre.Control . There is no reason not to have 3 turbo buttons when there are free buttons on the controller . The trick stick is a nice idea though even though it takes a long time to adjust to it . This game does n't have the casual appeal of the first two games.Online play - VERY slow level system . In order to sustain interest people would have to play different types of games ... well I 'll tell you the only games you 'll find that get played are normal ones . Besides that the community for this game is not big enough to hold the system EA has in place up . Most people will tire of the gameplay -LRB- which is worse , discussed below -RRB- WELL , WELL before they have any kinds of decent stats and simply quit . Also the way they have random players on your team makes little to no sense . Sure you have NBA games but it still is bogged down by poor gameplay changes.Gameplay - For one , steals are too easy and it practically ruins the game . It 's ridicoulous . Next paint camping is alive and well . Most people who make noise online have 7 ' 5 players who just sit in the court all day . EA should of make a 3 sec . violation . Next belive it or not the games shooting is n't even right . It 's almost random . One day your tall guy will sink 5/6 threes and then the next three games you 'll skinny guy will make 2/15 threes . It 's the same deal with dunks . The loft passes are stupid -LRB- getting the ball stolen right when you catch the ball is what made me sell the game -RRB- and the dunk contest is nothing more than a novelty . Finally , they changed the gamebreakers . Now strategy is goine , once you master it you can get the max points every time and the only way to stop it is mash on the steal button before they get to the paint.So in the end avoid this game , you have been warned .
 Could n't get it to work . Never took the time to exchange it , even though they were happy to do it .
 This game is seriously dated . And I do n't mean in terms of being an XBox game - I was a huge fan of Bioware 's Knights of the Old Republic , another XBox game with slightly lower production value -LRB- and lots of irritating bugs on an XBox 360 , this game is bug-free -RRB- . The problem is that the gameplay is kind of like an 80s arcade beat-em-up . There 's a quick attack button , a slow attack button , and a dodge button . OK , there 's more to it then that , and the interface is done really well , and it 's kind of like the best version of `` Streets of Rage '' that will ever be created . It 's very fun at first , but there just is n't enough depth to support more than a few hours of gameplay , and before too long it becomes a grind.Production values are very good given that it 's an original XBox game . The setting of the universe is interesting , there 's a million characters you can talk to , and they all have lots of dialogue . However it feels overly lengthy at times , and since you do n't talk yourself , dialogue feels like a talking head that pops up into the game and gives you a new quest .
 The combat was never difficult on the hardest difficulty till the end when they put massive reflect damage shields on mobs that would half kill me from 1 combo . I find this cheap since the ai was never good enough to hit me practically . . The japan culture was a failure because it was so unrealistic . The idea of open palm and closed fist was a great idea but it seems that they did n't have a single person that so much as read Shogun because none of the dialog options would be anything a self respecting samurai would ever do and the closed fist options were even worse because they were based upon american ideas of evil instead of a different path . Samurai would dishonor themselves by simply even lowering themselves to the level that most of the quests put you into . Karma was a big part of the culture but not even properly explained . . or mentioned . I expect immersive true to the experiance games from bioware and that 's what disgusted me the most from this game . I would even say that its borderline mockery to feudal japans culture.The only 2 things I can say that 's positive about this game is that the secondary chars where funny at times and the graphics are ok .
 I can not appropriately rate this game , because i have not received it yet . But looks good . I hope it is NOT a 1st person character play .
 First it took me more time at work to make the money to buy the game than to finish it ! Up yours!Second it ends on a cliff-hanger and you jerks say that you are not doing Halo 3 ! Up yours!Third one of the true gems of the first game , the pistol has been reduced in power and we get a bunch of other crappy stuff to replace it , keep the damn sword and give me halo 1 's pistol back . Up Yours three times !! Music ? Did you just copy an Enya cd into the game , terrible !! Gameplay ? Ten minutes of looking for badguys , six seconds to kill them then ten more minutes of tedium , BOOOOOOORRRRRIIIINNNG!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME , YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED ! If you have to play it a $ 6 rental is much better than $ 50 to buy and you can finish the game in the morning and still have time for a decent game like doom 3 or half-life 2 for the rest of the day.Summation
 What to compare Halo 2 to ... I would say Michigan 's football team
 After playing the game with my cousin and reading the online reviews I would have to say that this game pretty much sucked the big one . OMG , Bungie , what the hell are you thinking putting this game out there after we , the buyers , had to wait 2 + yrs to play . I mean do n't get me wrong , the graphics , the voice-over and the weapons were awesome . But , the ending ? Come on now , I saved up big time to get this and had pre-ordered months in advance to receive the `` Game of the Year '' please ! The original , Halo , beats this one in to . Also , I did n't like playing between the Convenant and as Master Chief . Pick one side and stick with it . They should make it like this
 Of course , the multiplayer is phenomenal with this game if you are lucky enough to have the online service hooked up . Otherwise , I felt that this game was not stacking up to the fist . The graphics got a major overhaul and look better than Halo1 , but Halo2 lacks all of the huge and epic major battles that we saw in Halo1 . This game would have done fine if it was just another shooter , but it surely does not offer something comparable to the original . You play as a covenant and can wield the cool sword . The game is fun , but the dissapointment of not meeting the expectations for me from the first game left me no choice than to view this game as just another shooter . Ive played the first game with a friend cooperatively on each difficutly setting all the way through and every time I am blown away by how action packed , exciting , and hair raisingly edge of your seat challenging the very end of the game was when you have to make your final escape . Halo2 had a very easy , cliche , and unmotivated boss battle with an ape with a hammer . I guess everything is explained in the special edition DVD in which the developers explain that they either had to cut tons of content for time or money purposes . This game maybe was a little rushed . It gets -2 stars for being like just any other shooter out there and another -1 for leaving me wantng to play the original more .
 did not work with me as it is for a different region and i couldnt play with it to rate it properly .
 After officially playing this game , I can say that it was a little more disappointing than anyhting . I have n't actually played the Live multiplayer , since my friend does n't have a Live connection , but the single player was only ` alright ' . I played the original on co-op with my friend when X-Box first hit the streets and at the time I thought the game was pretty cool . I did n't think it was groundbreaking or revolutionary or anything , but it was kinda fun nonetheless . This time around , it ' pretty much more of the same thing . Enter hallway A and fight bad-guys . Proceed to room B and do the same . It gets REALLY repetetive REALLY fast . Do I really need a room with eight doors when you can only really go through one of them ? Do I need the smae bland textures over and over for three hours straight . I guess there 's not a lot more to expect from a FPS , but other games have done it way better in the past , even if not as flashy . I must admit that the graphics are superb and the enemies are kind of neat , but even the new weapons were uninspiring . Basically you get the ` bad-guys ' version of sniper rifles and a few others to round out the selection , but they 're nothing to drop your jaw at . I think my biggest qualm with the game is that , despite all of their focus and attention supposedly going into the single player campaign , Bungie seemed to skip everything which has made past games good . Shorter , more varied levels would have been welcomed , but instead I 'm forced to tread through room after room of extremely similar surroundings and extremely similar enemies and firefights . The A.I. was always a cut above your run-of-the-mill fps ' , but it is still flaky at times . Enemies , while having more options and more strategies , still run into the same patterns and reactions most of the time . You 'd expect a big berzerker guy -LRB- those big guys who have the alien version of the plasma rifle - essentially the same thing , only red ... whoopdee doo . -RRB- who 's running top speed at you to at least stop once a plasma grenade it thrown and sticks to his head , but apparently not . Do n't even bother trying , because he 'll just run after you full-speed without a flinch and you 'll both end up dying . Since there is no such thing as ` true ' A.I. , this is to be expected , but you 'd assume a game being toted as the ` ultimate ' in A.I. and battle tactics to fare better than that . Another point that was a little frustrating was more often than not , me and my friend were in situations where we had no idea what to do next . With no mission objectives or goals , there were too many times where gameplay would halt to a stop simply because we had no clue where to go next . Now , we 're not the smartest lot around , but when the entire game literally consists of shooting enemies , they could have tried harder to at least make it a bit more obvious as to where the next batch of enemies were . The story is weak , but so are all stories found in games such as these.Overall , it 's a good game , but I was more than dissappointed in it , mostly due to the fact that it was hyped up to ridiculous proportions .
 Halo 2 definately falls short of all the hype it recieved . The graphics are great , but I 've seen better . The sound was great , but with such short and not all that fun campaign mode with a weak story those things really do n't matter . I had it beat on hard after playing it for a weekend . The ending is terrible and there is no real gameplay innovation that seperates it from Halo . Essentally it is Halo with new guns and vechicles . Also , a new playable covenant character is thrown in there but I hate the covenant . They are trying to whipe out the human race after all . My advice is rent before you buy , I 'm glad I did .
 I second all of the previous negative comments about this pitiful excuse for a sequel to HALO . I knew the game would never live up to all of the hype but never in my wildest dreams did I think it would suck this bad . Maybe the multiplayer makes some people happy but I loved the original HALO for the storyline and intense level play in the campaign . All of that is gone in HALO 2 . Might as well have thrown $ 50 out of the window . Run from this game , run very far away ...
 After drowning in hype , I finally gave in and played Halo 2 . If you are a Halo fanatic then you will of course like this game . However , if you are like me and were sceptical that it can be as good as all the hype , you will probably find the game repetitive and a bit frustrating . I did enjoy some of the game 's new features such as your personal energy shield that helped you stay alive longer , and the frequent save points that kept me from having to re-play levels for endless hours was also great . Unfortunately , the various levels were often repetitive , the story line is not well defined and the ending is one of the worst I have ever seen -LRB- but I guess we can all look forward to Halo 3 -RRB- . If you are looking for a single player first person adventure game I would not recommend Halo 2 . If you love the look and feel of Halo and want to go online to destroy your friends and enemies , then Halo 2 is the game for you .
 Next to `` Fable '' , this game was THE DISAPPOINTMENT of last year . Go back into a few video game magazine archives and look at what these guys promised us , but did n't even come close to delivering on.The game is so terribly flawed and mundane , that it makes the first one look even better than ever.And to make matters worse , they went all Hideo Kojima -LRB- Metal Gear -RRB- on us , and made us play as one of the Covenant . This is the second dumbest idea in video game history -- next to of course , Kojima making us play as `` Not Solid Snake '' . The multiplayer is cool for about ten hours , but after awhile you 'll be longing for the comfort-zone provided by the original `` Halo '' , and if you 're like me , you may weep at the thought of what this game could and should have been.A painfully average game at-best ... but definately not `` Halo '' .2.5 Overall . 3 for fun ONLY because of the multiplayer modes .
 I 'm a huge fan of the first Halo which I bought over a year ago for my computer and I STILL play online on a weekly basis . Sure , the story and structure of the campaign itself are lifted from the original Half Life , but as Picasso once said , `` Good artists borrow , great artists steal . '' And while Halo 's Campaign was great , the Multiplayer was even better.So when Halo 2 came out , I willingly fell into Microsoft 's monopoly trap and bought an Xbox figuring the year it would take for it to come out on my computer would be unbearable . Boy what a disappointment . Here 's why ... REASON # 1
 One of the reasons I bought an X-Brick was for the Sega titles ; I 've always loved Sega games , and it seemed that Sega was bringing out all its best and quirkiest titles to the ` Brick . In anticipation for Panzer Dragoon
 Wow . First off I have to ask every one , what is that great about this game ? Some say that its a bunch of fun to go around and shoot the crap out of things , but having played both Halo 2 AND The Punisher , the Punisher dominates when it comes to all out killing virtual people . Some people say its the storyline , the storyline really is n't all that great either when you come to think about it , I mean anyone could have pulled that out of their butt . Hmmm a huge weapon that can blow up a planet ?? that sounds familiar ... Ohhh that 's right it 's called the DEATHSTAR !!! The graphics are pretty good but I have seen better , so I would n't say they 're outstanding . The controls are pretty good as well , but basically they are the exact same controls that every other FPS shares , so its nothing new.The ONLY good thing that really came out of Halo 2 is the online but that gets SOOOOO limited , and everyone cheats or finds glitches that give them a huge advantage anyway.So lets take another look at Halo 2 . The game has a P.O.S. storyline , the graphics are less than spectacular , the control is n't great , its just standard , and when it comes to flat-out shooting people and feeling big about it , it STILL is n't that great . So whats the big deal ? After playing , seeing , and experiencing better games , Halo 2 is really just a bore . I only play it for the multiplayer . -LRB- Which was n't worth the $ 50 -RRB- .
 All we needed was Halo 1.5 -LRB- like the reviewer below said -RRB- and we would have been fine . The game is mediocre at best , and the Xbox Live sucks . You ca n't even pick the game type , or map that you want to play on . I did n't pay $ 50 for some nerds that made the game to tell me what level I -LRB- the paying customer -RRB- get to play.Now , even with a million signatures , it will never work , but just check out the link . It 's actually a petition for Halo 1.5 -LSB- ... -RSB- As I said , it wont work . But , if you sign , it could force Bungie to make Halo 3 the way it SHOULD be made , not like every other game on the market , but a unique game , like Halo was .
 For all the hype this game has attained , it really does n't stand up . Weak 1 player mode that really is nothing new . The multiplayer is good , but this is more of an Xbox Live promo piece then a revolutionary game .
 Do not get this game ! It is almost as stupid as the first . All you do is walk around for like an hour and then eventually you kill a few aliens . So , do not get this game , it will bore you to tears .
 Halo 2 is the most overrated game of all time . Ghost Recon 2 blows it out of the water . I returned Halo 2 after a couple of nights . It offers NOTHING new for a 1st person shooter.I have no clue why so many people like it so much . The online play was weak as well.Get Ghost Recon 2 , much better game , with alot less hype .
 I give it an F. Absolutely horrible . Do n't waste your money . This is a glorified expansion pack .
 THE HALO SERIES IS THE MOST OVERRATED GAME FRANCHISE EVER !!!! I HAVE NEVER PLAYED A MORE FRUSTRATING GAME ! -LRB- EXEPT HALF-LIFE 2 -RRB- HALO SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I can only think of one word to describe this game . Horrible !! The first one was much better . The storyline is the probably the most poorest story line on any Xbox game ! This game deserves -5 stars ! I 'm not at all surprised that dozens of gamers or already putting their copy of Halo 2 up for sale . Overall , this game is quite stupid . I would post the voting buttons , but I have no clue how to do that . www.bn.com is a lot easier to post a review .
 This GAme SUCKS - what an Overhyped piece of Crap - playing online is a JOKE - just tons of ten year olds that wouldnt know a good game if it hit them in thier pre-pubecent regions . DOES NOT COME CLOSE TO 1ST ONE . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This game will not go down as the best game in history probadly most over ratedIts the same as the first one !!! -LRB- microsoft must be laughing as the money rolls in -RRB- it dose deserver more than one star but not much . I really did try to enjoy it but sadly it was sooo badUr team mates sayings r sooo lame i wanted to kill them to shut them up . The game is the same all the way through . A big battle . Then u run around in pitch black tunnels . This game is way to dark it hurt my eyes and that is just bad . Its to hard to see whats goin on in 4 player and 1 player they put to much effort on graphics and u ca n't see anything.The last straw was when a team mate ran up t me and said `` follow me '' the he ran to an entrance to yet another dark tunnel and stood there ????? that is just bad . Come on i played 100 bucks for this and it was trash : -LRB- BUY THE FIRST ONE MUCH BETTER WORTH 3 stars .
 Halo : MasterChief ... what an incredibly DORKY name ! ... Master ... Chief . . Where the HELL did they come up with the name ... MasterChief ... Space Marines . Alright guys , Doom was a fun game , but It got old a FEW years ago.So , MasterChief , did Samus sell you her suit design , or did you just copy it ? By the way , did you know that Gamecube is cheaper than Xbox , and Metroid Prime costs about $ 20 less than Halo 2 ? I guess I 'll give Halo 2 stars -LSB- ... -RSB- Shoot ! Kill ! Shoot ! Kill ! Does n't that happen enough these days ?
 when i play halo online here is what happenswithin the first 5 seconds a rpg round hits they fly around like machine gun rounds and if u do get a shot threw at somone all of the `` halo elite '' will use there number one tactic JUMPING and u can jump to high . u sneek up on them they get hit with a non rpg round turn around and start jumping back they think there good they suck !! when i play kz online its awesome when a round hits close to u you hear it ricochet u can get 2 clips off with a standard rifle without being hit by an rpg round and a sniper can play well u actaully have to draw fire from a sniper then flood there position with mg rounds or morters -LRB- but they arent all over the map -RRB- so any halo fan that has somthing to say about this reaveiw say it cause halo sucks !!
 I 'm not happy because it did n't work I was supposed to get another one but they never sent it out . Still waiting for it to come .
 I was one of the many that pre-ordered halo 2 because I enjoyed the first one so much . About me and seven of my friends bought it at the midnight release and went to my buddies house where we played it all night and my friend and I beat the co-op storyline around 8 or 9 the next morning . There were some things I liked and hated about the game.Storyline
 When I first saw this game I had the impression that I might actually like it considering first person shooters are some of my favorite games . I had bought Halo originally and was unimpressed by it 's clumsy controls , uninspiring architecture and repetitive gameplay . The aliens themselves looked like something out of a computer animated saturday morning cartoon . Ok ... so after I finish the game , I think wtf was this?I thought maybe people liked it because of it 's multiplayer as I did when I played Quake2 ... -LRB- How that is even imaginable without a mouse and keyboard is beyond me . Once you get used to it it 's very , very , hard to go back . -RRB- Although I did n't get a chance to really play Halo multiplayer I figured I 'd give it a try on Halo2 . So I got this game and realized , that this was pretty much a recycled version of the first game I bought . I had registered an account with Xbox Live since i had a few months free to try it out , met some of the fanboys who swear by fact that they think xbox live is a superior gaming experience to that of a PC ... ok ... I 'm thinking hell , this better be good . I played for a while , it was interesting to say the least for a few hours , until you realize that the balance of the whole online gameplay is out of whack . Some weapons are absurdly overpowered and others underpowered leaving mostly those with the baddest weapons to dominate most of the game . Why is the rocket launcher 's blast radius so high ? Why even bother moving out of the way if you see it coming straight at you . Pretty much your dead , period . There is no dodge button , or a sprint button , why is there even a jump button ? You jump like you 're on the -LRB- ... -RRB- moon and you walk like you are in quicksand . The gameplay is pretty much mostly the same online everytime
 I ca n't believe they took so long to make such a lame excuse for a Halo sequel ! Graphics are ok during the campaign mode , but those clips in between levels are just terrible ! You see aliens talking through a square mouth and their fingers look like boxes . You ca n't understand what they say , and oh yeah , as if we did n't have enough politics on TV recently , these guys took it too far for the story line . There are three things I really liked about the new Halo . That was the double weapons , the new character , and when you jump into an enemy vehicle and beat the hell out of the alien inside . Now , so sad there are some levels where you ca n't see a thing . And those who already played the game know it , and the flashlight wo n't do a thing unless you want to see what the wall in front of you looks like -LRB- and I did , it looks like a bunch of pixels , no lie ! -RRB- The only way for you to know which way to shoot is because the target of your weapon turns red . I bought the game the day it came out , and I play it every now and then , because is too boring . I play some other games that I had for a while instead of this crappy excuse for a sequel . I would rather play my Ninja Gaiden any day over Halo 2 . Those guys at Konami really know what graphics are meant to be . Just a thought , rent Halo 2 first . You 'll thank all of us who took the time to give you these reviews .
 It was an unfinished and incomplete product . Extremely repetetive and uninspired.Who likes to play a game that ends half way through the story and in midst of battle ?! Professional game mags should be ashamed of their bogus hype .
 This game is not even close to `` the greatest game '' in the world . I feel royally screwed after reading all the great reviews in magazines and then actually playing the game . What I hate outnumbers what I like.First off , Single player mode isnt even worth your time , its as repetitive as Halo 1 , and the Objective list is pointless ... To complete an objective all you need to do is go from point A to point B . There is no back tracking , or planting a bomb . The storyline is Dull and playing as the enemy was pointless.Multiplayer mode is about the best there is in this game . However its very flawed , Only a couple fun maps the rest poorly designed . The lack of bots is really disappointing , because Xbox live just isnt all that fun , to many little whining kids.Weapon balance is HORRIBLE in this game . The sword is completely overpowered . The pistol is worthless , absolutely all of the alien weapons are completely worthless . In multiplayer mode you will normally only use duel SMGs , Sniper , Shotgun , or sword . Everything else is completely worthless.This game is graphically amazing , but I sadly it lacks character design . Metroid Prime 2 and MGS3 blow Halo 2 graphics out of the water .
 If you have much experience with Halo
 I guess if you like bad scifi and do n't mind mindnumbing stupidity this game is for you . I was told that this was great game . What a disappointment . The scenes are so chaotic that you can not follow along as to who you are supposed to be fighting , obviously the idiotic little aliens , or where you are supposed to be headed in this game.I have no problem with having to reload a weapon , but please give me a realistic amount of ammo to fight with . I also realize that you can be killed , but give me a fighting chance.I have told the person who recommended it to me to reimburse me , because this one is a waste of the money .
 I loved Halo Combat Evolved . Great game , good story line . Halo 2 has this enormous hype , I didnt even bother getting the game until juts recently ... I was disappointed . The graphics of the 1st one were sketchy in some areas like the cutscenes , but it was a little better this time.Environment was destructible which was a plus . More variety of weapons ... duel wielding is great . It sucks that you cant throw grenades , but what do you expect.The thing that made this game a disappointment was leaving Earth . Since 2 Christmases ago , I 've been reading up on Halo 2 . First they said it was going to be on Earth primarily . Not true . It was 3 levels of Earth -LRB- which were mediocre -RRB- , followed by being aliens for 2 levels , then master chief , then aliens again . I skipped through the cut scenes because they were boring . The story didnt matter to me anymore.I saw someone play a level on the cd you get from xbox magazine , and it looked amazing . I didnt see that level at all . I believe Bungie were making this amazing game , but all this hype and pushing the release date back made people angry , so they had to release what they had.I heard of all this major bump mapping , but it didnt really make much difference to me , and I 'm a 3d graphics major . I heard of a little ATV supposed to make an appearance , but didnt get to see it.All in all , I heard so much good things about this game , and halo 2 didnt deliver on half of it.The first cut scene was just too rediculous ... master chief and the bomb ... c'mon . major disappointment .
 The weapons are too big and the screen Field Of View -LRB- FOV -RRB- is too small in this version of the game.Having played many Halo Nights with friends where we connect 4 Xboxes via Ethernet to play 16 player Halo , I am REALLY DISAPOINTED with the game play in Halo 2 . It is nearly UNPLAYABLE in the tiny 1/4 screen.Sure the graphics a better but the game play SUCKS if one CA N'T SEE . I 'd rather have reduced polygon characters and less textures and have a fun , PLAYABLE game.The map selection screen also got rid of the map size information . This is also disappointing .
 Maybe I just do n't enjoy FPS 's like I used to . Maybe I expected too much . Perhaps games of yesterday that I grew up on -LRB- Diablo 2 , MGS , and Rainbow Six even -RRB- spoiled me . Or perhaps I 'm the only brave soul to offer a counterpoint to the masses ' blinded eyes.I really dislike Halo 2 . Come on , admit it . If there was no media hype , no one to talk with it about , and you played it by yourself with an open mind , you would wonder after an hour what you 're doing too . If you played good games like the old ones I mentioned or Burnout 3 , MK Deception , and Return to Castle Wolfenstein even -LRB- reinventing an old school classic , feller -RRB- maybe you 'd see the light . Halo is nothing more than another Quake 2 , another Half-Life 1 . Games that supposedly reinvented Doom 1 's formula , and made games mass market items . HA . I laugh at all you for wasting your money on these games , and ask you to pity me wasting fifty bucks on what was supposed to be `` the best game ever '' . Never will I succumb to blinded critics again . Never ! You all probably watched Titanic ten times too , and drool over Desperate Housewives and Extreme Makeover Home Edition . Not me , buddy . I judge things how I see em , not how the mass voice of media does.So for all you like me , straight seers , I recommend rethinking what games you buy . I realize this review will be assaulted by Halo lovers , but I only wish to offer a different view . My view.Peace out .
 This is a horrible sequel to the first Halo game . The screen is pitch black 99 % of the time and does n't offer any real challenges.Don ' t buy it , you 've been warned .
 HALO 2 REALLY SUX ! HALO 1 WAS AWESOME , BUT THIS ONE IS A DUD . CAMPAIGN SUX , AND THE STRATEGY GUIDE THAT I WASTED 10 MORE BUX ON IS SO CONFUSING IT LOOKS LIKE IT 'S IN CHINEESE ! IF YOU HAVE THIS GAME ON YOUR CHRISTMAS LIST , TELL SANTA TO GET HIS @ $ $ OVER TO GAMESTOP AND GET U A PS2 WITH GRAND THEFT AUTO
 Now that it has come out and the hype is over ... I think that we can all say that this game was nothing compared to what people thought it would be like . I think we all learned a valuable lesson about this , x-box sucks and it has the worst exclusive game titles
 I was shocked badly after I played this game.I got ripped off badly.I wanted my $ 80.00 back.This is my warning do n't buy this game.I warn you .
 If your a little kid , or like hanging with little kids online .
 Unless you want some fun for only a week , avoid this disappointing sequel to the truly great game
 Everything that was great about the first Masterpiece of HALO is DESTROYED in this game , it has lost all of its creativity and should have never been released . It has hard hard controls , basically redicouslously dark places , and its just highly over rated . DO NOT GET IT , this game sucks ! . The only things good about it are - Being the Covenant , and having better graphics .
 It take tons of time to load and it lages when playing it -LRB- on the oline feature -RRB-
 HALO 2 . Yep . The game EVERYONE said would be the best . The game EVERYONE said would revolutionize gaming . It revolutionized it all right . It made FPS 's everywhere feel ashamed that ONE game could be so dull . It is NO , and I mean NO different from the first HALO -LRB- which also sucked -RRB- . It has no point WHAT-SO-EVER . Point A to B -LRB- like someone on here had said -RRB- . Oh yeah , FPS 's are supposed to be shooting fun , i know , but they need a point to them , BUT NOT THIS GAME !!!! Shoot , reload , shoot some more . Vehicles give it no touch at all . You want a first person shooter , get STARSIEGE TRIBES for PC . If your PC was mad in 1999 or later , your PC can take a game 10 times better the HALO .
 Halo 2 , the sequel to Bungie 's much hyped Halo , is here , and it 's being hyped ! But I will be true , so I did n't like this game . -LRB- There , I said it ! Hate me , fanboys ! -RRB- Here 's why ... On the + side :1 . Great multiplayerIf you have Xbox Live , you 'll love this game .2 . Great soundThe music and sound effects are perfect!On the - side :1 . Bad graphicsI bet you 're ready to slap me , but they are n't really that impressive ... and during cut-scenes , they often glitch .2 . Bad gameplay `` Dual-Wielding '' is a rip-off that you will never use , due to not being able to throw grenades . There is also a major imbalance in difficulty . Easy and Normal are Pathetically easy . Heroic and Legendary are mind-bendingly difficult .3 . Really Bad storyI 'm ready to cry . I fought through wave after wave of covenant and flood and all I get is a cliffhanger ending for my troubles . Come on , Bungie . The game was short enough - you could 've easily ended the story and moved on to a new series . This is all a plan to make me buy the Xbox 360 , is n't it?Overall , while Halo 2 has great multiplayer , it fails at delivering a decent single-player experience ... but it does do what Bill Gates planned . -LRB- Xbox 360 will suceed -RRB-
 With all of the hype and anticipation for this game , I must say that I was let down by the entire experience . I will break it down into the good and bad for simplicity : The good : - Most of the weapons have been improved , and the opportunity to dual-wield is amazing . - Hijacking vehicles is fun , and adds to gameplay because you can get ` jacked too . - Very good graphics on non-HDTV screens , nice lighting effects , and great panoramic vistas . - Sound effects in 5.1 were outstanding - I could hear the elites coming up behind me - and the sound track was propulsive . - Multi-player over xBox live was simply amazing.The bad : - The story arc for Halo was a major reason for my excitement about this game . In my opinion , Bungie blew it . The story for Halo2 was weak and not cohesive . We jumped from places and purposes without really having a good picture of what was going on . Characters that seemed critical appeared in one level and were cut down the next , without providing essence to the story . If you play far enough , you will run into Audrey from Little Shop of Horrors - a real head-scratcher why Bungie chose a character that looked like that . The real surprise was when , as it feels like the story is reaching some climax , the game simply ends and credits roll . I can only speculate and hope that there will be a Halo3 to pick up where we left off . - Although the trailers and E3 gave a strong impression that the game was oriented around the defense of earth -LRB- urban warefare , etc -RRB- this is not the case . Only two levels are played on earth in the beginning . Furthermore , the demonstration from E3 is not actually a level that is played . - On the bugs side , the most important for me was that THE GAME DOES NOT DISPLAY CORRECTLY ON HDTV ! 16:9 widescreen is impossible without distortion , and 4:3 overscanned and cropped off the left and right 10 % of the picture , making it very hard to read sheilds and grenade counts , etc. . I was certain that the problem was with the system until we checked online forums and found that this is an issue that Bungie is working and hoping to have resolved in December ... so we had to move the xBox to an old TV , which displayed fine . - We played on an older xBox -LRB- unhacked -RRB- and it was pretty apparent that Halo2 was pushing all the limits on the box 's ability to show the game . On Normal , there were occasional pop-ups and enemies that would appear from nowhere , and some choppy cutscenes . But on Legendary , rendering was slow when there were lots of enemies , and lighting shading effects were compromised.After waiting 3 years , listening to the hype , paying $ 50 early , and setting aside a day for Halo2 , I am very disappointed in the end . If you jazz on the story , I suggest you rent the Limited Edition pack of the game so you can watch the DVD , which explains a lot about Bungie 's issues during development and includes scenes cut from the game . If the multiplayer mahem with added treats from Halo1 is what you want , then this is still your game.Also , make sure you stick around to watch after the credits roll .
 I just completed the game after somewhere between 8-10 hours of total gameplay over the course of two days . I feel cheated out of 50 dollars . I have n't yet tried the multiplayer aspect of this game -LRB- nor Xbox live -RRB- but the story mode was not worth it . I recommend this as a weekend rental ... The missions are nowhere as interesting or dynamic as they were in the first game . As another review mentioned , much of the levels are `` corridor-style '' , involving fighting in tight quarters which gets old fast . I kept playing expecting something better , but the only thing that came was the credits and the end of the game . Though I have n't played on it , I think this may be an attempt to push Live , because the story mode seems premature .
 I loved Halo . From the moment I picked it up it `` spoke '' to me like no other game ever has . And , I 've been playing video games since pong . For 2 + years me and my friends would spend EVERY weekend playing online using XBC . Even with all that game play , it never got boring for us . Normaly , when I play a game and beat it , it then goes to the shelf to sit next to the rest of the games to collect dust . Even games that are fun to play online have never kept my attention for more than a couple of months.So , when I tried out Halo 2 , I was vastly dissapointed . I felt like I was playing another sega of the Unreal franchise . Master Chief has new low gravity jumps . Multiplayer now has gravity pads . You no longer take damage when falling from up high . Part of the strategy of Halo multiplayer was using objects to break your fall . The new weapons that I will talk about shortly make for a much faster game with a `` spray and pray '' feel to it . I thought I was buying Halo . Had I wanted Unreal , I would have just bought Unreal . Part of Halo 's charm for me and many others was the fact that it was n't Unreal or Quake . It was a skill based shooter that stood on it 's own.I had a few problems with the campaign mode . It was very dark compared to Halo . I do n't mean sinister , just dark . Not very many bright sunny days in Halo 2 . It was rather short . And they did things with the plot that I could have done without . But , even with this said it was alright.The major problem for me is the multiplayer . The multiplayer is where replayability is a huge factor . When my friends and I played Halo for 2 + years , we did n't sit around playing the campaign over and over . The main problem are the new weapons . They have removed or changed EVERY single weapon in the game . The weapon that made Halo what it was , the pistol , is no longer . This would n't have been all that bad , but no good substitute is offered . They said that they did this for `` balance '' . But , when everyone has a pistol , there is n't a balance or overpowered issue . After all , you need some weapons more powerfull , or you might as well just only have one weapon for the whole game . Now they have a sub machine gun as the mainstay . It 's a very weak weapon with a very short range . So instead of playing and shooting and having fun , I now have to chase people down to get into range . That , or wait around for a couple of minutes for a decent weapon to spawn . The plasma rifle no longer `` freezes '' an enemy . The physics of the rocket have changed and the splash damage has been reduced . The grenades have been toned down to being almost worthless . Even the sniper rifle is a little different . There are a couple of new mid ranged weapons , but at mid range you 'll be lucky kill your target in a full clip . The new weapons worked fine in multiplayer , but do n't translate for multiplayer . By making such a severe change in the weapons , they also made a fundemental change in the game play . It is no longer a mid ranged shooter , it is now a short ranged shooter . This is another reason it gives Halo 2 that Unreal and Quake feel . Halo 2 offers duel wielding where you can use a single hand weapon in both hands . This was a novel idea , and tried with other games before . The problem I have with it is that most of the weapons seemed toned down to force you to use duel wielding . You ca n't swing a dead cat around without hitting some ammo for a duel wieldable weapon . But any medium range weapons you 'll be scrambling to find ammo.And there are a couple of new vehicles . They are fun , but my problems are in the changes to the vehicles we already had . Now you can board vehicles and they take damage . No more shooting a person out of a warthog as it drives by with your flag with your spawn weapon . Now you pretty much have to blow the whole thing up . GOOD LUCK ! And well timed grenades no longer flip them over or stop them . Now you 'll just do some damage to it instead as they drive by . And a persons shields are directly involved in when the vehicle is destroyed . You could shoot a rocket launcher at a Wraith tank and wait for the persons shield to recharge . Well , after 40 rocket launcher shots you would think it would be ready to explode , but no . Running someone over in a vehicle is much hard . I have hit people head on and simply bounce them off my vehicle about 100 feet without killing them . Boarding a vehicle is a novel idea , but a good player wo n't get into range of you.I could go on , and on , and on . All I have to say to end this is , try it before you buy it . They had 1.5 million pre-order sales on the first day . Not because Halo 2 was good , but because Halo was good . Those 1.5 million people had n't even tried the game . I too was one of the unlucky . I fell for the hype and thought Bungie would make a quality game worthy of the name Halo . I was wrong .
 I sat back with such anticipation waiting and waiting for something that Bungie promised would be the best game of the year . . man what a disappointment . Yes , alot of the new freatures rocked ; however , I do not think that the story line really needed to have you playing both Master Chief and covenant . If they really wanted that they could have done two completely differnt stories giving you the option to choose what side to play . There is definitly no replay value here `` unless you go live '' . The first HALO had so much replay value , and not because it was there first ... just because it was an all around awesome game . The second one just seems to be lacking and missing something ... OH ! and the ending . . do not get me started there ... if XBOX Next -LRB- 2 -RRB- decides that they are not going with backward compatibility and make HALO 3 for only the next gen system , then I can see alot of people getting quite ticked off and not supporting XBOX NEXT -LRB- 2 -RRB- . So unless you have XBOX Live . . do not waste your money ! ... the online features rock ! .
 I second all of the previous negative comments about this pitiful excuse for a sequel to HALO . I knew the game would never live up to all of the hype but never in my wildest dreams did I think it would suck this bad . Maybe the multiplayer makes some people happy but I loved the original HALO for the storyline and intense level play in the campaign . All of that is gone in HALO 2 . Might as well have thrown $ 50 out of the window . Run from this game , run very far away ...
 Halo 2 is n't bad if you have n't already beaten Halo 1 . It has the exact same story line and you are still dealing with the flood . Halo 2 is just an enhanced version of Halo 1 in a different environment . It gets very boring if you 've already beaten Halo 1 .
 Sadly , this one does not deserve to share the same name as the first . Halo one was a long and fantastic story . Halo 2 is so short , it can be finished in a matter of hours , and I am not even that good at it . There was really no innovation to Halo 2 over Halo . Forget the demos may have seen , they left 90 % of that out of the final release . I remember a demo where you ran through a city shooting at Covenant tanks as they circled shooting at buildings and armies of humans . As you came running out of a building your were forced to turn and speak to another soldier , who told you to head down to another wounded soldier . Where did that all go ? It was like they cut the story so short and everything they planned include , in order to purposely create a Halo 3 . Could this be a pathetic release to wet your appetite for Halo 3 on XBox Next ? If it is , they are going to loose alot of loyal fans . Word on the streets is this one is going down the tubes fast.Come on guys , give us a game worthy of your talents . Otherwise no matter how good Halo 3 might be , you will have fans turned against you .
 HALO 2 , perhaps the most over hyped sequel of all time.The game fails to deliver on anywhere near the level the first HALO did.Sure , it adds a few nice features but it takes away far more and some of the old bugs are still there.Items can still slide under others and mysteriously vanish . Marines now sometimes vanish even in mid combat , and not by being destroyed.There is a far shorter campaign game than before.There are a lot more times where you just sit and watch an uninteruptable cut scene.Some weapons have minor improvements . The Battle Rifle is arguably superior to that Assault Rifle due to the scope and the small burst fire , but for serious action it is deficient to even the old AR.The pistol has had it 's scope removed and is weaker than before , as is the shotgun , and with lower ammo capacity as well.The rocket launcher has a virtually useless tracking feature which turns so poorly it only makes things worse.Dual weapons can be marginally fun but you lose the use of grenades , which are still ridiculously limited to 4 of each type as if your suit had special pockets for each type or something lame like that.Vehicles are nice in a way now that they are all destroyable but they took away the damage indicator so you now have to guess from the appearance , which you rarely see well enough.To sum up , the game seems more like an advertisement for HALO 3 or XBOX live than anything else .
 let me just say that xbox suck -LRB- check my other review on the xbx console -RRB- halo 2 is a ripoff of the first , i must agree with mark saying that the old halo and the new halo 2 , that halo 2 i would n't play over again , and halo 1 i totally would . but that just my opinion . first off who keep a darn about playing a conventent elite?okay i hate this game , so im not going to review it as long as my other reviewhere are the pros and con of this game : pro
 I was seriousally let down by this release . I manage a gaming cafe , and we held a release party for the title . We played for six hours straight , exploring most every game type available , and I was totally not impressed.The weapons are unbalanced and awkard . Whomever mentioned the star wars syndrome of dozens of useless weapons was right on target . Duel weilding is amusing , but it 's nothing uniquie . The graphics are substandard , and this defintally shows that the hardware of the xbox is offically outdated and too limited for a game of this type . Maps all feel rushed , weapon placement is very very poor , and i 'm just very happy I dind ' t buy a copy for myself personally.It 's just like Halo . Graphics look a bit sharper , but nothing compared to UT2K4 . Gameplay modes are amusing , but nothing compared to UT2K4 . The whole thing feels like a tired rehash of the original halo engine .
 THIS WAS THE WORST GAME I EVER PLAYED I MEAN PLEASE YUR SUPPOSE TO BE WITH THE HUMANS SAVING THE EARTH AND WHAT DO YOU GET ?? , ONLY 2 SHORT LEVELS ON EARTH THAT BOTH SUCKED THE REST OF THE GAME YOUR JUST A STUPID ALIEN KILLING FLOOD AND OTHER STUPID ALIENS.THE GRAPHICS HAD SO MANY GLITHCHES THAT IN 1 LEVELS I LOOKED AT ONE OF MY TEAMATES HEADES AND HE DIDNT HAVE A FACE . I BEAT THIS GAME THE DAY AFTER I GOT IT AND I WAS DISSAPOINTED
 the first time I played it when it was called Turok . I will never understand the obsession with First Person shooters . They are all the same and Halo is no different . Ohhh , you get to drive in a vehicle , been there done that in the 80 's and 90 's . Just like Eminem , it 's tired folks , move on .
 this is probally the most overhyped game to date . a rushed cash in . a collosal failure by bungie . and one of the poorest excuses for a first person shooter single player campaign in history . the game starts out with you defending a space station . it looks pretty good with the opening be quite decent . it looks better the next two levels . youll be encountering a desert covered with droves of conevant . than a fast paced war against the conevant on the city streets . the first 3 levels made me feel wow this game is good . unfortanetly the first 3 levels theyre are 15 levels in all comprize an hour of gameplay tops . when theyre over the game begins to fall apart at the seams . youre then expected to play as the conevant . which is the worst idea in video game history . not only is the story then tailored toward the conevant in every way . but it completely takes the focus off of master cheif and the fight for humanity prescence . the game started off with a brilliant premise idea of defending earth . they throw that in the trash for conevant levels ? get ready for awful level design as you struggle trough the tiny several inch corridors . the indoor level design seemed a bit annoying in the first halo . in this game though its just plain AWFUL . since the majority of the game is spent indoors . the brownish and tan rooms are not only hideous to behold but confusing like a needle in a haystack . because the horrid level design means that youll freqeuntly get lost and will not be able to tell which way is witch . you wont be able tofind where you have to go often . aside from playing 65 percent of the game in awful corridors playing as an elite . what other bad things can be said bad or not good about the game ? well its story which will have to go down as the worst story ever in a first person shooter . and thats really saying something . it ends with a cliffhanger ending . adleast thats what they would like you to belive . but the actaul ending is one of the most shockingly bad endings ive ever seen period . it ends with your elite fighting a brute . shortly after the commander and cortana have a 1 minute talk . master cheif is breifly shown in a ship . what the hell are you doing ? cheif is asked . finishing this war he replies . the game ends on that note without any satisfactory conclusion or resolution . it ends on an unsatisfactory note that will make any halo fan scream with disapointment . i myself nearly lost a lung . the story is so reprehensibly bad youll undoubetly feel betryayed by bungie . and after three years theres no reason for such an incomplete ending . that feels as if it were bungies attempt to create an ending before a 2 minute timer buzzed . graphically the game isnt the masterpeice some would have had you belive . there are graphical glitches in the game . the framerate sometimes will have noticeable dips . but the cutscenes are simply horrendus . when characthers are talking on screen you can see very noticeable jagging on textures . the enviorements in the begining of the game look quite nice . but when youre playing as the conevant halo 2 ranks within the ugliest games on xbox . halo 2s story troughout the game also has way too many shortcomings . the action itself is about as solid as it was in halo . but there are no improvements in gameplay . its basically the same intense combat against aleins . shoot melee attack then watch theyre body fly with a grenade . however if youre looking for veichles . halo 2 has some really great veichular seqeunces with lots of explosions . the dual weilding feature is also a nice touch but the only dualweildable weapon i found especially useful was the smg . halo 2 is good in some ways . but it just felt rushed . it lacks the cohesive imiganation enthralling story captavating locations and entertaining seqeunces that made halo 1 such a pheonominal game . this 6 hour poorly designed fps has some entertaining moments and context to it . it also has some great gameplay at times . but throw in the mazes of frustration and a story that will brake your heart after you realized youve only been playing a few measily hours . and youll agree this is a less than satisfying expereince . one youll blaze trough and probally forget about .
 This game is absolute trash . In fact the whole Halo series is trash . The whole idea of an inter-galactic warrior batteling space creatures is a dumb idea . I played all of the games in the series and after 10 minutes with each of them I wanted to gauge my eyes out . Wht do n't you go out and buy a real game like Saints Row , Call of Duty , Rainbow Six , or any other game that is n't this.If you even think about buying this you might as well throw your money into a fire and watch it as it slowly burns .
 The Legendary level is way much harder than Halo 1 . The game is also boring I quit playing after a couple hours .
 This game is horrible . It takes very little skill . I have n't played this game in bout 3 months and I can still beat anybody that faces me . One of my friends is on halo-pros . com and I can still compete with him . The game gets very old very fast . Yeah sure you can snipe , stick ppl , no-scope from across the map , but you know what that proves ? That your a lazy hobo that sits there all day playing Gaylo 2 . You want a game that never gets old and takes a lot of skill ? You buy Splinter Cell Chaos Theory .
 What is wrong with this game ! people are all `` it is cool '' but really it stinks . I mean what is so `` fun '' about going around and killing things.i hear my friends say `` the blood is blue '' that is just sick this M rated game turned my friends into jerks because they got all violent . I went to my friends B-day party and thay played this all night ! idid not even pick up the controller ! I wanted to go home ! so dont mess up your brain !
 This is the worst game I have ever , EVER , played in 15 years . This is just the biggest pile of steaming crape that i have ever seen . I would rathe rip my tounge out and eat it then play this mind numbing trash .
 This is by far the worst game ever . I will only beat it 5 more times ... Tonight . It is short , so short i beat it in an hour and a half . I have 3 preordered copies
 I hate blood . This is the worst game I played in my gaming career . Those who thinks Master Chief is unbeatenable , YOU ARE ALL WRONG IDIOTS . MetalSonic can rip him up -LRB- by copying all of his powers and abilities . He has that ability . -RRB- into shreads . That simple . He copies the power and the ability they can do , mix it into the power of chaos and KABOOM . Your done . Not even Kirby can kill him . I 'm going to rip this game into shreads .
 Halo 2 is even worse than Halo 1 . Halo 2 is more unrealistic than the first . The vehicles are mainly the same and the guns are a little different . If you didnt like the firt Halo dont buy this because it is even stupider . They should have changed the name because it sounds like a game for girls . The grafics havent gotten better . If you like realistic shooting games get Conflict Veitnam . It is very realistic and theres 14 missions and over 40 weapons .
 This game is a matter of comparison . It 's SP , compared with its predecessor , is complete garbage . You get about two levels in , and you start to wonder why you are still holding the controller . If you want to keep up with the story , then play the SP game , and pay close attention , as it is rather complex . If you do n't plan to get H3 and finish out the story line , then you probably wo n't have the patience to finish the game.As for the MP , it is better than the first one . Which is not to say it is good , as the balance factor is terrible -LRB- battle rifle , plasma pistol , rocket launcher , and sniper rifle - thats it , the only worthwhile guns in the game , roughly in order of importance -RRB- . The only more unbalanced online shooter I have played in recent memory was ... well ... Halo 1 . Overall , it is only valuable as a segue between Halos 1 & 3 . Otherwise , avoid it , its not worth the time .
 Well , I 'm quite dissapointed . I completed the game in little more than one week on Easy -LRB- playing it for an average of one and a half hours a day -RRB- . The story is expanded from the original Halo , but what happened ? I know its more about the problems in the Covenant with those who wan na destroy Halo and those who do n't , but you play as an Elite for more of the game than you do as Master Chief . The multiplayer is the only good thing , but I do n't have X-Box live , so , for me , the game is a bit of a let-down . A bad thing is only carrying two weapons , so if you decide to take a rocket launcher and a pistol , you are gon na die . Grunts are now harder to kill because of the crappy pistol . I mean Halo 's pistol was awesome ! It had everything you wanted ! A 2x sniper zoom and it was powerful ... one shot to an elite 's head with the zoom and he was dead . The Marine AI is smarter and they take vehicles now , but they seem to be dumber when using weapons while they 're on a vehicle . But now , in two player co-operative , a player can not jump on the side of the Scorpion tank - they could in Halo 1 . Also , the marines are n't as `` chatty '' as they were in Halo . In Halo , there once was a classic moment in one of the last levels ... My Co-Op partner and I had just escaped a building infested with Flood . A bunch of marines were dropped down to help fight off the last of the flood outside of the building . A marine crouched down behind another marine -LRB- what a wimp - and the crouched marine had a shotgun -RRB- so my partner and I took a `` defensive position '' behind the crouched marine -LRB- okay , we were hiding too -RRB- . Suddenly there was a Boom and the marine fell down dead . It was the crouched marine 's shotgun ! The dead marine said `` Hey ! Cut that out ! '' and the shotgun-wielding marine said `` Whoops ! My Bad ! '' . Now , tell me honestly , does that ever happen in H2 ? No . Thats the kind of stuff Halo 2 is missing . And who the heck wants to play as an Elite ? A grunt - maybe , because I like the grunts ! A jackal - why , they 're weak . A hunter - thats more like it ! A prophet - probably not as good as playing as a hunter , but probably good.Sorry Bungie , but I think you are ripping people off of their money . Hopefully you 'll do better with Halo 3 ...
 Without this game there would be no more X-Box . Microsofts superior game machine would have gone the way of Dreamcast and that would have been to bad . But all I have to ask is WHY ? I think this is one of the most over rated , under whelming , over hyped games ever . period.The Level design is awful ... There is a radar but no map , I spent half my time back tracking and trying to decide what identical hallway to walk down only to realise I 'd been there before . The mission objectives are vague and unintersting.The character design and mythology of Halo is at best the sort of thing a 13 year old high school art student would doodle on the back of his note books in Algebra . I mean gorillas with ARMOR ?!! Everything is so colorful , it feels like I should be hopping on Yoshi 's back and shooting koopas and shy guys . And the story line reminds me of some throw away Sci Fi channel series starring a washed up 80 TV icon . All the dialog is this awful self referential `` humor '' , if you did n't LOVE halo 1 then you either wont get or wont care about all the constant idiotic banter . I assume it 's supposed to make you feel like a bad ass for getting all the inside jokiness , but it just felt like an excuse for bob odenkirk and dave cross to get a chance to play an early build of halo . And the ending , jesus . It is such a marketing ploy . there is no game here ... it 's like the matrix ... they are laughing at us ... they know they could put anything in this game and fan boys would love it . but it does n't go anywhere it just ends . it says we know you will buy halo 3 suckers ... and we will put as much half assed effort into that game.The only redeeming factor is the multiplayer , which is GREAT . totally fun . mindless fun . But that does n't make up for paying 50 bucks ... they should have just re released halo 1 with X-Box live support becasue that 's really all this game is . and online expansion pack.Half Life 2 is an amazing life chaning FPS . Consoles still suck wind when it comes to FPS gaming . halo 2 is fast and smooth but it only shine in multiplayer ... and even then its just more of the same . In a time when Half Life 2 is leading the way with outstanding interaction and gripping story telling , Halo 2 's weak sauce story and lame , lame , lame gorrilas with helmets just do n't cut it.If you want to have a frag fest with your drinking buddies halo 2 is a good game . but I just do n't see what all the fuss is about . Halo 2 is a dime a dozen sci fi yawn-a-thon .
 4 one thing ithink this game is bad and boring . I bought it thinking it would be good like aminal crosing or pokeman , but i was wrong . U shoot and hurt witch is just not good . the only good part is when mario comes in and beats the bad guy . though it is verry educational and teaches math and and english , its just not worth getting . i sudgest good games like pokeman dass and aminal crossing .
 grand theft auto is way better yo.there 's a boy in my school name brandon , he says halo is better hahahahahahahaha
 THIS GAME IS MUCH TOO VIOLENT AND INSENSITIVE FOR FIDDIES !
 i do ` nt have this game but my freind sed it was bad so i do ` nt like it
 I bought this game for my 14-year-old niece , Annabel , based on the recommendation of the gentleman at the local `` Electric Boutique '' store . Given the strength of his praise , I would have expected the game to at least function . But my 14-year-old niece 's computer could n't play it , even with a Pentium Hard Drive.This is disgusting , un-Christian behaviour typical of Microsoft . If they want my continued support as a customer , they 're going to have to start testing their products .
 Shame on you Jason Jones , shame on you Bill Gates . If any one ever wondered what would happen if the `` first to market at any cost '' approach of M$ would interfere with the creativity and commitment to great gaming that Bungie has shown over the last 15 years , then look no further ; this is abortusWareYou get to play alternatively as Master Chief and an Elite . Wage battle after battle -LRB- yawn -RRB- for ... uh the fun of it . What is fun again ? Slaughter creatures for a couple of hours and then watch the game end in mid sentence . Why would anybody want to play a half game ? You will stand up and say `` I think I 'll empty the cat litter box '' . I have followed Bungie since 1990 ; I have played through the Marathon series , ONI , and the original Halo . Each of these games was fantastic . They kept you thinking between waves of frags . Each was a breath of fresh air.I sold my copy of HALO 2 right after I played it . Get the message ?
 This game sucked ! I am probably the only one who feels this way . If you like playing the original Halo , then just keep playing it . The differences in the two games are minimal . And Halo 2 has what is possibly the worst story EVER ! The whole game was just an advertisement for Halo 3 . Which will probably only be available on the next generation of consoles . 10 out of 10 my eye ! Just because it is a sequal to a great game , does not mean it 's a great game . So if you like a big let down of a story with hardly any changes between games then get this game . Or you could play the original , and avoid the suck .
 The gameplay was great , but the story sucked . It was dumb and messed up . Playing as the covenent was different ... but it was weird . The Game is a HUGE LET DOWN compared to Halo . The only good that came from it was the Multiplayer -LRB- halo multi . was better though -RRB- and the fact that they must create a better and new Halo game after that abrupt screwed up eniding . RENT IT DONT BUY IT .
 I would write a proper review about this game but i have not been able to play it . the reason why is because if yo have an xbox 360 slim like me you need a hard drive to play original xbox games .
 The screen would sometimes freeze the background so it would have that faint image wherever you look . It was annoying .
 All I got was the collecters edition disc not the game itself and the metal collecters case wich was scratched to hell
 halo 2 is arguably the most hyped game to date . unlike most people i dont expect everything to live up to its hype . i do expect things to live up to there hype to some degree . unfortunately halo 2 dosent live up to the hype at all . i was a huge fan of the first halo and liked that game much better than this . when you pop halo 2 into your xbox and start playing . your first reaction will definitely be wow this game is great . while it delivers rock solid action halo 2 dosent consinsitly impress me the way the first did . i was enjoying halo 2 heavily until one thing happended . i had been playing the game for 2 hours and realized i was already on the last level . the level took me a good hour to beat . but overall halo 2 is only a 3 - 3.5 hour game . when i beat the original i clocked in at 10 hours and 30 minutes . making halo 2 about one third as long as its predecessor . also the weak storyline dosent help matters either . there is a lot of good things about halo 2 as well . it has solid action . it consinsitly delivers amazing special effects . it has really good graphics . but the disapointing storyline lack of originality and 3 hour length hold it back quite a bit . halo 2 is definitely an enjoyable ride while it lasts . but at 3 hours its hard to recomend this as a purchase . youd be much better off renting it . youll beat it and get tired of it in 2 days . i gaurantee it . just rent it youll be glad you did .
 I like the ocasinal shooter game . Halo 2 is one shooter game for me is not fun . I did n't enjoy this game as much as I would of . The graphics are amazing but the controls were too hard . If you like the first halo get this game . But I 'll get Day of Reckoning .
 The story line sucks , the graphics suck , and I could go on and on about the bad things about this game . It took this long to make a terrible game ? Wow . The only good thing about this game is a facial expressions . Overall , this game is very upsetting .
 You got to be kidding me . It took 2 years to develop this game when it carries the same basic principles as the first Halo . Atleast GTA series is different in many aspects as apposed to this boring title . First off , the game is way to easy . Hardly any changes in overall game play . This game is 99 % hype and .5 % joke and .5 % fun . Second , I 've run into graphic and image overlays and significant stutering during game play . Graphics are improved but still very much similar to Halo 1 . I was able to find this game for 39.99 at a local computer store . Its not worth it . Maybe 29.99 or possibly a rental , but certain not for a purchase . If you look passed the hype , the game is nothing more than Halo 1 packaged as Halo 2 . With this joke , maybe the rumors are true that MS may back out of the gaming environment ...
 I think this game sucks because it 's too short and A friend of mine told me it was n't all that good and it took Microsoft like 3 years to make Halo 2 and then it turns out to be a major disapointment ! I mean it took Valve 6 years to make Half-Life 2 , and Nintendo has a game that they are making right now but it 's been Delayed until April 2006 -LRB- which everyone knows it The Legend of Zelda The Twilight Princess -RRB- It may take the company 6 years to make the new Zelda game . So anyway if you guys are interested in buying a game from Microsoft buy Halo 1 , Fable , Dungeon Siege but not Halo 2 !
 Halo 2 has no realistic wepons and come on fighting creatures that dont exist . this is complete rubbish and is easy to get board of and the makers sell it for 50 bucks . It is not even worth 50 cents . it is worthles and is a comlete waist of money .
 Terrible game , takes no skill , play Halo CE , Halo 2 is a disgrace to the halo name .
 boring . . though the first few lvls were good . . the online multyplayer is fun but this review aint bout xbox live . I really liked the look of the demo from halo 1 where there in the city and there shooting vehicles and stuff what happened to that . AND WHAT TOOK SO LLLLOOOOONNNNNNGGGG to make . thew graphics rnt even that great . any rpg would best this halo . the other halo was soooo much better . and when is halo 3 coming out , in 20 yeas i bet . my advice only get this game for multyplayer
 This toy sucked because when i got it it burst into flames and they would n't give my money back so i ran around their store crushing stuff so this toy is bad so do n't buy it until it is cheaper .
 1 . Graphics
 I was extremely dissapointed in this game . I loved the first on , but in Halo 2 the creators made the game too complicated which ended up making the game not nearly as fun as the first . The first Halo was revolutionary but the 2nd Halo is boring to me . My friends after all of us bought Halo 2 we got together and played Halo 1 over Halo 2 because all of us did n't like the game . The guns suck in this game too . The pistol and machine gun suck . I own both a ps2 and an xbox and i have to say that killzone is way better than this game . So get killzone .
 so u played the first game and thought it was great and u want to repeat that gaming experience . well forget about it halo 2 is the biggest let down this year . Its game play is slow views are obscured and the story is not fully explained . throughout this game u feel completly helpless as the characters seem 2 lack involvent in the story line and compared 2 the first game play is no longer that 6-8 hours . Although graphics can be inpresive over periods of time u do feel that the game was rushed and because of this u feel let down by bungie .
 I bought this game after playing Halo 1 . It is simply nowhere near the hype . It 's nowhere near Halo 1 . I used to play Halo 1 quite a bit . My brother and I spent many an hour playing it . We were looking forward to this release and were sorley disappointed after playing only 5 minutes . We thought `` Maybe it get better . Let 's give it a chance . '' And we did . But it was just boring . It was slow , there were glitches in the graphics , my biggest complaint is the weapons . They are all leveled so none of them -LRB- aside from the RL -RRB- feel like an advantage . You do n't feel powerful carrying any weapons -LRB- even the RL and powersword -RRB- . They carry no wieght . Nowadays we do n't play either Halo much anymore . We would probably play Halo 1 still if there was anyone left on xbc , but the online playability -LRB- which we tried and still the game managed to suck -RRB- and the complete noob-catered flavour of Halo 2 drew everyone away from the only place with good competition for Halo 1 . I guess it 's better now . I have no desire to waste any time on either one . Though if they ever make Halo 1 xbox live compatible , that might change .
 I think the first one is better than the Sequel because Microsoft and Bungie should 've done a better on makingThe Game so what my opinion is that I think Halo
 Let me summarize this game for you
 this has to be one of the most overated games ive ever played . everybody has such wonderful things to say about it i dont know why though . my first impression of the game was that it was awesome . for a very very breif amount of time halo 2 has you defending earth itself from room after room of conevant attacks . unfortunately the game then reveals a terrible secret . you have to play most of the rest of the game as the CONEVANT . from there on in not only does the game completely take you away from earths defenses . but also gives you some of the most horrible storyline seqeunces ive ever seen . the game starts off with a wonderfully atmospheric saving earth theme . that felt oringinal and enjoyable at the same time . but bungie decided to throw this idea neck first in the trash for some more crappy level design . from there on in youll find yourself playing an elite called the arbiter . the game completely starts to fall apart at the seams . level design is apsolutely terrible . providing little tiny ugly corridor crawls that lack any sort of graphical appeal . youll start seeing more and more of this as the game goes on . because the whole damm thing is really a crappy corridor crawl . youll also be engaged into some terribly uncomfortable combat particularly against flood members . words cant describe how frustrating it is pounding droves of little flood with 10 grenades and several fuel rod gun shots only to find there still abudantly flowing . speaking of weapons youll be limited only to alein weapons because your playing as the conevant . another stupid thing . when you find human weapons youll go crazy with them . but youll scream with frustration once you find out that you still have hundreds of frustrating flood to bash with merely a plasma pistol or plasma rifle . the best alternative is a needler particularly when dual weilded because it carrys twice the power of halo 1s needler . so those frustrating moments in this tdisapointing game see m a bit less rigid . the cutscenes are also terrible . with noticable fill in and glitches . as the framerate relentlessely jumps from high to low resolutions . the ability to dual weapons is also no big deal because the only weapon that is effective to dualweild is the smg . the rest are plasma pistol rifle and magmum which disapontingly replaces halo 1s zoomable pistol . while the action is intese a lot of the game this cant make up for all the shortcomings in the level design which bash you over the head from early on when you leave earth to the rest of the game . halo 2s ending is probally the worst ending of any xbox game . it ends with a reprehensably bad and unsatisgfying cliffhanger ending that will make halo fans scream in disapointment . shortly after your playing as the elite at the last level . elites and brutes arent getting along . they fight then you see cheif . commander says WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING CHEIF . he says finishing this war . the game ends on that note without any resolution or understanding . the whole thing was poorly wrapped up particularly the ending which was more of an advretisement for halo 3 than anything else . the campaign is also about an embarasingly short 6 hours . so you can see halo 2 is not the perfect game its cracked up to be . the ACTAUL GAMEPLAY ASPECT IS FUN . BUT ITS BURIED UNDER A LOAD OF CRAP . bungie you really screwed up this time . blah blah blah said bungie makers of halo 2 . blah blawh if a game dosent entertain us in five minutes we stop playing them said bungie . while i have played games that entertained me in five minutes but this game is not one of them . so go screw yourselfs . people if you want this game rent it before you buy .
 1st person shooters are great great games , however Halo 2 does not deliver in comparison . Games like Kill Zone , Red faction , and even the James Bond videogames are more fun than Halo . In games like 007 Nightfire , people could do crazy things like drive mini helicopters in multiplayer mode and shoot bazooka 's and control where the missile ends up . Halo 2 does n't have anything extroadinary . For real good 1st person shooters , buy a PS2 , a multitap , and some extra controllers . Then go to your local Target and purchase either Medal of Honor , SWAT , Red Faction 1 or 2 , any Bond game , or Killzone . Then enjoy real fun 1st person shooter action in split screen mode with your friends because playing all these game like Halo online will ruin your social life and thats no good . Playing games all the time instead of goin out over peoples houses is bad enough so at least have some people over to play with you .
 the only thing worth playing this fun but pointless game is multplayer and online . other than that this game is terrible . i wasted $ 40 on this . i should have bought a barbie game . it is just that terrible.p.s . i never played this game
 Halo 2 has got to be the most overrated game of all time . People say that they love it and it 's the best game ever , but what 's fun about running around and shooting people ? Just a few good things about the game take the world by storm , and it 's annoying.The multiplayer component , the graphics , the vehicles , and that 's all . The game requires barely any skill either , you can beat Legendary mode real easy , unless you 're that bad at the game . No challenge , no reason to be the best game of all time , the storyline is really unoriginal -LRB- wow , an alien invasion , how many times has that been implemented into a storyline ... -RRB-
 This is for single player only . I really like the first Halo , and still play it often , but I find Halo 2 to be a disappointment . The game is way too short , I finished it in only a few hours . At first I thought I had only completed one level , but much to my surprise it was the whole game . They also ruined some of my favorite weapons . The needler , one of my favorites , is now practically useless . Never had a need for , or an opportunity to really use the sniper rifle , another favorite . The Banshee controls have been made way too difficult to use . I really enjoyed using the Banshee in the first game , but flying one in this game is a pain . Banshees also can not hover or hold position , another pain . The play is also limited as far as where you can go and do , you do n't have the same room to move around as in the first game . I was shocked to change from the master chief to a covenant part way through the game . This really destroys the whole game purpose , Earth against Covenant . I really have no interest in the Covenant side of the story , and feel the long Covenant story lines waste valuable fighting time . I was also disappointed in the levels of play , as the most difficult level is easier than in the original Halo . And the ending is a joke , as it happens practically in mid-battle . I also do n't like that there are too many female characters . There are so many female voices you can barely tell which one is cortana , which effectively eliminates her character from the game . You simply do n't have the one-on-one interaction with cortana that made the first game so compelling . The first time I played this game I kept expecting more , but it never came . Overall the game has excellent graphics , is entertaining , and is worth buying . But after playing in through a few times I have lost interest . Whereas I still play the original , which after a year or so is still fun . I sort of wonder if the game programmers got caught up in the hype from Halo and forgot premis of the first , thinking a wild story line and better graphics are more important than substance . This game is not really worth $ 50 , I would wait to buy until prices come down .
 We played the first Halo as often as possible -- easily logging thousands of hours since the first release . Every weekend , at night during the week through system link -- I know everyone gets the picture . We were so amped up about Halo 2 because of the thought of new maps , some new guns , vehicles . We so eagerly anticipated the game , we pre-ordered it through a gaming company in Austin and waited in line at Midnight to get it.My best friend is an engineer and I am a builder - we dont play any other games on XBox , nintendo , PS2 -- nothing - We would NEVER consider ourselves gamers excpet for this game . we decided to take off work on Tuesday -LRB- Nov 9 -RRB- and play it late and the next day . we got home and popped it in and to be honest , it did n't take long to realize that Microsoft Kiddie-ized the game . The guns took a huge dive for the worse . You ca n't hit your opponent in the back of the head to kill him like you could in the first , the maps are cluttered . The new game engine takes away from the what Made Halo 1 so awesome.To put it in nutshell -- it is not any different than the other shooter games . Halo was technical , and required strategic planning and skill -- this is more like a Star Wars video game . Way too many stupid weapons that dont kill anyone -- the pistol is still here , but its worthiness is gone . Over all , It is a huge disappointment -- we actually went and ran errands today instead of playing it all day like we planned . We even looked to see if anyone was still playing Halo 1 online . We both agree the game is neat , but it Ai n't Halo-worthy . It is not a total loss -- My 8 year old will love it . I do n't think I will find myself wanting to Play Halo2 like I do Halo1 . It is too Hollywood for us .
 This game was a complete let down . All challenges throughout the game are exactly the same and did not vary in difficulty - i.e. moving boxes around and pushing buttons . Game play was only about 12 hours - compared to over 30 hours from the second Harry Potter . The story did not follow the book at all and it was irritating to have to switch between characters to use the various spells . Also , by only allowing two place holders for spells or objects , you have to continually switch back and forth to the menu page selecting the spell you want for that particular activity . Overall , this game was an utter letdown - especially after all the fun and challenge of the Chamber of Secrets game .
 I have a new 15 '' MacBook Pro , and this game does not work properly . There is something strange going on with the graphics ... it draws weird colors and huge planes and rays all over the place , making the game unusable . I have a 2.2 Ghz Intel Core 2 Duo , with a nicer graphics card than recommended , so I exceed the minimum requirements , but it wo n't run properly . By the way , RCT 3 regular works fine .
 This game should be a lot of fun but it constantly crashes for us . We 've installed in on our Dual G5 and a newer Mac Book Pro and both crash all the time . I 'd wait for an update from Aspyr or the next version . I have worked with Asypr support but they just keep telling me to re-install the game . I think I 've done that about 6 times now with no luck or improvement . I 'd say wait .
 I bought RollerCoaster Tycoon 3
 Please , read this and all other warnings before you buy . This soaked expansion pack does not work . I installed it on both a Mac and PC using XP and it does not work . I am now out the purchase price and will not buy another game from Atari .
 i got this game and it did not work.I tried installing it but it falied I wish it worked but it did not.Warning , you need roller coaster tycoon 3 to install this game . this is my opinion .
 This was not the game my son was looking for . you failed to put in your add additional product needed for this selection . I was very dissatisfied and am letting my friends know do not use this site .
 The weight change is nice but as you hold the mouse and put pressure on the top , the weight releases up into your hand . The physical size of the mouse is too small , it does not feel comfortable . The cable is very stiff and lies in loops across the desk . After several ejections of the weight , many small pieces of plastic were broken off and were discarded . I expect that to be called a gamer 's mouse all these deficiencies need to be corrected . Very annoying - I returned what was left of the mouse and received my money back and all this trouble was in two weeks time , save your money and get a logitech mouse .
 This mouse has some very good things going for it . After you get used to where you put your hand it 's very natural feeling . The weighting choices makes it so all people can get approx . their favorite weight . The button to change sensitivity is made for first person shooter gaming . Going from sniper rifle to assault rifle sensitivity preferences is a snap . That being said , Mine started to double click after a few days . It 's gotten progressively worse and now I 'm back to using my old mouse . Avoid this mouse at all costs . Unless you do n't like to have to click the button 2 times to double click . In that case this is the mouse for you .
 I did n't find the shape of this mouse particularly ergonomic . maybe it would be better for gaming , but i doubt the angular shape had any intent other than to look cool . right out of the box , there was a little rattle inside and i unscrewed things to find a little plastic nubbin broken off . the main problem is that after a few weeks , it developed a problem where it will double click on a single-click -- not every time but frequently enough to be really annoying .
 I 'm sure most people get excited when they buy a new product , and thus review that the product is great right away . Well , I have been using this mouse daily for about a month now and I am NOT impressed.I bought this mouse mainly because it was on sale after rebate for a very cheap price -- and I can see why it was so cheap
 I got this at a very low price because creative is trying to clear the channel . It still was n't worth it.The design is okay , but the build quality is awful . The plastic piece that holds the weight in broke off and so I had to glue one of the weights in permanently . My left mouse button also has the intermittent click pressure problem which makes the mouse useless.If you pay for this thing you are insane .
 I bought this mouse right after getting a new laptop and Call of Duty 4 . At first I was really impressed with the weights and the button to change the sensitivity . Unfortunately the honeymoon period did n't last long.After a few weeks inserting and removing the USB mouse cord would cause my computer to give me a blue screen and shut down -LRB- this has n't happened with any other mice/mouses ? on this computer -RRB- . I learned to tolerate this ... somehow , but after about 5 months the left mouse button decided it had a mind of its own . It was the same problem everyone else has had . Mouse double clicking or not clicking at all.Its a great mouse for gaming and other computing uses . Only drawback is that it will die out on you quickly . And if you 're lucky like me it will cause your computer to crash on a daily basis .
 The design is not far from the infamous Apple 's hockey puck mouse . It 's pretty much a round mouse . This mouse will give you super carpal tunnel.Other bad things -1 . The button for the thumb is tiny and far far below where the thumb naturally rests . Pressing the thumb button is a huge huge effort in a very unnatural and unergonomic position .2 . The button that should on the right side of the mouse equivalent to the thumb button for the right has been placed on top of the mouse after the right button . This makes the mouse round and uncomfortable , interferes with right clicking and makes that button completely useless.Maybe this will become more useful as I become more used to it but my hand is killing me right now from using it for about a week .
 Man I 'm very disapoit about this mouse , I 'm a gamer and after 1 mounth of using the left button star to fail and as you know on a game or web brouse this become a disaster , creative should make a better product like their sound cards.I gon na by a Logitech , they had a better experince on mouse area
 I bought this mouse for gaming a couple months ago and have really enjoyed it 's features , particularly the on-the-fly resolution adjustment . I do n't think the third button has a real use , however . The real problem lies in the fact that the left mouse button has become nearly useless . Every other click now either goes unregistered or double-clicks . This is apparently a very common issue , as I have discovered a lot of online forums concerned with this issue . I 've gone back to my Dell optical , and will probably never buy a Creative mouse again .
 Unlike thier sound cards , creative labs rests onl thier lawrals -LRB- you can tell by the snotty customer service with faked forein accents when ordering replacement items -RRB- on most other equipment , which is not more than peddled trash outside a `` flee market '' at best , this includes speakers , speaker stands and these `` gameing '' devices . Like Microsoft 's hardware what you get is an enormously expensive peice of trash that lasts six months at best . How can ANYONE except paying this much for ANYTHING and only expect it to last SIX MONTHS ! Customers should raise thier standards instead of thinking about `` patronage '' . The name printed on this is a gimmick , this guy does not indorse this pile -LRB- or does so absently and uncaring of how good it is in a game -RRB- . If you want good input devices I suggest Saitek all the way for everything . -LRB- except maybe the throttle crap -RRB- . Thier software sux but thier devices are solid as a rock and quite beautiful to boot !
 I have had this mouse for exactly 5 weeks . On the 35th day -LRB- 5 days earlier I could have gotten a refund -RRB- this mouse broke.Reading other people 's review of this mouse , I can see that I am not the only one.DO NOT BUY THIS MOUSE .
 I loved this mouse for a good 6 months - then the left clicker began to fail . After a month of slowly failing , it died all together . As others have said before me - this mouse is great for a while but not a smart purchase .
 what can you say about a $ 40 + mouse when its primary function fails.left clicks started registering as double clicks -LRB- annoying in windows -RRB- now they fail to register 80 % of the time , so guns will shoot then stop then shoot . -LRB- really annoying -RRB-
 This mouse is terrible . I bought this mouse a little over a year ago . And after about 3 months of usage it simple quit responding to most anything you tried to do . I would literally have to click something close to a dozen times before it would actually `` Double-Click '' . Not to mention the feel of the mouse is just too bulky in my opinion . I fell into the hype of the `` Fatal1ty '' product line , which many gamers did . And what many gamers will tell you is `` Do n't ever buy anything with the Fatal1ty trademark on it , it will die . '' For instance , look at reviews for the Creative X-Fi Fatal1ty . Another product with massive hype and marketing towards gaming enthusiasts . However , the product itself has had more problems than it has successes .
 I bought two of these mice for about $ 10 -LRB- together -RRB- , 2 months ago . It was great for a while but about a week ago started mistaking my single clicks as double clicks . By now , BOTH of them are COMPLETE DISASTERS . They both mistake double clicks for single clicks , and I CAN NOT GAME AT ALL ! By now , it 's a disaster . `` The man himself at QuakeCon . Jonathan `` Fatal1ty '' Wendel is the brains behind the Creative Fatal1ty 1010 . '' Next time -LRB- very soon -RRB- , I 'm going to buy a mouse designed by an engineer , not a gamer . Learned my lesson : - -LRB-
 i bought 2 of these within 6 months . the one for christmas , broke after 3 months , they would NOT replace becuase i did n't not have receipt . I BOUGHT A SECOND ON EARLY APRIL , and it stopped working last week -LRB- 1 month -RRB- . I have the receipt this time , and they might give me a new one , but it will stop working in a few months guaranteed . FRAUD < there needs to be a recall .
 Worked great for a while -LRB- couple months -RRB- , but then the left button stopped responding to each click . That happening to a game mouse really hinders your survivability . It takes an average of 3 clicks before the mouse responds in-game , no matter how the settings are .
 I bought the mouse less than 4 months ago and the left mouse button is already broken . When I click the mouse once , it automatically left clicks twice . A $ 40 mouse should last longer than 4 months . I am very disappointed with the product .
 Insensitive in motion so that difficult to point a right place on the monitor , especially in slow motion.Click error happens so just a click frequently opens a file.Do you really want to pay that amount?I gaurantee that any cheap mouse under 10 bucks would be much better .
 I have been using this mouse for over 2 months . The mouse worked perfectly well for the first month , after that I started having the double click problem that other people mentioned in their reviews already . It 's not a small thing that you can ignore , its very annoying and time consuming . The dpi sensitivity LED is a nice feature , but that 's the only good thing about this mouse . I am switching back to the old MS mouse . So far my experiences with MS and Logitech mouse have been great . I am surprised no one has sued creative labs for selling this defective product in mass quantity , I believe if the other customers who gave a glowing review to the mouse were asked to update their old reviews at least half of them will be changing their mind about this . If you have already bought this mouse I suggest to return it or give it to your ex as a parting gift .
 ok i bought this at one of the biggest electronics chains . right click button died in less than 2 months , exchanged for another one and this one lasted 3 months and this time is left click button and i returned it for store credit.pros : it 's a good mice if it does n't breakcons : it breaks
 I have been purchasing quality products from creative for over 15 years and have always been quite pleased with my purchases . This fatality mouse would be the exception . The drivers and hardware are a far cry from the quality products I am used to seeing from a world class organization.The top 3 button concept is awesome , one of the reasons I have held on to my very old mechanical mouse , and I thought this `` gamer quality mouse '' would be a wonderful replacement.I have been quit disappointed . Searching the web , I can see I 'm not alone.We gamers pay top dollar , for top quality products , I hope Creative can get back to its core competencies of high quality and integrity .
 I have a Logitech G5 and just received the 1010 . Here are my first impressions : It slides nice and I like the larger mouse feel . I think the 3rd finger button would come in handy once I got used to it.It feels cheap . The weight rattles as the mouse moves and the button clicks are LOUD.I prefer the speed adjustment of the G5 rather than the 1010 . The 1010 's is just one button that you use to rotate through the speeds rather than , as on the G5 , up/down buttons.The thumb button is oddly placed and kind of hard to push.I really do like the feel of it in my hand , and it slides really smooth . It beats the G5 in this area . Also , I have an ICEMAT mouse pad , the the laser G5 will not work on it .
 This game is not compatable with Windows XP , even with an updated version of Windows . When installing error message appears saying it 's not compatible with Windows XP . Amazon.com wo n't refund money . Other Millionnaire games are the same way . They can not be played on Windows XP .
 I ordered this game from Amazon.com . They sent it to me via their merchant J&R Music World . It was advertised as being Windows XP compatible . However , after I installed the game and noticed that it was n't compatible did I see that the box states that the product was meant for Windows 95/98/Me . I have written to J&R Music World and I am hoping that I will get a full refund . I am greatly surprised , due to having had much wonderful experience with Amazon.com . So . . be careful when ordering P.C games . I noticed on Amazon 's refund policy they will not give a refund if the item has been removed from plastic cover . In my case -LRB- faulty advertising -RRB- I believe I should get a refund . BE CAREFUL !!
 This is the second time I have had to return this game as it apparently is not compatible with Microsoft XP . Every time I tried to download 1st and 2nd edition , I got the message that Direct Show was not available . I got in touch with the manufacturer and they were not able to help me very much . After many unsucessful attempts to download , I returned the game to Amazon . com . It should be made clear to any buyers that there is a problem with this game if you have XP . Just an additional note , the 3rd edition is able to be downloaded .
 I never got my game because the seller made a postal error so the post office sent it back , and Amazon had to give me a full refund because for some reason the post office had to send it back and I would like to know why ...
 I have a pretty new computer DX 9.0 3.2 duo core so i have a fast computer well this game when i tryed playing it not only had graphic 's problems but you could ` int change them , it wo n'ted me to installed DX 5.0 and i was like down grade no way so yeah i do n't really like this one but kknd 2 crossfire is so much better and it works on fast computers try it out .
 I started playing this game before I gave it to my son to make sure it was appropriate . When you get to the second level a female character is introduced . The introduction to this character is very inappropriate . Daxter slides down a pipe and at that point the game switches from game play to video . When Daxter comes out at the bottom of the pipe there are a large pair of breasts in his face . The video scene is probably about thirty seconds long and it concentrates on displaying this female character 's physical aspects . She wears a tight halter top , which fully displays her breasts and mid-drift , and low riding pants which allow the string from her underwear to be fully visible over her hips . The images of this character are completely inappropriate for a ten year old . This is not a game designed just for fun and innocent game play but contains sexual images and innuendo .
 This game is not action packed , its really really slow and boring.This game may be fun for kids but definitely not for a teen.Don ' t waste your money on this game , it looks fun , but when you actually play the game , its really really very very slow and boring.Overall : Do n't buy it , its slow and boring for teens .
 i PERSONALLY THOUGHT THAT DAXTER WAS THE WORST GAME EVER ! IT DOESENT HAVE A VERY GOOD STORY LINE AND IT 'S REALLY , REALLY SHORT.THERE ARE ONLY 2 WEAPONS AND THERE NOT VERY COOL.AND FINALLY THERE IS N'T MUCH ACTION .
 The game is rather fun , but I have to warn you . There are parts that 'll make you want to pull your hair out in frustration . That is all that you have to know about this game , is that it 'll make you want to pull your hair out in frustration . If you want your sanity kept in check avoid this game at all costs.The developers of this game show very well that they do n't realize what actually counts in making a game fun , and that part is the fact that it has to be fun . Frustration only sits there to impede on this . There are numerous issues for this game and I 'll explain the biggest ones below.First and foremost , some of the ` checkpoints ' wherein if you die you get ressurected to , at the end of the game are nigh and far between on the `` tanker '' level the second time you go in . You 'll have a part wherein it 's literally one minute time your movement perfectly or restart , then you have to jump perfectly or you 'll fail and have to do that along with the one minute perfect moves again . Why they did n't make it so that you could go back to the jumping perfectly area again after you die is anyone 's guess . I personally believe it 's because they 're idiots who do n't know good QA.The next biggest issue with thsi game is the minigames . They suck , plain and simple they suck . There is no ryhtm , there is rhyme there is no pattern . What they do is the equivalent of button mashing the controller at random intervals . This is how they do their `` minigames '' . Some of them are optional , some are not . The ones that are not are the worst . The very end of the game you have one that is identical to one that you 've already faced except it 's a million times worse . It 's pure button mashing with no pattern , at all , also no indication of progress . Also like the checkpoints in this game , minigames have none . And this is one of them , wherein if you mess up once , back to the beginning . You have to be able to handle the left/right hand of the screen top to bottom , along with being able to press all 8 of the face buttons at any given time without any messups!Also driving any vehicle in this game is reminiscent of grand theft auto , except it 's actually worse . And you have to repeatedly drive a vehicle to beat the game . So unless you like failing , time and time again , I 'd avoid this game . If you are a glutten for punishment since the controls are horrible , then by all means enjoy this game.This game has too many flaws to call it a good game . The issue here is how they designed it , and I can not give it anything higher than 2 stars . If you take out the horrible minigames , and fix that there are badly placed checkpoints on one of the levels , and the horrible controls when piloting a vehicle then this is definately a 5 star game , the platforming is really fun , there is loads of humor and the levels are pretty well designed . But to summarize it again , avoid this game unless you 're really into the jak and daxter series or are a glutten for punishemtn . I know that I 'll never replay this game again , once I 'm done thsi time it 's going to sit on a shelf and colelct dust . The game 's not worth replaying due to it 's flaws which make the game feel like they had no QA .
 Ok , I bought the download version cause I didnt want to go through the hassle of waiting for the mail ... . Apparently this was the wrong choice . The game downloaded fine the first try BUT when i went to play it . the screen popped up asking for the second disc ... . which i didnt have cause i bought the download , so i uninstalled and tried again . After i downloaded it the second time i pressed install ... message pops up telling me that there was an `` error 1628
 After reading all the positive comments on both gamespot and amazon about this game , I ordered it through amazon with the highest expectations . The result
 The game is not up to anyone 's standards . I was very surprised that Sid Meier would attach his name to it .
 Sid Meier has gotten to the point in the gaming industry where all he has to do is attach his name to a game and it will sell . Pirates ! is a game that offers so much promise , but it never really quite gets there.Yes , the game did provide me with several hours of enjoyment . The basic premise of the game is a blast . However , each goal in the game is accompanined by a mini-game . At first , the mini-games are nice Easter eggs , but they get very boring very fast.Overall , the game needs a lot of improvement . With a little tweaking , I believe Pirates ! had the ability to become one of those games that define a genre . As it is , the game seems incomplete . The main quest never stops being enjoyable . The mini-games that must be accomplished in order to complete the main quest get unbearably tedious .
 I purchased Pirates after reading a few reviews and expected it to be an entertaining game . While the concept of the game is solid I found it to be very disappointing as a whole.First of all , there is little possible customization within the game , as you can only choose from a set of ships and buy generic upgrades.The character interaction is frustrating and quite boring as the voices can only say `` blah '' and `` meh '' . The controls are very hard without a number pad and I could not find any way to change them . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU SO NOT HAVE A NUMPAD . Dueling is nearly impossible on my laptop without a numpad.I like the civilization series , but was disappointed byt Pirates . I would recommend saving your money to buy CIV 4 if you do n't have it , and do n't waste it on Pirates .
 When Sid Meier 's Pirates ! came out in 1987 , it immediately became a classic , it was the game of the year . The game had such a success that they did a powerful sequel in the early 90 's called Pirates Gold buy unfortunately , it had performance issues with graphics , etc and had lots of bugs . Now Imagine , a dedicated community of fans of the game waiting 10 years for a sequel of this masterpiece , and when it comes out , it looks like preteen game . The game is addictive and truly follows the spirit and nature of the original Pirates ! , however , the cartoonish approach of the game obliterates any serious attempt to deliver a true pirate strategy adventure game . If you expect a serious pirate game , you should not play this game because you will find the exact opposite because of its cartoonish and childish approach .
 When my friend let me borrow this game about a week after he purchased it I should have known that there was a problem . The first few minutes of playing were exciting but after about an hour of so you 've already seen EVERYTHING that there is to be seen . All of the battles are extremely formulaic , the game play is very predictable and 90 % of your time will be just sailing around without an end in sight . Every once in a while a threatening boat will appear and try to raid yours but after the first challenger you 're ready for anything.I do n't play many video games . In fact I would n't even call myself a casual gamer due to how little I play at all which makes it even more apparent how bad this game is when even I can beat it in a short time.I 've played through this game a few times , each time hoping that maybe I was just missing something , but each time I was greatly disappointed .
 The reviews i read about this game where good , so i had high hopes getting ready to play , and this game got really old fast . the coolest part of the game is the ship battles everything else is horrible . Everything you do when your actually on land didnt make any sense , and there was no creativity put into it . This game might have been good 15 years ago but today one of the worst games i have played . Dont even waist the $ 9.00 for this game .
 I think this is a clear case of false advertising . The photos on the page for this item show it coming with a map and a game book and all kinds of stuff . All I got was a cheap looking DVD in a plain case . I think this might even be a pirated copy . Maybe I 'll call my buddy at the FBI .
 i have played almost all the harvest moon games and this one is not that fun the graphics could be better and its just an overall boring game
 This game frustrated the hell out of me . I chopped up wood and stuff for awhile and tried to make things grow but really did n't succeed . I did n't really know what to do next and was n't enthralled with growing things or the gameplay so I quit and escorted my copy to gamestop for reselling . You can get it there : -RRB-
 I did n't have the problems of my game freezing , as the other reviewers seemed to have , but I still did n't enjoy this game . I love the Harvest Moon series of games , but this version is extremely frustrating . It 's extremely difficult to keep the characters ' friend and affection levels from dropping to zero each day , so I do n't even want to imagine what it would take to get one of the girls to like you enough to marry them.I also read on a site somewhere that there 's a glitch in the game that does n't allow you to marry the Goddess or Witch , which is no fun . It would 've been fun to finally pick the Goddess as your bride . Maybe this information is incorrect , though.Anyway , I bought this game at a videogame store , and was lucky that they had a 7 day return policy , if I ended up not liking the game . That 's precisely what I did -- now I have a new game that does n't make me want to throw my DS across the room ^ ^ ; . It would be much more fun if they decided to port Harvest Moon 64 or one of the Playstation versions to the DS -- they just need to recreate an already enjoyable version for the DS .
 I Love Love Love this game ! I have tried to play it several times , but have never gotten farther than the second year because of the game freeze ! I save in both slots , only reload mid-game when absolutely necessary , but it does n't help . I even sent my cartridge back to the company and got a new one , and it still froze . It is so depressing to have so much going ... a pregnant wife , almost enough money to build a new basement , rescuing over half the sprites , crops that you 've leveled up , animals that you 've worked hard on and are hoping will win the festivals ... and then all of the sudden it 's all gone . I ca n't start over again . I 'm waiting for the new Wii version !!
 I absolutely LOVED this game - but I had the same results as others . It froze frequently , and FOUR times it froze in both diaries , meaning I had to start all over . After the last time , I finally gave up - too frustrating . I hope they come out with a new version that does n't have all the glitches . I would definitely buy it again -LRB- updated version -RRB- because it was so much fun .
 Harvest moon is a great game , and I especially like this one . The con is where it freezes , and all your work is taken from you . Time after time I tried over and over , and even saved it on both files . My time was used playing this game and now it 's wasted .
 My daughter bought this game so she would have something new to play on a plane trip . She likes the game , but it has frozen on her several times and she loses all of her progress . She is getting tired of redoing everything just to get back to where she was at in the game previously . I do n't know if there is a glitch that is typical in this game or if she just happened to get a bad copy . Based on her disappointment with this I would n't recommend it , and we will stay away from this series . There are just too many other choices that would likely play better .
 I never made it past year two without the game crashing . After the third attempt I gave up and traded the game in for credit . If you do n't own it do n't buy it . It 's not worth the twenty bucks .
 This game is pretty good but is very , very long ! It takes forever to get enough money to buy anything and the music can get very annoying ! It was a fun game but you practically do the same things day by day ! I lost interest in the game after about a week.Plus when I get to a part of the game where I want to save and quit , when I come back to play the next day , my file has been deleted ! This has happened to my twice now and it also happened to my cousin .
 My wife is not a gamer like me , but there are a few games that she likes . She has always liked the harvest moon series . She 's played it since the Super Nintendo game and she 's always enjoyed it -- until now.The graphics are great , the gameplay is great , the touch additions are fun at first but annoying after a while , the story is good , and the game is just plain fun.The problem is the glitches . The game locked up on her a couple of times which was n't the end of the world but was a major annoyance if she had n't saved recently . Then one morning , after a storm , all of her feed bins dissapeared . They did n't reapear . She was so frustrated knowing that her animals would die without being fed and there was no way to feed them.I sold the game on ebay a few weeks after that . She did n't want to start over . From my personal experience -- Do n't buy this game !
 I purchased this game for my grandson and he tells me that when he plays the game he can not restart the game wo n't do it . He ca n't save a game to start a new one . What should I do ?
 I 'VE HAD TO START MY GAME OVER 3 TIMES ALREADY BECAUSE OF SOME STUPID GLITCH !!!!!!!! It 's very frustrating . It 's a fun game but I think they forgot to test it for glitches . My cat is de-formed ... And the heart above their head when you pet them is a messed up jumble !!! Also It 's super hard to find every last Harvest Sprite , just so you can marry somone -LRB- which is also hard -RRB- . It 's good if your a hard core fan but other wise I would n't waste your money . It 's a fun game , but glitches completely ruin it !!!!
 It 's not the games fault ... It 's me . I ca n't use those directional ` thingys ' . All my Nintendo DS games have been played with the stylis -LRB- sp ? -RRB- What can I tell you ?? I 'm 65 and my fingers do n't work too well at times . I have Zenes Ocean & Rainforest , Super Collapse , WordJong , Amazing Adventures - , 7 wonders - etc. . So I gave it to one of my grandchildren . How can I have this not happen again ? If I 'd bought it in a store I could have asked about it . But I really like buying online .
 This is the worst Harvest Moon game ever ! I am a huge Harvest Moon fan , and I have played avery single Harvest Moon game ever made , but this is definintly the worst ! The game will suddenly stop , and you ca n't do anything but turn the power off , so your game is not saved , and you have to start out where you last saved ! It is so annoying ! Plus , another glitch is that if you have anough wood and gold to expand your house , the wood chopper dude still says you do n't have enough ! Plus caring for your animals with the stylus gets really annoying after a while , and really messes up your screen from all the rubbing . Do not buy this game ! I would suggest Harvest Moon Magical Melody .
 I hate this game ... it freezes constantly . Too frustrating to tolerate !
 I am a TRUE harvest moon fan and I LOVE ALL the harvest moon games except this one because , when your playing the game it periodicly freezes out of no where and if you have not saved the game you are basicly in trouble . It froze on me I do n't know how many times and I thought it was my DS Lite but then I found on here that other people said their game froze on them too . I couldnt even leave town untill I found everyone and it was a pain to play . I ended up returning it because it froze so much , and I was told by the guy at the game store that he had A LOT of complaints about this game because of its glitch of freezing . A few months later I was in another game store and seen this girl that was looking at it and she was literally about to buy it but I told her do buy it and she was like why and I told her that the game has glitches and it freezes on you from time to time and if you havent saved the game then you lose whatever you just did . I also told her it can screw up your DS and she thanked me and ended up getting monkey ball or something . BOTTOM LINE DO NOT GET THIS GAME !
 This game is great . I love working the farm , caring for the animals and raising the levels of my crops . What I do n't like are the insane glitches . I have had to start my game over 3 times because both save spots went to black screens . If you ca n't deal with a game you have to spend many hours on to get anywhere going perm black screen and refusing to load , this is not the game for you .
 Well , this game is a lot fun . But the thing is , it has glitches ! When it froze for me , I lost all my progress , and I kept trying , but it kept freezing ! When you play , you could be playing for a whole hour and it would n't have froze yet , and you 'll be all happy thinking that you got a lucky copy . Not true . Do n't take a chance . The freezing is totally random . So , if you do n't mind losing all your progress and frustration all the time , this is the game for you ! If you buy it , remember , glitches or fun !
 I have never played this game but a friend of mine bought it a few years ago and he loved it . UNTIL it froze on him , he lost everything he had a really nice farm lots of animals just the perfect farm . and it froze on him . Before that happened though his cat got stuck ... ON HIS KITCHEN ! He could n't do anything to save his cat either :-LRB- . When it froze on him he just tossed it in the trash . I would n't recommend buying this unless you feel like doing a lot of work and you want to risk losing all of your hard work . Cause as far I as know it 's about every 10 out of 13 games has the freezing glitch thing .
 I got Harvest Moon DS about four years ago , and played it for about two years after that . At that point I had 55 of the 60 Harvest Sprites needed to get married . I had been really looking forward to getting married and starting a family , especially after all of the work that it took to get the sprites . However , one day I saved my game while I was in the mine , and when I turned my DS back on and tried to load my file , the music stopped and held the last dull note it had played . It was frozen . My work was forever stuck in that mine . I could never continue my game , and had to start over again completely . I was so upset , I could n't play for about two more years . Finally , wondering what to do on one of my weeks off , I picked up Harvest Moon again . I got to 46 sprites , and my game froze . Again . Angry tears fell down my cheeks , and I was ready to chuck my DS at the wall . Come on Natsume . That just is n't cool.The game itself is fun , at least towards the beginning . I am not denying that . But when you did hard , tedious stuff just to get 1 sprite , the game freezing just strips you of everything that could of made that tiring work worth it.It is your decision . Have fun , work hard and get a little bored of its tedious day to day living for a -LRB- I think , I have never been able to reach it -RRB- fufilling ending , or work hard and have your game glitch and freeze , your work forever lost . I am telling you , it 's up to you .
 My son got this game as a present , and loved it . I am a Harvest Moon fan , myself , so I played as well . We 'd both made progress , but we have each had our games freeze , having to start our games all over . Seeing that this seems to be a common glitch , I just wo n't do it . Think I 'll stick with the other Harvest Moon games . It 's too bad ; it 's a fun game !
 Ok ... i got the game really antcipating a harvest moon for the ds ... but it is BAD . I had played the boy and girl version of the game , and LOVED them ... but this ... ug . The first time i played it there was no one in the town . My poor guy was all alone ... so i had to start the game over . THEN it started freezing up . After those few headaches , it was ok ... the new animals are fun and all , but having to manually pet them EVERY DAY is annoying . THe game is good for first-play thrills ... but the long term gaming is BORING .
 There appears to be a serious glitch in this game . At some point in the game -LRB- looking at various sources online -RRB- you may no longer be able to access your save game file . A quick Google search will show that this is an extremely widespread problem , and many walkthroughs even mention this fact . Now , if this happens at the beginning , no big deal , just start over again . But after playing very close to the end of the game , my girlfriend can no longer load her saved game . From what I can tell , there is no way to recover once this happens , and you will have to start over again . I 've never had to return a game before , but I am certainly making an exception for this one . In my opinion , with respect to video games , there is nothing more frustrating -LRB- and less fun -RRB- than investing many hours into a game , only to have your save file destroyed .
 Like many others , we have been unable to enjoy much of this game . At least two people in my family have been unable to get past Summer of year 1 due to the game locking up.We have several other games in the series that we have enjoyed tremendously , but this one is a real loser .
 I purchased this game because I loved playing Harvest Moon on my Playstation . I was married , my wife was `` with child '' , and I had found all but 2 of the cursed tools . I was anal about saving my game in BOTH slots so that I would n't run the risk of anything happening to my 3 months of progress . Turned on my game this morning to find that NEITHER saved game will load . The game freezes up and wo n't let me do ANYTHING . Talk about frustrating ! I think it 's time for me to give up my dreams of ruling Mineral Town ... or start ALL over .
 I wish I could say this product was a great addition to my collection , but I ca n't . The fact is that any fun that could be had with this game is quickly overtaken by the sheer number of fatal bugs to be found.Case in point ? I only got to about halfway through my first season when the save file became corrupted and was unable to load . Although I did n't get that far in the game , having lost my progress was enough to make me turn the game off forever.In the short amount of time I played , I experienced a number of freezes and other bugs . After looking around on the Internet , I discovered that there were several of these relatively `` minor '' bugs -LRB- but only in the sense that your game was not eternally lost -- in no way should a released product freeze the way this one did -RRB- . There are also a few of the `` fatal '' ones as well . It 's ridiculous.I would suggest Harvest Moon DS Cute instead of this one . DS Cute has all the fun with none of the bugs . It 's everything this game should have been .
 I had bought this game and had SO much fun playing it . The one problem was the load file glitch . I played through over half the game and saved in BOTH files and when I went to reload , the screen went blank . Apparently this is a MAJOR glitch to where you can not get your saved files back and you must restart the whole game over again . I took the game back to the seller and they gave me another . I played the second game to near the end and it had the same load file glitch . I called Nintendo and they told me to contact Natsume and have them fix it . Nintendo also told me that I can call them back if the game does not get fixed , so there is some hope to getting it fixed , but I can not get my progress back . It is too much hassle really . I guess it all depends on how much a person is willing to go through and how far they will go to get it fixed .
 I was just getting the hang of it . Spent hours into this game and I was making HUGE progress , when it just crashes . I ca n't load my data . The game is completely useless . I understand some copies of the game are glitched but I would n't take a chance ... . Horrible . I 've never had a game just not work before .
 When I found about Harvest Moon I was so excited and waited 4 months for it . I read a TON of reviews and even though they were bad I bought it . I am very dissappointed . If there were negitave ratings I 'd rate it negitave 100 . I tried playing it and here are it 's problems , It 's lacks big time on graphicsIt 's almost impossible to get moneyIt 's hard to marry peopleWhat you do is you walk around . You can faint . You lose money when you faint . I hear you can bake but I never got enough money for that . You also have animal contests and you try to make your animal the best looking and the healthiest . What I did is try to mine . I harvested . And I tried to impress girls . The days in harvest Moon are too short it 's like a minute per hour and you have to go to sleep before you faint . and you ca n't decide when to wake up -LRB- you wake up at 8 or 6 depending what time you go to bed . You have to water the plants/crops every day and it takes a long time . After that you do n't have much time to do things . Harvest Moon is too complicated . I was never able to understand how much eating heals and how to know how much energy you have . There are many other problems with Harvest Moon but I might make you bored reading so much.This game should have been for the GBA because I never got to use the touchpad screen and the graphics are bad . When I say the grapics are bad I mean HORRIBLE ! I 've played GBA games and some of the games graphics are better than Harvest Moon . I played it for a week hoping it would get better but it never did . I could n't even buy a barn for the farm so I never got to take care of animals . It 's a big waste of money . I ignored all the bad reviews -LRB- even though they are all saying the game stinks -RRB- and I regret it because I sold a month after for only 12 dollars ! Listen to all the other complaints and do n't buy this game . Trust me there are awsome games out there like Finnal Fantasy III or Animal Crossing . Please do n't buy it ! You will most likely regret buying it like all the other people that were dissapointed -LRB- which is about 89 % . -RRB- If you 're not sure you might want to see it on somebodies ds before you buy it . Trust me I do n't know exactly why there are some good reviews for Harvest Moon , maybe people just like to write good reviews for things . Believe me I have a lot of ds games and I like all different kinds of games . Do n't buy it ! It 's not worth it ! Go have some fun with some other game ! NOT Harvest Moon !
 This is the biggest discrace to the DS gaming in the Universe ! It 's the usual farming experience but with horrible graphics . They should of just put this game on the Game Boy Advance !
 Does n't work with Vista . I even tried to use the option to use and older version of windows and it does not work .
 This game is not bad for an older game . Not as good as other TR games . The biggest problem is that on the last level , there is a bug that makes it almost impossible to finish the game . Well I suppose I got 90 % of the game ... What 's going on with Aspyr !?!?
 This is the second time I 've been burned on a purchase made from a third party through Amazon . I do n't recommend this vendor at all - something seems very fishy about his feedback .
 The experience with this transaction was TERRIBLE !!!! The product did arrive on time BUT its virus infected !!! Goes straight to quaritine . The virus is in the exe . file so the game wont play at all . Neither ` Galactics ' or `` Amozon '' will replace it with a virus free copy - both say its the others resposibility.Amazon has asked me twice now fro my review and I 've given them two reviews!I will say that I have had `` good '' purchases through Amazon but this was not one of them.AMAZON IF YOU REALLY ARE INTO CUSTOMER SERVICE ????? Just replace my infected game with one that isnt and STOP DOING BUSINESS WITH COMPANIES THAT SEND OUT DELIBRATLY INFECTED PRODUCT !!!! AND quit asking me to review this transaction because your NOT going to get a favorable one . THIS TRASACTION SUCKED !!!!!! ~ Lee
 Endless variations of a few games ; some do n't work , many are hard to see , none are interesting .
 This is , without a doubt , by far , the worse software I have ever seen . Perhaps the software had a malfunction , but there was no help key , and no means by which to go from window to another . After 2 hours , we gave up . We had to play a sumo wrestling game , a pac-man type game with a witch , but no chess . This was a chess software program and it was terrible . We never learned one thing about chess . It was ridiculous . My kids much prefer Lego chess to this .
 I bought this CD during 2010 and full unopened package got misplaced during my house shift . Recently i opened this CD and tried to install and use it.The installation is succeeded . But while attempt to run this CD , the software throughs error mentioning `` please insert Genuine CD '' . Seems this CD sold here is not an original one . It is copied CD . The protection in the Software does n't allow to run the copied CD.Now i do n't know what to do with this junk piece . It is totally useless.I never expected such product from amazon .
 Never able to get this to work . It would run through the story line and then crash . We use Chessmaster instead . They have a nice game area for little kids .
 I have 7 and 9 year old boys that play chess . They are also both very computer savy . I bought this program to buff up their chess playing skills and stategy , but they say they find it boring and do n't think it has anything to do with playing chess because the game pieces and boards look nothing like the traditional game pieces . The characters are very difficult to identify and confusing , they are cartoon renditions dressed up in costumes . I 'd save your money and look for a better chess program or get your child involved in an actual chess club .
 I have 3 previous Tony Hawk games that I adore , but American Wasteland has so many bugs and glitches that should have been worked out in development . Instead , the game seems like it was rushed into production at the expense of the Tony Hawk reputation . If you love the series , as I do , rent this game before you waste your money on it . You 'll see what I 'm talking about . Some of the glitches will prevent you from advancing any further in the game ! Who needs to pay so much money for that kind of frustration ?
 Very very dissapointing game ! no load times ?? SURE so skating through a glitchy plain corridor for a minute is not considerd a load screen ?? or how about take the bus ? ANOTHER LOAD SCREEN ! why arnt the games just on skating ? not killing hippies with dinosaurs ? worst of the series
 I didnt like it . . Here 's why -- Graphics 2/10 -- not good at all , Generic . . Nothing more I can really say about it.Gameplay 0/10 -- I felt very weird about the whole thing , Felt very Generic , Clunky.Sound 10/10 -- best thing about the game , the best soundtrack out of any game I have ever played.Bottom line 3/10 -- The soundtrack saves it from getting a 1 . . Just move on from this and be glade they do n't make these anymore .
 This is the first Tony Hawk game that I did n`t run out and buy at release . I rented it and I think I am going to demand my rental fee back because of the bugs.Not only buggy but WHY ON EARTH do you get Hot Topic bands to do horrible covers of classic songs !!!! With the cash this series has made over the years they should have kept the tracks as original artists only .
 I 'll start by noting , that I am not a skateboarded , however many of my friends love the sport . Most of which would laugh if they saw this game in my hands.As I started playing the Tony Hawk series , I absolutely loved it . I started with TH2 - which in my opinion was one of the best skateboarding/bmx games on the market -LRB- even still -RRB- . With every new TH game , I became increasingly disgusted with what was being released.This game is no different than any of the THUG series , in fact it looks like the exact same game , just with a new map and story line . Other than that , every aspect of this game is identicle to its predecessors . The fact that realism is completely ignored , and instead your thrown into a world of cartoons and incredibly fake moves . I would sure love to see someone land that 1080 backflip I just landed in real life , until then your stuck playing this game.Also , as activision ever thought about testing their games before going public ? This game is riddled with glitches and bugs , that make it unplayable at times . Going to land that jump ? Almost ... . Nope , I 've been warped to the other side of the map on top of a building , sure I 'll do a move off the top , and again nope , your boarder somehow has a mid-air collision with a fly im guessing that causes him to wipe out.What happened to the good music noted with the TH series ? I used to enjoy listening to the soundtrack , now Im forced to turn off my volume so I dont have to listen to the junk spewing from this game.So do yourself a favor , if your looking for a good TH game , get TH2 . If your looking for a game thats idea of realism is running around spraypainting everything you see , and hitting on a pixelated girl that looks like she fell down the ugly tree then this game is for you . If your idea of fun is getting stuck in one of the many glitches this game has to offer , go for it . Otherwise , avoid this rushed game at all costs .
 The first complaint about this game is that skating seems to have taken a back seat to BMXing and er ... walking around a bit . It seems like you spend more time off the board doing idiotic things like spraypainting a wall than you do on the board doing combos.Secondly , where are the female skaters ? The ` hero ' is an uncharismatic , generic guy . No choice to be female in story mode.Thirdly , the schoolboy laughs are just wearing very thin . Here 's a tip , Tony , ` impressing hot chicks with your movez ' does not a story make.This really is n't a very good game . The THUG games were better and the THPS games better still . In fact , I 'd say forget it all , go out and buy Aggressive Inline . That was a much underrated game !
 I 've played since THPS2 , and although I do n't think anyone buys Tony Hawk games these days looking for shocking originality/innovative gameplay , this game will likely be the last of the genre that I purchase.It feels shoddily done and quickly produced to make a buck from loyal fans ... I consider this a scam . No more customization of characters in story mode ? Glaringly worse , no more ability to be a girl in story mode ? -LRB- yes , there are female fans out there . . I know I 'm not the norm , but throw me a bone ... I do n't get the point of removing it from a game -RRB- First 20 + missions forcing a character to `` learn skills ? '' Poorly animated gray screen is subistitution for much hyped `` no load screen '' ? Come on , Neversoft ... moves like this insult and alienate your fan base .
 Based on the name and when you see this game in commercials , it looks like an awesome , revolutionary , perfect 10 type of game . But , it turns out it 's just another pathetic version of the THUG games . Everything is the same , except the levels -LRB- which are small and stupid -RRB- and the dumb bmx bike -LRB- which has very bad handling -RRB- . Not to mention the missions that you do are very easy , short and boring . The only thing you do is skate around , look for somebody and they tell you to do a 1500 point combo over something . I 'm not exaggerating , that 's really all you do ! Look for people , do a trick or two , and that 's it . I beat the game in 21/2 hours . So if your expecting some outrageously fun , spectacular skateboading game , do n't look here . I do n't recommend this game to anybody , honestly . I was seriously disappointed , and I guarantee that you will be too if you buy this game .
 I was shocked by this game . We rented it to decided if we wanted to purchase it first . The game actually rewards the beating of homeless people -- points are awarded for taking your skateboard and beating defenseless homeless people . Uggg . We will not purchase it or any other Hawk games like it . Ca n't the game just be about skateboarding ?
 It is deceiving . The jacket show it as gorgeous but the actual thing is a very cheap one . I have heard before about the Aamzon that it is a sellers ' world and buyers ' losing ground , I support that after purchasing several items from Amazon . Beware of Amazon Sellers especially for non-book items . Those are cheap and full of misleading information . There is no easy process to get refund like ebay .
 I bought this game with the intenion of learning some new chess attack techniques but found the tactics too common -- not in the specific set of moves , but in how Kasparov executes the moves on the software.Overall , 2 stars .
 This game is nothing like anything I would play . I dont care for it at all . I am very disappointed in this game .
 I was going based on what the website said that it was Vista Compatable . I try to install it in my labtop , and it would n't run . My boyfriend was able to get it to run on XP but not on my Vista . It sucks thinking you are buying something that will work on your computer , to find out it wo n't .
 this product did not work at all on my laptop , the laptop has Windows Vista and every other game I have works but this game , when I hit install did nothing , even with the game in the computer I could not play it . I have no idea why ? I have all the other games from EA games Mahjongg and play with no problems they are all on my desktop , thought I might like this one but no luck . I may be computer illiterate but every other game I have works . Why does n't this one ?
 The tile board moves as you place your mouse near it . This constant moving is annoying and Tech Support advises the game was designed to move . This can not be disabled . My wife is an Alzhiemer patient and she is not able to play it because of the confusion it causes her . Since this is her favorite type of game , I believe shareware my be best way to go . Try it First , see if you like it type games . Others may really enjoy the moving .
 Mah Jongg Tiles of Time with 110 options was very disappointing . I expected to play Mah Jongg with lots of tile options and background options . I expected to have appropriate asian music playing in the background . I expected sound effects like dragon 's roaring and wind whoosing when I clicked on matching tiles . The game did not have good background options . The game did not have music or sound effects included . The angle that the tiles were laid out on made it difficult to see the tiles clearly . In short , I am very disappointed with this product .
 Either I did n't have the correct space for this game , or it just did n't work on my computer . I wasted my money .
 This game may be great but I never got to try it . The game would n't run on my Windows XP System as it was supposed to . The vender -LRB- CompUSA -RRB- would n't help because they do n't support games -LRB- which was n't specified in the details -RRB- , eGames web site referred me to Trimedia Games . They would n't help since I did n't buy it directly from them . Try at your own risk .
 This game only worked for a couple of months . Then , it informed us that it had something wrong with it . We hit the email problem button , but heard nothing back . We tried to re-install it . It refused to re-install . I feel cheated that I spent money on this game that only worked for a couple of months and then has stopped for good . C. White
 This particular game turned out to be bit of a let down . The problem with this game -LSB- for me anyway -RSB- is that the graphics have a point of view like you 're sitting at a table rather than a top down view . definitely detracts from the game play . strike two is that the tiles are so big you have to scroll left , right , up , and down to see the whole table . it would be better to simply have smaller tiles seen all at once -LSB- in my opinion -RSB- I have a game from 1997 called `` Shanghai II '' that is more enjoyable for it 's simplistic game play .
 I am really disappointed with this game . It worked fine in my Vista computer , but the gae itself is hard to play . In most Mahjongg games you can choose various layouts . In this game there is only one layout - a triangle shape . This is NOT the traditional one that most games have . You can kind of see it on the cover . Additionally , there is only one view of the game - again , refer to the cover . It is not the typical bird 's eye view -LRB- like you want it to be -RRB- . It is sort of like you 're standing at one end of the triangle . You can barely make out the other end and the perspective really messes you up . This might be cool if it were an action game , but it makes it really hard to access as a puzzle . Again , refer to the cd cover shown ... would you want to play the whole game hardly being able to see all of the tiles?The kicker here is that EVERY TIME you move your mouse , the whole set of tiles moves to one side . If you bump the mouse the whole dang board shoots off-screen . This is obvoiusly very annoying.Overall , this is the worst puzzle game ever . The graphics are way overdone . Sure , you can pick a bunch of different backgrounds , but you wo n't want to play it ! I would not recommend this game to anyone , and I am disappointed that I wasted my money .
 Thetitle lead me to believe that it was a progressive game that would lead through time as you completed different levels ... It does n't !
 This game is one of the most difficult to manouver through and does not let you do much adaptation in playing . I prefer to be able to do some selection in types of patterns . This game says 110 Game Variations . If so I got tricked as it is very difficult to get anywhere and not much fun .
 This game is horrible . Really never got to play it . It 's a rip-off . Never worked right on my windows xp . Do not buy this game .
 Have trouble navigating thru the different games . I just wanted a simple game of Mahjongg , instead I get this . Do not like the product at all .
 Still waiting for product over six weeks even though my bank account shows deduction for product paynemt over a month ago . Why is this ?
 I really wanted to like THAW . I 'd played THUG et al and enjoyed them for what they were , but I really expected American Wasteland to step up to the plate and add something to the TH games.After all , the TV ads hinted at a GTA3 style of gameplay - lots of exploring across the entire west coast with the freedom to go where you want and no loading times . I had visions of jumping from skyscrapers , skating for hours down streets , going where I want - when I want . After a few minutes play though , the reality sinks in . There 's no freedom , no massive free-flowing levels , just the same enclosed levels you 've played many times before . Level load times are replaced by dull , pointless empty interior corridors and tunnels which serve NO purpose - no plot advances , scores or interaction happen in them . You simply plod through to the next small claustrophobic enclosed level.Gameplay things fair little better . In story mode you usually have to perform 3 or 4 tricks to ` advance ' things a little . This soon proves massively tedious as should you fail anyone of the tricks at any time during the ` mission ' , you will have to start again . So you listen to the bad acting , watch the awful lipsyncing and terrible out-of-place body movements . Sure you can skip each sentence , but you have to endure the animations - over and over and over again until you manage to perform the exact sequence of button presses the game is expecting from you , sometimes within a 5 second time limit or less . As a player you only do it to open up new levels , not because it 's fun . Frustration rapidly overtakes ANY enjoyment gleaned playing the silly challenges in story mode.And so you turn to classic mode for relief . Except in classic mode the level loading is back ! Yup , no tunnels for you . Loading screen , percentage bar and all are here . So what the heck is the point of it all ? Let me repeat that - you CAN NOT freely travel in classic mode . Sigh.Another unforgivable new addition to the TH series are the outrageous bugs found in this game - my character has fallen through the floor , got stuck behind a wall and the game has even crashed out completely . You 'll be seeing the save screen often.So it 's pretty poor and simply not worth your money - especially if you own one of the previous games . Oh , there 's a redundant addition of bmx riding -LRB- which you ca n't do in classic mode , and is utterly useless in story mode -RRB- too . But that does n't save Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland from being a buggy , unfinished , crude-looking game .
 my brother bought this game , and i had nothing to do with it . i thought it would be like tony hawk 's underground 2 which i own and love . But i came to find out its nothin like it ! tony hawk 's american wasteland is the worst game i 've ever seen . the graphics are pathetic , and the game even messed up . we couldnt get past this one challenge . it made no sense . so we stopped playing it after a day ! just horrible . i guess different companies made tony hawk 's underground 2 and tony hawk 's american wasteland .
 By far the WORST Tony Hawk game ever . The emphasize of the game is not even on scating , but on destruction . The whole point of the game is to break something , usually a large absolute junk , and then use this junk to build a crappy skatepark.Here are some MAJOR flaws : - Way too easy
 Stats are very inaccurate . Game is very easy to master .
 I got this game because my girlfriend wanted to play it ... It continually locked up , and many glitches such as getting stuck in a wall and not being able to remove your skater . Really the game is not as fun as they used to be . Not to mention I thought the park editor would have advanced considerablly on the 360 but it has not ...
 The game is fun , i loved it but there are many problems . One the game is f**king short , I beat it in like less then a week . There is more stuff to do after it but still . . Also when you go up to people it will say `` Yo Skater '' on the bottem when really he says `` Hey Skaterat '' and a lot of the subtitles on the bottem are wrong and off . Also at time you will go up to a person and all there will be is the subtitles they dont say anything . The game looks pretty good , they plays look alot better but still need extreme improvement . All and all it 's a fun game but some stuff is just wrong with it , to me it feels like it was rushedm , or it didnt get copied down for the 360 version so good .
 tony hawk has gone down hill with this one . the graphics look like playstation 2 graphics . the story is short . the only thing saving this from the pooper is the classic tony hawk controls which ive grown to love . maybe cool if you have never ever played a tony hawk game ... but if you have ... then this isnt that great .
 Not what I expected , the graphics have n't been improved at ALL , there 's some framerate issues and LOADS of glitches , but multiplayer is top notch .
 I went back through the original 360 games to see which ones were worth still playing.This game is n't all that bad but lacks in quite a few areas . The story tutorial does n't guide you through the moves very well . You will be facing challenges needed to level up without any guidance on how to complete them . The characters are very hokey and the dialogue is pretty stiff . The animations are worse as when they talk you can see clear down their throats.If you love Tony Hawk games then this one will probably suit you well . If on the other hand you are a casual gamer and not specifically fan of the genre then dont pick up this game and try one of the 6 others for the 360 .
 Did n't like itI was n't like the old games that I enjoyed playing . Hard to access different levels . I played it once and now its just sitting in my room .
 Amazon 's collector 's edition specifically lists a PC/Mac version -LRB- at review time -RRB- , but the Mac version does n't exist ! This is a Windows-only disc , so do n't waste your time and money as I have.Before anyone suggests Boot Camp
 The game has serious flaws that prevent it from being what I would call a good RPG.First , it has a drab plot and comically bad dialog . The old English style of speaking is made even more rediculous by the crummy voice acting . It makes it hard to get into the game 's already lackluster story.Second , the action is repetitive and seems unbalanced . Magic is n't nearly as powerful or effective as melee or bow , with the exception of healing , which you will no doubt use frequently . The character development is pretty standard but not bad , as you do advance in power as you move through the game , learning new abilities from trainers when/if you find them and increasing your core stats.Horseback riding is frustrating at best , but transport is made easy because of teleport nodes.Sidequests are boring , for the most part , and pretty standard . You are given some choices as to whether you are `` good '' or `` evil '' , but for the most part the ethics system of this game are poorly implemented . If you slaughter an entire town , no one really seems to care . The result is that you never really feel the effects of your moral choices.The graphics are good , if poorly optimized . Be sure to update your video card.The game is n't as bad as it could be , but certainly is n't worth the price . Even if Oblivion was never released , this game would n't be a good example of an RPG . It lacks the attention to detail , interesting plot , dynamic world , and engaging combat that would make it a great game . Buy it only once its cheap .
 Currently I am deployed to Iraq and do not have internet access so I tried the 1-800 # . It would be nice to be able to activate the game by phone but the Toll Free Number goes to a toll free phone sex number . Maybe that is why the game is rated for ages 17 and up . If anyone knows the real activation Toll Free # please let me know . This game gets my lowest rating for the incompetence of South Peak to provide a Phone # that works to activate the game .
 I recently bought this game . I felt I paid way to much . The graphics are on par with the orginal Delta force . The gameplay is week . Frustrating enemy ai will snipe you from miles away with an ak . Along with many other problems . The voice acting is bad , and the story is weak . Over all only buy if you want a very hard challenge and its in a bargian ben .
 This game is bugged out , I downloaded the patch which did n't really help.My computer is maxed out and up to date and still the graphics in this game were sub-par . Theres alot more better First person shooter games to get .
 absolute junk , installed and had to download a 322mb patch from the start . Looks like they put this POS on the market way before testing was complete . Now that I have the upgraded version , I can not get past the load , always crashes . I have tried starting from the auto run , and says the disc is not in the drive , even though it just auto ran , lol . I have tried through the start menu , and every time , just crash . I have a dell XPS pent D , 3 ghz , 3 gigs of 667 ram , dual DVD drives , XFI sound card , and geforce pci-e 7900 GS . Running XP PRO.My system is more than capable of running this game , just crappy software design , complete waste of time and money , they should be ashamed of themselves putting out such a terrible product , just lost my business .
 I was given this lousy game as a gift . So thank God I did n't waste my money on it . This game has more issues than Microsoft . The game has had numerous patches put out already and the darn game is n't 6 months old . I 've read literal hundreds of posts on dozens of forums about people with the same problems . Most deal with start up problems and crashes . I 've had this game for about a month and have spent at least 3 weeks fighting to just get the darn game to load and start . Graphics are fair at best and the content sucks big time.Don ' t waste your money on this lousy game !!!! I believe this game will go down as one of , if not the biggest failure in gaming history .
 While the graphics are more up-to-date , the overall game play , storyline , and ease of consumer editing of game specifics is far less than OFP -LRB- Operation Flashpoint . -RRB- No editing tools were provided by BIS before or during the release of ARMA . As of this review , the community awaits some form a editing tool.The only useful upgrade of ARMA is the ability to switch between characters , outside of this , OFP is far superior , even though it is a much older program.In summary , do not purchase ARMA . It is a waste of $ until a wide range of multiple issues are addressed , and the modding community is up-to-speed , creating their addons to make the program worth playing . By the time this takes place OFP2 by Codemasters should be released , which promises to be backwards compatable with OFP , making ARMA moot.Save your $ $ $ !!
 it just takes too long to play a game with big maps ... you have to be online all day to get good at it ... not like battlefield 2 , learning curve is killing me ... you ca n't train in a jet in training mode ... when you get online you have to capture areas for you to get good weapons thats what i hate about the game , if spending all day on a game is enjoyable buy it .
 Sadly enough , I did n't like the demo and originally decided not to get the game . The in vehicle graphics leave a lot to be desired . I have maxed out the graphics and all other settings and it is easier to tolerate . Based upon all the hype I heard , against my previous judgment , I purchased it at a highly discounted price THANK GOD . I listened to all the fluff from friends who told e if I loved Operation Flash Point , which I did , that the full version of the game is much better . The movement of the troops is quite bothersome and does not resemble actual movement unless you are talking about a bowel movement -LRB- at least when they are walking crouched -RRB- . The pasted facial expressions are so in line with the predecessor . I had a lot of high hopes for this game since I loved the previous releases but I ca n't really see much improvement over the previous except controls are more user friendly when it comes to joystick support . It strikes me as a prettier remake of the first with a different story line . Even though I loved the first and I like the promise of new equipment , the flashback factor made me decide not to play it any further . For someone new to the Genre this may keep them satiated but to a seasoned FPS player , there are better titles out . The Battlefield Series has more realistic movement as does Call of Duty 4 . I chose to go back to that realm in lieu of continuing to try to like this title .
 I should have known that anything with Atari , looks like Atari . Graphics looked like a typical arcade game , just terrible . And the story line , terrible . You get what you pay for . I guess when you play the best like Call of Duty series , you get spoiled . But , I am sorry it was just terrrible . Graphics , loop type music bad ...
 I agree . Do n't buy this game . It is not a original rainbow six . not even close . All the key are different , gun sound are crap . graphic is OK . no mission planning . Come on UBI , what happened ? Please do not fool people , change a title name instead using rainbow six . This will make the rainbow six friends very disappointed . Do n't buy this game if you are thinking this is a rainbow six 4 . This title not even worth one star . TRASH !
 This is not Rainbox Six ... . the box says it is , but I disagree . I will inform you that I did not play this much , so my descriptions may not be accurate through the entire game . I will list the positive and negative points I noticed below.Pros :1 -RRB- Nice graphics . The graphics are definately better than those found in R6 3.2 -RRB- I liked them you can now throw a grenade without switching away from your assault rifle -LRB- which is nice when under enemy fire -RRB- . That improvement is more realistic in my opinion.Cons :1 -RRB- I only played this a couple times and then uninstalled it from my machine ... it sucked and it was not worth the 7GB listed on the minimum requirements -LRB- I did n't check to see how much space was actually used -RRB- .2 -RRB- This is just another first person shooter . The only thing that is different from other run & shoot games like DOOM is that you can only get hit 3 times in Lockdown .3 -RRB- You no longer plan missions .4 -RRB- The maps are linear . If I wanted linear maps , I would play Half-Life or DOOM .5 -RRB- They took many weapons away -LRB- including my favorite -RRB- .6 -RRB- You only have control of one squad .7 -RRB- If you die , then the mission is over . You do not take over one of the squadmates charcters .8 -RRB- The sound for the guns did n't work on my system -LRB- but from what I have been told , I am not missing much -RRB- .9 -RRB- Unlike the tactical style of shooting used in the previous versions , I was able to run around -LRB- on normal difficulty -RRB- with an automatic gun on and take out a lot of enemies without effort before finally dying -LRB- I would not have been able to do that as well on the EASY mode of R6 3 -RRB- . Like I said , it is just a run and shoot first person shooter .10 -RRB- I was not able to move sideways while peaking/leaning to the side . That was annoying when trying to peak just a little bit around the corner .11 -RRB- I could only squat or stand . While that is the way it was in the early Rainbow 6 games and the ability to lay down is not really needed , I still liked that option in Rainbow 6 3.12 -RRB- The AI is stupid . Teammates step in front of you while firing . When given the order to open a door and flash bang a room , they will line up nicely at the door , but wait to see who will go in first . To quote one review I read , `` It almost looked like they got the door open and were doing the ` no , you go first . No , you go first . NO , you go first ! ' `` Final opinion
 Crrrrrrrrap ! This IS N'T the same game , and there 's no mention of this on the box ! It 's Rainbow 6 with anorexia
 The book was great , the origional game , Awesome . I have played every single expasion and core in this whole series . This was a very large disappointment . This game has now become a first person shooter . There is no longer any planning , the maps are linear , so linear in fact I know where I need to go before getting in to the room . Mid mission it has to do a level change . It reminds me perfectly of playing Doom . This game however is n't supposed to be Doom , but a tactical shooter . Multiplayer is severly lacking too . I 'm going to stick with R6 3 and the expansions . Hopefully UBI will get it right on the next one in the series , if there is one , though I think this may be coffin as well as the nails.As for actual graphics they 're ok , but definately the engine is bloated . On a Dual P4 Xeon at 2.4 GHz with a GeForce FX 5600 256MB VRAM and 2 Gigs of RD800 , the games graphics had to be toned down , it still looked great , but DOOM 3 runs better on this machine , not to mention just about any other 3d game . Save your money , go by RS3 and the expansions . I 'm taking my game into EB and selling it back for credit on another game .
 No matter how fun a game is , Starforce CD protection kills it ... and your PC too.Search boycott starforce and you 'll see . Horrible.I 'll now carefully avoid all Starforce games . They can kill your DVD-RW drive rendering it useless . Copy protection only hurts the legitimate user . Pirates are gon na copy it anyways . Whats the point of destroying my PC ... Do n't buy this game or any game with Starforce protection in it .
 I was psyched to pick it up in the store while traveling . Got home ... took 10 minutes to install it -LRB- damned starforce protection -RRB- and WOW !!! IT SUCKS!I could not believe what has happened to Red Storm Entertainment since they were bought . -LRB- ... -RRB- . UBI Soft throws its fans NOTHING . OOOOOoooo !!! They actually allowed it to be modded by the fans ! Thanks guys ! They did it because they KNEW it would suck out of the box.Is it patchable ? Who knows ... when Ubi Soft produces such crap I would not waste my time modding it .
 Like many others I read the reviews before buying . I have a top of the line machine and thought , this will work -- I 'm sure of it ... NOT ! Like many others I was not able to do much of anything after waiting for the 7GB of game to install . The game started up and promptly froze 30 sec in . I have looked for a patch , but alas , UBI does n't read the reviews from AMAZON.COM customers -- to bad for them . They should be ashamed to publish a Rainbox title that is broken out of the box .
 I can not review the game play itself . Why you ask ? Because the USB optical drive I HAVE to use with my laptop is not `` compatible '' with starforce copy protection . Neither are newer SATA drives and some other brands . StarForce is also technically a `` rootkit '' which not unlike the product Sony has already gotten in trouble for and by it 's very nature opens your PC up to various worms and viruses.I am extremely unhappy and will probably never buy UbiSoft again . Even if they remove `` StarForce '' from their games this episode has shown what they really think of their customers .
 Trust everyone who bought gives this game a one star rate , they are damn so right . This is not rainbow six at all . What 's worse , it has a worse AI ever ; second , it 's a game that worse than Counter Strike . I am serious , worse than CS . There 's only one word can describe this game -------- shame .
 I bought it and was excited to begin playing . Then I realized that StarForce security was n't going to let me do that.I uninstalled it 5 times , only to discover that it was clogging up my laptop 's memory . I only survived by using system restore . If you want this game , then get it for Xbox or PS2 , that way it might actually runn .
 This game is NOT the awful piece of junk which you are reading about in other reviews . But , it 's not really an R6 game . In short , this game is an extremely generic run around and blast tangos shooter . There are some fun moments here and there as you might expect . A few weeks after having last played it , I really do n't remember a single mission individually . All were based up on going into some building , blasting a bunch of carbon-copy tangos , and either defusing a bomb or rescuing some hostages . I seem to recall one mission had a long slog through a garage , while another was in some sort of cave.The big departure is that you do not plan any of this . You are dropped into a spot and told to rescue hostages or do some other such B movie standard mission . You are led down a linear path to the objective , after which a new mission is given . It 's all totally generic and forgettable . You do get to choose your weapons and kit loudout , but you ca n't do any of the extreme customization as could in Rogue Spear or Raven Shield . I am not sure why Ubisoft is going down this path . Part of the appeal of the older R6 games was the strategy and planning aspect . This game to me looks like a port from a console , and it shows badly . It 's very simplistic and linear . Ubisoft is sticking it to the console fans who made this a great franchise in the late 90s and early 00s . Graphics are quite sharp in the game , and the voice acting and sounds are ok as well . But shortly after I finished the first few missions , I simply put the game down and reloaded CALL OF DUTY 4 . There 's really nothing here you can not find in any other special forces themed shooter . This is probably in the discount bin now , so take a pass on it -LRB- and also Rainbow Six Vegas -RRB- and grab CALL OF DUTY 4 ; that game is what a special forces shooter should be .
 DO NOT BUY.I do n't know what this game is , but it is NOT Rainbow Six . The whole reason to play Rainbow Six games was for slow , tactical , and squad based game play . Lockdown has NONE of these features.No longer can you plan out your missions on a map . This lack of planning leaves you wandering around or traped in a linear map without options of attack . You only have one squad , instead of the usual 3 . The sound was just ... aweful ; All of the weapons sounded like cap guns . If you want to be quiet and tactical , forget it ... This game is made for running and gunning . I could go on and on about this crappy , crappy game , but I do n't want to waste anymore time on it.The only reason I give a 2 overall is for the graphics . Those were nice , but good visuals do n't make a good game.Skip this one , and hope that this company gets it right next time around . Or better yet , sells the Rainbow Six name to a company with a desire to keep the realism .
 i was very dissapointed , the online play , very bad . it has many flaws in it you dont have much wepons and you have to buy your weapons . with points ! who ever heard of a special op ever buying his own gun its all tax payers money . the graphics thank god are ok . but graphics arent good if you enjoy playing the game . a total rent before buy .
 I dont even own this game , but I have seen demos and videos of this game . I have the original RainbowSix game and RogueSpear , with the Urban Operations mission pack , and I also own RS : Covert Ops essential , I also have RS : Blackthorn and both RS : Ravenshield and Athena sword . But this one here looks crazy . Did RedStorm Entertainment hand over copyrights to UBI Soft or something ? I 'm very shock and disappointed , I notice the New Ghost Recon game has also falling in the same death trap in someways . Is this the way RainbowSix games are going to be like from here on out ... I hope not ... If so , I will quit here , on buying RainbowSix games . All I know is that RedStorm did a great job with the original RainbowSix games and I will also be a fan of the original ones and RedStorm too .
 As a huge fan of Clancy games , I mistakenly bought this one . The graphics are fairly nice , but the ` on rails ' feel and constant ` trigger point ' AI is frustrating . The AI is some of the worst I 've ever seen in a game . Your team is SO stupid you 'll want to just keep sending them back to the start point to keep them alive and out of your way . The enemy AI also becomes boring in how they always do and say the same thing over and over . I turned the game difficulty all the way up , and it 's still just a ` yawn festival ' . Online verses play is fun , but good luck finding anyone out there ! Do n't waste your $ $ or time on this one !
 I agree with most of the other people that posted . This game is a straight run and gun game with no planing or strategy . Hell most of the time your team seems to be there to serve as another target for your enemy . The AI sucks badly most `` breach bang and clear '' strategies seem to fail most of the time . Also you only get one squad instead of 3 , no mission planning and the weapon selections blows . They probably took out the mission planning since they want the game to be a run gun style game . I would probably given this game a higher score if they named it something other than R6 for the reason when I think of a Tom Clancy game I think of strategy , Teamwork and patience , you do n't need any of that here . Do n't get me wrong its a mediocre game at best but does n't deserve the R6 title .
 Unfortunately - I did not have enough sense to check the ratings here at Amazon before buying this crap game -LRB- I got it from CompUSA -RRB- . I tried to install it and immediately my -LRB- Dell 6000D -RRB- DVD/RW started thrashing and making odd noises . The first -LRB- of five !! -RRB- CDs installed but the second would not read - nor eject from the Dell . Long story made short - I am out $ 90 + to replace the drive . After many years -LRB- since 1998 -RRB- of buying Red Storm/Ubisoft games - this is my last crap game from them . I STRONGLY recommend that everyone boycott Ubisoft over this terrible joke on consumers .
 They could have put more time into development for this game . Glad I got it cheap . Even free I do n't think I can recommend it
 I usually can find something to like about even the most poorly received PC games , and with many enjoyable hours spent years ago on R6
 Right , so I read some other reviews on this page , and I said to myself -LRB- I have ghost recon and vegas -RRB- `` Hey , where 's the good AI ? Where 's the tactical planning ? `` This R6 is more of a gunning game , where you just run through a linear map shooting people . But , some un-realistic stuff ruin this - -LRB- there are still some good gunning games out there -RRB- 1 . AI . Enemy AI just stands there . Your teamates blame you for shooting them while they get in front of you in the first place . Breach and clear ? Call it Breach and stand there and throw and clear . Teamates open the door all the way -LRB- yes , they do n't open it a bit and then use that small opening to throw a grenade ! -RRB- and take about 3 seconds to throw a grenade , which usually ends up with a incapacitated teammate full of grenade sharpenel .2 . GAMEPLAY . All the missions are like this - go in to rescue hostages . Kill bad guys . Rescue hostages . Go to extraction point .3 . nothingthank you for reading this poor review .
 I gave up on 3D Home Architect -LRB- look for my other review ; hereinafter called 3D HA -RRB- and decided to try out one or two others . Next up is Total 3D Home . As expected from other reviewers ' comments , it wo n't work for me but I 'll try to give a bit more detail on what you 'll find . Unfortunately the `` professional '' reviewers at Consumer Reports and the PC magazines wo n't tell you what you 'd really like to know.The good news with this one
 I wish I would have read reviews of this product before purchasing it . I bought it from Target for $ 30 . I knew it was not going to be top of the line software , but all I really wanted to was build a model of my home , import pictures of my furniture -LRB- which it says you can do -RRB- , and try out different paint and decorating schemes . Unfortunately , this program is incapable of doing even the simplest tasks.I have tried to create a model of my home multiple times . The problem is , once I encounter an error in the program and it shuts down -LRB- this happens pretty much every time I go from Space or Design Plan view to Walk Through view -RRB- my files are corrupted . I have done hours of work getting the measurements of rooms just right , but once the program has crashed , I am no longer able to open my file . I thought perhaps I was asking too much of the program , so I scaled back the house to one floor , then to one room . I finally tried to use one of their sample room plans . As soon as I went to Walk Through view and tried to change paint or fabric colors , the program crashed.I do not have a wimpy computer . I have an Intel Pentium D 950 -LRB- 3.4 GHz -RRB- , 2GB of system memory and 256MB of video memory on my NVIDIA GeForce 7800GTX . I can run Adobe Premiere and 3DS Max without encountering problems . I just ca n't seem to get this software to work.The only positive thing I have to say is that I enjoyed messing around in the Idea Gallery . There are 20 + pictures of rooms that you can redecorate by selecting a wall , comforter , or window covering and try out different colors and patterns . Unfortunately , even though it told me I was successful in importing my photos and custom textures , I was never able to apply or even view them in the program.Overall , I 'd have say that this software sucks . I strongly advise anyone considering purchasing it to look at other home design programs .
 I bought this software to help design my lanscaping . Before I could start that , I had to build my house room by room on the program . Tedious and frustrating ! You can use a sample house , but good luck finding one that looks like your house . While I was building my house , the program froze several times , and I had to start over . Finally , the house was built - sort of . I have a cape cod with dormers , could n't figure out how to make the roof look right . I called tech support . After calling several times and hearing a recording saying no one could take my call , I finally reached a tech support rep. He clearly hated his job and did n't want to help . When I complained about walls and windows disappearing and the program freezing , he said `` Yeah , that happens alot . '' I emailed him my design and he said he would work on it . That was a week ago . No response . I am computer literate , so this is not a case of the program being too advanced . It is poorly designed . I would reccommend a pencil and graph paper over this program .
 I really wish I had read the reviews before buying this product . Like another reviewer here , I bought this program to model my house and try some different designs . My computer is WELL above the required specs , and I am a veteran of Adobe Photoshop , so I know my way around sophisicated graphics programs.This software not only continually crashes doing simple tasks , but the simple tasks are tedious and hard to do at times . I live in a one-story house with a slightly complex layout . Because some of my rooms are not entirely square , this program has a hissy fit trying to adjust dimensions . It never quite comes out right , and constantly throws messages about rooms overlapping even when such is not the case . If you ignore the warning pop-ups about 3-8 times over and over , eventually the program accepts your changes and does n't complain . But the headache just is n't worth it.The program also suffers from lack of a good ` undo ' function . It rarely will undo more than your last change , and sometimes it wo n't even do that . In other words if you make a mistake , chances are you 're going to have to go back to your last saved file -LRB- you did save , did n't you ? -RRB- and start from that point again . Some things you place , like diagonal walls for instance , are also inexplicably immune to being deleted.I might play with this some more just to try and do individual rooms , but overall this software is a GRAVE disappointment . I could do my home design much more easily in `` The Sims 2 '' and have a lot more fun doing it .
 When I realized that what I really like about `` The Sims '' is designing their houses , I decided I could get more bang for my buck with Computer Assisted Design -LRB- CAD -RRB- software . I researched all of the products out there , and decided that the Punch ! Architectural Series 4000 was the cream of the crop for a non-architect/casual fun user . The only drawback noted to Punch ! software was the lack of Help/Tutorials . It was suggested that I buy a cheapo version to learn the basics of navigating computer assisted design.The PAS 4000 is on my Christmas list . My mom loves it when we find stuff , order it sent to her , and open it on Christmas Eve . So I ordered it from Amazon for $ 119 , and it 's on the way to her . Yesterday , I went to Target and bought the $ 30 Total 3D Home and Landscape software to bring me up to speed on CAD.It is a good learning tool , but it does crash , a lot !! In only one day of use , I 've already corrupted a file . When the program crashed , and I tried to re-open the file , it simply crashed again . There was no way I could re-open that file . And I have a powerful Dell computer that is less than one year old.So , if you want to do some serious design , do n't waste your money on Total 3D Design and Landscape . It will just be an exercise in frustration .
 I can only contribute to a lower rating . -LRB- It does n't even deserve the one star that I 'm forced to give . -RRB- Others have already properly stated my complaints and suggestions for improvement . Useless waste of time .
 BEware of this software . It is very unreliable , unstable and easy tasks become frustrating . For example some walls you cant erase , others you can.Installing is very complicated as I tried in 3 different computers -LRB- by the way , I am a compueter engineer -RRB- . After many hours of dealing with creating new directories and trying reseting the machines several times I got the softare to run . Once you are playing with designing plans , the system resets and you loose your work . -LRB- This has happened several times -RRB- . All in all , muy suggestion is DO NOT buy this software . The packaging is the only nice thing about it . By the way , the graphics do not come close to the graphics shown in the box.One last thing , once the system crashes -LRB- Which is often -RRB- , you need to shut down the computer since the end task function does not work.Regards \ Ed
 I saw this software in Staples and thought I would give it a try.Utter waste of time . I have a workstation with the latest specs . I installed Total 3D and spent alot of time inputting my stuff only to do a walk through and see no walls , no appliances , no furniture , just lots of green and bits and pieces of details in a non-sensical arrangement.Not even the samples work.DANGER ! DO NOT BUY .
 I have been using home design software for quite a few years . I frist ran across this software when it was put out by Borderbund . I thought then I had been riped off . I did not know it was the same software when I bought it again . It has not changed . It still does not work as they say it will . The graphics are horrable and even on a 64 bit 2.8 gig system take to long regenerate . You can not see any of the so called changes as you put them in . If you add cabinitry it does not show up until you render it . Even then it is hokey . You can not move arround in the layout unless you select a diverent function.If you have bought it and like it , try to stack stairs and see if your system does not crash .
 My wife bought me this software because I like to draw the dream house I would build if I won the lottery . While the software is very easy to use it does n't save what you 've done with any consistency . I just lost the house I 've been working on for months because it wo n't open . Stuff moves everywhere in the house ; walls and openings you 've put in disappear . I will be buying another product from another company .
 This is pretty ambitious software , and you will have fun - at first . Then you discover that if you make any tiny little error , such as two walls that are not quite connected , or a room that overlaps another room , or some error that you do n't even know about , THE PROGRAM BLOWS UP . And your file , with hours of work , is toast . And THERE IS NO TECH SUPPORT -LRB- they claim they will return calls , but they do n't -RRB- . DO N'T BUY THIS SOFTWARE UNLESS YOU ARE A GLUTTON FOR PUNISHMENT .
 Have tried repeatedly to use this software to plan decor and future additions to my home . Very difficult to use ! It actually erased the floor in one of the upstairs bedrooms with no apparent remedy , is extremely limited on how you are allowed to `` size '' furnishings , creating stairways is extremely difficult , the tutorial only covers a small amount of information , and there is no manual included with the software . I do not like using this at all !
 I bought this software to design my gardens . Another reviewer here raves about how easy it was for him to manipulate , but it almost drove me to throw a temper-tantrum . He must work for the Company.Like the other reviewers , I have plenty of computer experience . I do n't understand why they make this program so difficult to use . There are buttons that work on this screen and not that screen -LRB- so many useless buttons and menus -RRB- that you lose track of what you were doing while trying to figure out how to move that blasted rectangle . You CAN form any shape desired , given that you have nothing to do for hours on end.My dad is an architect , so I vaguely know how to use AutoCAD . Learning that arcane programmer language would be much easier than using this . Now I 'm angry and frustrated and my husband is hiding in the bedroom . I should have stuck with my graph paper and pencil.I was going to sell this product on Amazon.com , but after reading these reviews , I just ca n't do this to you guys . Please , steer clear of this software until the kinks are worked out .
 Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 4 was probably the best game in the series . Since THPS4 , we have enjoyed a steady decline in difficulty and overall quality . This new game is so easy , in one sitting you can beat the game and retrieve all the pieces for your homemade skatepark , the `` Skate Ranch . '' I have been a fanatic about these games since the beginning , and since we left the `` pro skater '' title , the games have become cheesy . The storyline is unbelievable -LRB- this game is starting to improve there , however -RRB- , the character models are weird -LRB- all the pedestrians are about 3 feet taller than your character -RRB- , and now , the game features one level only in story mode ! I did enjoy playing through the game , though . Classic mode was fun , with harder goals than the story mode by far , and unlike story mode , you can completely customize your character . Personally , I think the previews made the game look much much cooler than it is . Another game like this and I 'm finished with this series .
 I have played the tony hawk underground games and they 're great , but if you like those then you 'll agree with me when I say this thing is a piece of garbage . The graphics suck , that no loading thing is not true , instead of a loading screen your character just sits there not being able to do anything at all ! This is a new low for tony hawk games .
 Five reasons why it stinks1 . The BMX does manuals when you do not whant it to2 . It is freaking imposible to do a wallflip3 . The missions are pointless4 . The graphics are n't as good as they say5 . Yes . There is loadingyes I do have this game .
 i dont know if the game is good or not my little brother lost the game he was playing it in the front yare by the sewer and when he came back in it was gone .
 I recently bought a new laptop with Windows Vista , but had no compatible games , so I bought Wheel of Fortune . To be honest , I 'm not sure they tested this game too well with Vista -- it occasionally shuts down mid-game , and will almost NEVER close properly -- try to exit the game , and 90 & of the time it is `` Not Responding '' for at least 3 to 4 minutes before finally closing down ... very annoying , as it takes up every bit of the 1G of RAM I have to run , and makes it almost impossible to do anything else on the computer until the game finally decides to close itself . Possibly if you have 2G of RAM , this will function more smoothly for you.There are few options -- you ca n't play with more than one player -LRB- you can play alone , or against 2 computer opponents -RRB- . There are very few options after that . One annoying feature is the super-short amount if time is gives you in the bonus round to type in the rest of the answer ... not NEARLY long enough if you 've got a longer puzzle.That being said , I am still highly addicted to this game ! But I sure wish it performed better , because it runs very poorly . The older version is MUCH , MUCH better if you 've got an XP platform .
 I thought this deluxe version would be a lot better than the older version , but it is n't . It does n't even have different , interesting backgrounds like the first version . It 's just very basic and the wheel takes too long to spin . It also seems like the `` bankrupt '' comes up way too often .
 It is a fun game but a Trojan Horse attached to the game on my computer . I can only warn you .
 I purchased this at my local Wal-Mart for nearly $ 20.00 . I had thought it would be ready to play within several minutes after loading the CD in the CD drive and installing the game . But after the icon was added to the desktop after download , and I would double click on the icon to start the game , I would get the famous audience chant , and the new version of the show 's theme ... with a black screen !!! I tried everything to get the game running properly
 I recently purchased this version and absolutely hate it . I owned a previous version containing video of Vanna White and allowing me to play using different locations as a backdrop . The graphics were much better than this version . I wish the other version worked on my new computer , as I doubt I 'll ever use this one .
 THIS GAME IS FROM 2007 , IT IS SLOW AND I WAS NOT ABLE TO USE MY KEYBOARD TO SPELL OUT WORDS WHEN I WAS SOLVING THE PUZZLE.I DELETED IT FROM MY COMPUTER AND GUESS I 'LL JUST HAVE TO GIVE IT TO GOODWILL SINCE I CA N'T SEND IT BACK . I AM SODISAPPOINTED IN THIS PARTICULAR GAME .
 I 've had nothing but problems . Half the time when I hit a letter it does n't work and when I hit solve , it does n't work . I noticed that other reviewers have had the the same problems . I 'm just kicking myself for not reading them before I purchased the game .
 Pokemon Play It ! is a pc demo version of the Pokemon trading card came , circa 1998 when the card game exploded into popularity . It 's a short demo that shows you the basics of playing the game , and lets you do a few practice matches against the computer . If this had been expanded to a full game , it would have been great.Pros : * Cheaper than any real cards . * Nice graphics . * Good tutorial for beginning playersCons : * Just a demo . * Can only play the computer . * No real challenge . * Shows the game as it was back when Wizards of the Coast started the game . The basics of the game are still the same , but much else has changed .
 This game in my opinion is a complete flop . saphira is just the muscle , not much flying =-LRB- . the magic is kinda fun but once the games over it loses its novelty value . Also it doesnt follow the darn book . Do NOT buy it .
 got the wrong game and have been trying to contact the company who sent it with no reply yet . Would like to exchange it but having no luck .
 we can not use this product ... we have an xbox 360 and its an xbox product . . did n't know it woul n't work on 360 . Can it be traded ?
 I figure to give this game a chance . It 's a real shame that they ripped off Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 and added some unique things like roaming the park , cleaning up the park , and talking to your guests . All of this could of been done in RCT3 as you can ride your rides , but Frontier decided to pull the plug on RCT3 and put all their `` marbles '' into this game . As in the console game , it 's much watered down . The PC version is not even fun enough to erase Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 . To sum it up , your uncle gives you a chance of owning your own theme park . You have to complete goals , talk to your guestd and build your park up.It was fun for a little while . Playing mini-golf with a guest was good . But you can not pick a spot to put a ride or stall as it is pre-determined . The game forces you to put it in specific places . Riding the rides is similar to RCT3 and it just did n't have the same vibe . When I was riding my own creations in RCT3 you slightly felt it lol but that was just me . In both Thrillvile and RCT3 , the people in the parks -LRB- as well as yourself -RRB- are just a little too cartoonish.I really did n't like this game and returned it recently . I enjoy playing RCT3 .
 Looks good in the package , however it does not load up on our Xbox system despite checking the disc cleanliness and multiple attempts . Very disappointed but price paid was not worth the hassle of returning item .
 I was a huge fan of streets of rage , final fight and all those beat 'em ups , so I 've always tried to find games like that . This is a little bit like but falls way short on almost all levels . You get to beat the crap out of generic baddies with a cheesy inner city plot . Gangs , betrayal , bad guys that are actually good guys and at times a bad irish accent . You can pick from a handful of run of the mill butt kickers and get some outfits and new moves . Typical stuff . Its fun but i 'd probably be dissapointed if I had n't nabbed it really cheap .
 The loading on this game is frustrating to the point that I am so gettting rid of this game after 30 minutes of loading screens . It loads even if you walk a little outside of the city boundaries which are not that far and then you got to wait for cut scenes . Even to figh someone in the street you got to wait for it to load . How could Capcom approve of this crappy game its beyond me . Is not even good if someone gave it to me for free . Stick with Urban Reign , better graphics , storyline , less loading times and overall fun .
 $ 20 for a collection of CRAP !!! This is the worst compilation I ever seen . All three Street Fighter games -LRB- main reason why I wasted my money -RRB- were badly imported !!! Not responsive to controllers and EXTREMLY CHEESY !!! I 've been playing Street Fighter II since it first came out in the arcades and the other game systems and this is by far the worst version of these game !!! Please save your money !!!
 I know this collection is a bargain price , but there is just one major problem . That is the difficulty . The games are by nature difficult , but you pretty much have endless continues . It 's kind of like Mario Brothers in that once you used the warp zones and stepped on the turtles you could easily beat the game . The only difference here is you can continue anywhere and you are not running out of quarters.Another thing that is missing is strategy . These are all action games that the enemies and obstacles are in a pattern . Once you very tediously mastered the pattern you win . But you will not have to master the pattern because you can just continue.The only games that are worth playing are the Street Fighter series . At least there is strategy behind your moves and combos . And though you have endless continues you still have to win the fight.I recommend you do n't buy this series and leave retro games to roms . I 'm an older gamer and while I grew up playing games like this series and have no clue why I thought it was fun . The are some classics that are good like the original Zelda , Pac Man , Mario Brothers . I just prefer a modern shooter , role playing , strategy , or simulation . The elements behind these action games have already been exhausted and its time to play modern games .
 DO NOT BUY THIS!Buy everything else off of Amazon but NOT THIS GAME!I 'll tell you why . Here 's an example of someone who thought this game sounded fun ... You 'll buy this , Say `` Wow , how retro , how kitsch , i remember these games from 20 years ago , how trendy `` Play it for about 16 minutes , then toss it aside.It 's really that bad people.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME WHATEVER YOU DO.Sure , theres like 22 games but they 're all BORING !! AND will RUIN ALL GOOD MEMORIES of the games when you played them originally.You 'll be like `` um , what 's this ? `` Ghouls N Ghosts anyone?RUINED!So save your money , go invest in Pumpkins or give to the needy , cos just like with all music these days , they 've tried to remix old games & make them new again , when in reality all it is is crumby capcom crud.They 've had their day & now will only offend modern kids like Jenn.Hear Hear agrees Fran.Outrageous cries I.
 When I bought this game I was under the impression it consisted of a series of DIFFERENT puzzles . My fault for not doing enough researach . This game is a mind numbing endless game of Bejeweled . At least in regular RPGs when you get to a higher level the lower level characters are easy to beat and a fight does n't last that long . This game however , takes an endless amount of time to complete a fight no matter what your level . I do n't understand why there are so many high ratings on this game . If you like the idea of playing bejeweled over and over and over and over then you will like this game . There is no challenge and the story line is non existent .
 This game is not what was expected from the description . Not much fun at all
 was n't what I thought it was going to be . looking for something like 7 wonders of the world .
 Looking for something for ds like Bejeweled , but this one is not it . I looked at Jewel Quest , and it 's ok , but still not what I 'm looking for . -LRB- I know about the zoo animal one , and I do n't think I could stand the graphics ! I 'm 61 . -RRB- UPDATE
 This game was awful ! It was the same puzzle over and over again . The overall theme of the game was very hard to follow and one must devote way too much time to playing it . I had to force myself to play it but finally gave up and traded it in on something much better .
 I tried to like this game . I love RPG 's , I love puzzle games . I played and played hoping it would get more interesting , but it did n't . It 's the same lame puzzle over and over and over , and the RPG-side does n't make up for it . It was n't addictive at all , I had to force myself to keep playing . Cool idea for a game , this one 's a failure . My guess is the people who rave about this game are more of the checkers type than chess .
 This game is puzzle meets warrior . It is not what I expected when I purchased a puzzle game . You have to collect points to advance etc. . You have to invest a lot more time than I am willing to get very far in the game , not the type you can just pick up occasionally and enjoy .
 My version is for the Nintendo DS lite . I did not really enjoy this game . Perhaps it is fun for some , but I did not find it to be . It is just a glorified `` Bejeweled '' game with a weak story line . Plus , it is somewhat difficult to understand the objective . I suppose you might enjoy it if you are a fan of fantasy games .
 Final Fight goes inner city with Final Fight X - Streetwise . The soundtrack is full of rough music , the scenes are concrete jungles with dirt and blood covered combatants.There 's a ton of swearing in this game , as well as hookers , drug dealers and just about every other miscreant type you can imagine . I enjoy the Grand Theft Auto series , so I 'm not a goody-goody ... but it was a bit over the top here.The graphics were very jumpy , with clipping problems and monotone objects . There were some nice interactivities , being able to pick up garbage cans for example . Still , the world felt very forced.The sound is OK , although if this is going to be a story-driven game , they should have gone for better voice actors . Also , very strangely , the subtitles are usually off from what is being said . The soundtrack sounded like a cheezy version of a gangster / mobster movie.I think in general that was the problem with most of the game . You could see where they were coming from , and it might have been a ton of fun , but it 's just not quite there . Maybe they needed more time in development . The sound is OK but not great . The graphics are OK but not great . The storyline ... ditto.I 'd rent this one first , to see if you get drawn in , before you buy it .
 This game advertises all this stuff about how great it is , but it honestly is n't . I bought it to play with my boyfriend , and even he did n't like it . He is like Mikey , he likes anything.The graphics are choppy , the story is okay until it deviates into this weird part about people with glowing eyes , and the music is n't all that great.This is just my opinion , and I suggest you rent this game before you buy it .
 This is a `` beat em up game . '' and it 's pretty fun at times , however there are certain sections that do n't fit like entering passwords through a system of lights that you need to get to light up at the same time by hitting a certain combination of lights in order to open doors . This does n't really fit with a beat em up game and makes it less fun as it 's hard as hell to actually pull this off . It would be alot more entertaining to beat a boss up and take his key or key card per the rest of the game . The graphics on the box look better than the graphics in the actual game which are quite poor for 2006 or even any time . The original arcade version of final fight that was released nearly 20 years prior actually looks and plays better than this remake/sequel . The camera could n't be worse and merely gets in your way .
 OK so i bought this thinking it would get me into the game . But , the first problem i ran into was the software . The manual described different software than what came with it . Then , i fired up BF1942 . NOTHING HAPPENED . No force feedback or anything . Not only was there no force feedback , but the resistance is SOOO INCREDIBLY WEAK that it is impossible to fly planes or helicopters . And , as said before , it doesnt go all the way back to the middle when you let go . So , I returned it.I do not recommend that you get this joystick
 Well , I purchased this product to use with Flight Simulator 2002 , and the joystick simply does not work . I do n't feel any `` force '' nor is the joystick capable of being calibrated . The stick does not even go back to center after you let go . In addition to this , the product is shoddily made . The plastic throttle is flimsy and lacks a certain `` umph '' that the whole product has failed to deliver . In short , the word horrible comes to mind . Do n't bother buying this . Ever .
 This game only works on the original Xbox . If you try on the 360 , a prompt simply tells you that it wo n't work . I just wanted to play the original Street Fighter 2 . The Xbox 360 Capcom Digital Collection does have some of the same games . But only 8 of them compared to the 22 on this one !
 I first heard of this game from my younger brother who enjoyed the game imensly , so it seemed when I talked to him . So I picked it up for him as I owed him some money . Then as a good brother i had to open it and play it . Well I did n't love the game strait away , and as I played it became apparent more and more as to why . Some of the fights are over before hey start . You may not even get one hit off depending on your abiliies that are chosen as you level up . Then the music , along with the game play get 's old and repetitive . You move around a screen that you can see enemys on but ca n't avoid , then play a puzzle game to beat them . Then you cap out at a whopping level 50 -LRB- wait I thought that this was a role-playing game ???? -RRB- Why can I not keep advancing my levels ? The A.I. when playing against them seems too lucky , as i have barely only gotton a hit or two off of the some enemies . There is no originality in the puzzle aspect og the game , as with no different games . I mean that you could easily have different types of games when capturing an enemy , or making a rune item . But instead you play a different , or similair version of the same game . -LRB- There is very little difference should you attempt to distinguish them -RRB- Also worth a note is that it has glitches , NONE of the secondary people in your group do what they are supposed to do , as well as the screen may freeze on you for no reason.But that does not mean the game is without merrit , It has beautiful graphics , and a simple game play that wo n't confuse those that are slow at these types of games . The sound effects though limmited are nice , and not over done . Plus for the PSP you do n't have a stylus , which for a portable game like this may cause its own problems.So if you want an inovative sounding game , that will last you hours , than his is the game to get . BUT it is incomplete with glitches , and you could a similair gameplay on a flash game off the internet .
 First , let me say that Puzzle Quest
 First off it is a good game but the glitches just like the DS version . Like someone said before you ca n't call you companions in to help well I could not use certain my spells . I gain 15 spells altogther and could only use a few . When I tried to select different spells my PSP FROZE AND SHUT OFF :-LRB- . This is why I give the game a 2 , it a fun game but this glitch is killing me .
 This sounded like a good game , that is why I picked it up . I then played for a while and enjoyed the puzzle battles and fought the battles around the starting area . Then I smacked my head against the first boss again and again trying to get past . I raised my experience level a few times but still there was no getting past . I laid this game to rest to stop wasting my time . Best of luck to those who continue on this quest .
 This weekend , I played two games
 I wanted to surprise my son -LRB- 15 -RRB- for Easter so I did n't ask him for the name of a new game . This was in the 2007 list of best games and sounded good . However , upon loading it , the writing is very tiny , even for his eyes , and the game not very challenging . He played it about four times and now is back using old games he had .
 fun ?! ZERO is what I should be allowed to give this!Since I ca n't properly rate this , I 'll have to rate it here in the commentary.How much fun is this game ? ... . ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO ZEROHow do you rate this game overall ? ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO ZEROHow I can count the ways on how freakin ' awful this game really is . Maybe for the puzzle twitch junkie this will get their buzz on . But for me , it 's so bad I ca n't describe the hate I have for this turd .
 I 'm a casual gamer who loves games but does n't want them to be so difficult that they cause stress . So there 's nothing I hate worse than investing long hours in a game , only to find that I ca n't beat the final boss no matter how hard I try . And this is one of those games . I agree with every positive comment that any other reviewer has made ; this game is great fun . But now I 'm up against a final boss that somehow gets to take five or more turns almost every round , and who blocks most magic . Oh , and my experience is at the 50 level cap , so I ca n't do anything to improve my stats without raising tons of money . And the side quests for creating better items and spells are too frustrating to bother with . So I 'm basically going to have to give up on the game at the very end , because it 's a better alternative to throwing my PSP against the wall in anger . I would really like to wring some game developers ' necks for assuming that all gamers are hard-core strategists ; I just want one RPG that I can beat without breaking a sweat.I 've enjoyed Puzzle Quest enormously , more than any game in recent memory , but without the satisfaction of playing it through to the end , it still almost feels like a waste of time .
 How hard is it to make a chess game that works ? This is the worst game I have ever purchased , and I hope this helps someone else from making the same mistake . Terrible graphics , terrible setup and not user friendly ! Do n't wast your money .
 This product was never able to run on the newer operating systems we have in our house .
 I liked the first True Crime a lot so when they announced this game I had high expectations for it . I got it and started to play it and I loved it , I was like YEAH ! another True Crime , but then after the first 5 minutes if gameplay it turned into crap . It was kind of like the creators put all there effort into the first five minutes of the game then they were just like `` alright lets finish this already . '' The first five minutes of gameplay are non-stop actionu are in a warehouse killing all these gang members for revenge or something with these two sick Uzi 's , BUT THEN a cut-scene happens and all of a sudden alakazam ... its crap . After the cutscene you are a cop and it is two years or something into the future and you and your partner are set to go on a mission . You drive there and your partner walks in alone and the whole place explodes . Your cop expectations go down and now oyu must work your way up doing dirty work . Thats basically the whole game , doing dirty work and its not fun at all.Probably the most fun out of the game is just running around on foot , because the driving is horrible , and arresting random people and showing them your badge and shooting your gun in the air . Everything else sucks . The story-line missions are so boring and pointless . All you do in the story missions are go to this random guy and get told about this bad guy who needs to be in jail but its your job to figure out where he is . So the random guy gives you a list of poeple who might know something about the wanted bad guy . So you go to a warehouse and kill everyone in it and make the person tell you something about the wanted bad guy and then you go to another warehouse and do the same thing about three or four times till you have found enough info on the guy to take him out . Then once you have got that guy the random guy gives you another guy you need to find info about . And thats over and over till the story missions are done , sounds boring ... right ? Well it is ! There are side missions but they suck and are also boring . Like doing missions for your father or taxi missions and racing missions.The environment is horrible , now i know New York city is awesome and what not , but NYC sucks in a game , like really sucks . First of all the place is so freakin huge that if oyu want to do a mission you have to drive for like five minutes just to get to the person who tells you the mission . Then you have to drive to where the actual mission takes place which is another five minutes . This will keep you from doing the other missions because you will be like ... eh i dont want to drive all the way there lets just do this misssion . The car crashing is also horrible . When you crash you most likely do a 180 degree turn , which gets really annoying when you are in a cop chase . Also the place is just boring , its the same looking buildings over and over again and its like never day and ther is always garbage flying across the screen , its like a dump.OVerall the whole story-line sucks . Basically because there is no specific storyline . The game jst feels like someone regular , normal life , the normal life of a cop . The sound sucks too , especially the cars . When you crash it is the most irritating noise and the cutscene volume is so low while the gameplay volume is super high . So you will turn up the volume while in a cutscene and forget to turn it lower for gameplay and your ears will blow out from the noise . The controls are also bad . Since its like just based on a normal life of a cop you are able to do all the normal things making you use all buttons on the controler . I mean the back button shoot in the air , now when is the back button ever used except for menus . The fighting stile is cool but it kind of gets confusing with all the buttons you have to press.You are able to do all the same things as the first like badge showing and arresting and fighting moves and shooting in the air . Really the most fun i have in the game is driving at full speed in a car and when someone does that stupid thing , like in all games , where they change lanes and get infront of you to make you crash ; so i slam into them from the back and then make them get out of the car and arrest them , because in all other games you ca n't do anything about it , like GTA.Overall this game is bad and not what it could have been or should have been . I would not recommend this game to anyone , its just so bad . IF you True Crime fans want to try it be my guest , but you will be surely disappointed . All you other people if you want to rent it just for the first five minutes of the game go ahead . This game is M for Mature
 I am not the kind of guy who complains or demands a lot about games and I have always been able to overlook minor glitches as long as the game is fun and keeps me entertained , HOWEVER I must say that I have NEVER EVER had such a terrible experience like I did with this game . In the beginning I was loving the game , great missions and I could literally play it for hours , but then the nightmare started . There is a mission that you have to complete called `` Shadow Tong '' where you have to push a character off a crate , I found out at least in my case that it is just impossible . After hours and hours of trying to do it and reading walkthroughs that could help me figure out what I was doing wrong , I realized that it was n't even my fault !!!!!!! It is a glitch that apparently comes only for the XBOX version and tons of people were having the same problem . The result was my total and utter dissapointment , after all , what is the point of starting a game you can not finish ????!!!! I felt ripped off and extremely upset and I decided to warn everybody about this because it is unacceptable . Since then the game is stored in my closet getting dusty , reminding me the HUGE MISTAKE I did throwing my good earned money in the garbage . There are hundreds of great games you could buy , think of the choices and spare yourself the misery of getting this one . So please just research a little bit so you know what I 'm talking about and if you do decide to ignore what I have stated here , well do n't say I did n't warn you.P.S . The game freezes ALL the time as well so be prepared for that too if you buy it .
 Apparently , the fact that this game bears a striking resemblance to GTA in more ways than one has been addressed more than enough , so I wo n't go there ... directly.I will , however , comment that while this game is fairly entertaining , it lacks the essential nuances that made the first True Crime a unique title capable of holding its own next to the GTAs.In the first TC , you HAD to explore the city in order to find the places to upgrade your character , and those upgrades had to be EARNED through usage of the skills . Also , the L.A. cityscape had a lot more variation - from residential areas to commercial districts , and the freeway system was awesome.In TC : NYC , you 're bottle-fed upgrade locations ; they 're clearly marked from the get-go , so there 's really no need to explore the city . Plus , the upgrades are PURCHASED , not earned , with money that is very easily acquired . Essentially , you walk into a dojo , pay a few bucks , and congrats , you know karate instantaneously.The RPG sense of upgrading and building your character that made the first TC fresh and new is all but gone from this title . It 'll take you about an hour or two to achieve the maximum cop ranking , and that only unlocks a few cars and weapons which can just as easily be purchased from one of the game 's dozens of vendors.You can take a cab or the subway anywhere you want to go , including active crime scenes and that 's just dumb . Also , seeing as the cab rides are dirt cheap , it almost makes no sense to DRIVE anywhere , especially when the most realistically rendered thing in the whole game is New York 's infamous bumper-to-bumper gridlock ! Also , and maybe I was wrong to expect anything different - perhaps NYC really looks like this - but I honestly got bored with the same drab surroundings block , after block , after block after ... you get the point . I started taking cabs everwhere just because the tedium of driving and wrecking at every intersection caused a malignant tumor to form in my brain.Another point is the car mechanics . Almost every vehicle you drive feels too big and weighty . Perhaps it was the close feel of the narrow streets , but even the sports coups felt like school buses . Ever tried a jacknife turn on a two-lane , one-way street during rush-hour traffic ? It sucks both in real life and in this game . And forget about driving backwards ; even if you 've got a car that can haul @ $ $ going forward , our hero Marcus Reed backs up like my grandmother.Then they added the clothes changes and hair-styles which , to me , just screamed `` we wish we were GTA ! '' Honestly , neither has any bearing whatsoever on the game , your environment or the people around you.All in all , that game does n't make for a bad GTA knock-off , but it does lack in the sequal department . Ever since the first TC , I 've anticipated this sequal . I waited two years and all I got was this crummy T-shirt .
 True Crime New York City is the sequel to True Crime L.A. Though you are now playing as a former gang member named , Marcus instead of Kang . Marcus was framed and betrayed by his own gang boss , so from the beginning of the game you will start blasting away in a bitter state of revenge . Marcus then makes a new lead in life by becoming a cop with the help of his father 's friend . Five years later , Marcus is being offered the undercover detective position and sets out to fight crime in the city of New York . First let me comment , on the good points of the game
 This game , while trying to improve on the original leaves a lot to be desired . I have experienced a lot of glitches and problems with this game . First , I had to take the first game back and exchange it for a different copy because when I tried it on two different systems and it kept freezing up in the first part of the game , it would n't be so bad but you start back at the end of the last mission you had just saved and if you have arrested a lot of people and spent a lot of time running around doing a lot of extra stuff you lose all that progress.Second problem is , while in a mission I was arresting someone after knocking them out and rolling them over , the screen suddenly flipped and put me under the floor and I fell to my death with nothing I could do about it.Third problem , I was driving up to the pier for a mission , jumped out of my car and the whole area turned to water , my car was covered and I drowned while I was getting ready to walk up to the door.Fourth problem , this one is pretty minor , just an aggravation , while driving the license plate that you see when saving the game , will flash up on the screen just for a split second.I like playing the game but I will not only complete the main mission and quit playing it because I do n't like playing games that waste my time with all the glitches . I think the creators need to be a little more careful with this kind of problem with these games because it will end up costing them in the long run.If you want a game that is free of these kinds of glitches I would recommend 50 Cent
 True Crime New York ... I actually just rented it tonight , played it for 30 minutes , and repeatedly said the phrase `` this is gay '' . For everyone that found `` streets of L.A. '' to be a pretty decent experience probably will not like this crap . From the get-go , it feels solid and very intense , possibly worth the time . My mind soon changed when I got into the game . I know it 's New York and traffic jams are common , BUT COME ON !! You can barely run without smacking against a friggin car !! I mean I realize ` L.A. ' had it 's fair share of bugs to make it not great , but this is just lame . I am by no means a Grand Theft Auto fan at all , but they completely stole the concept from San Andreas and threw a new name onto it . that 's all I have to say . Depending on your preferences it may be worth a rent , but i strongly urge you to not spend your cash on this pile .
 First of all , I loved this game . I 'm not an avid gamer , and this game was n't too hard for me . I would otherwise have given it four stars if it were n't for the number of bugs this game has , but more on that later.TRUE CRIME
 I will get straight to the point ... the game freezes constantly ... how did this game with all its glitches get released ? I ca n't believe I spent money on this trash !
 This game is a bug ridden mess . It 's also a terrible half - effort game . I beat this game by using the debug menu otherwise it would have been quite troublesome because this game freezes A LOT ! remember how much fallout New Vegas froze that times 1000 it 's rediculous this game was even published . Shame on you Activision also your pratically Spider Man at one part . He climbs a wall with his hands and thats it . Do you know who published SpiderMan 2 Activision ! Which came out a year before this . Also this game makes fun of grand theft auto . Ha do you know whats funny ROCKSTAR actually does n't have games that freeze CONSTANTLY ! DO NOT EVER AND I MEAN EVER BUY THIS CRAPPY GAME IT 'S HORRIBLE . Buy Grand Theft Auto 4 instead or Grand theft auto Sanandreas or If you bought because you thought oh cool a cop game the first one is ten times better . The gameplay is terrible . The AI is terrible . The sound is decent . The Music is Ok . The graphics are of an average ps2 game . overall NOTHING SPECIAL IS IN THIS GAME OTHER THAN THE REDICULOUS BOUNTY OF BUGS AND A TERRIBLE STORY THAT HAS THE MOST WTF ENDING EVER !
 The major problem with True Crime
 They improved the game a little from the last version -- there is still the lame good cop/bad cop aspect to it -LRB- which ruins the game for me -RRB- . The main character runs like he 's in quicksand . The handling of the cars is like driving a tank . I also hate what they did to my favorite city -- they doubled the number of lanes on each road , for example , in the West Village , they made every street a four-lane highway . I mean , it 's just ridiculous -- to the developers
 In the wake of the revolutionary Grand Theft Auto 3 , there were a horde of pretender games released that could n't come close to GTA 's audacity and style . True Crime
 The reason i give this game a 2 is because first of all the control is horrible . The graphics are good , the music in the game is not so bad either . The levels dont make any sense and you have to play for like 1 hour in order for you to be able to save . In the begginig theres this whole test thing learning how to punch and drive which was just a wast of time . It has some concepts of GTA like taking the people car 's although in this game he 's a cop himself , so he 's exactly stealing the car . By the time you get through those crowded streets on the slow cars to the robber or rapist you already lost . I give it a 2 just because of the graphics if the graphics sucked it would be a -1 . So , this game is a total waist of $ 50 , trust me , go and buy 50 cent rather than this .
 I rented this game and I thought it was ok . The gunplay is the biggest dissapointment . The targeting reticles blow and the gunfights in the game are mediocore . Dissapointing sequel even though there 's a large city it all looks the same . The things you do as a cop will get old fast and the driving is ok and the music is n't very good . It 's a shame because i thought this game had potential . This series still needs lots of work .
 True Crime 2 is just plain awful . It starts interesting , yet it does n't present anything original or interesting.The gun play just isnt that good compared to True Crime 1 . True Crime 1 had you flying in different directions and doing slow motion dives behind cars . When cars would explode , you would be thrown backwards . In True Crime 2 , you basically just point and shoot . There are different weapons that let you take people down non-lethally that you are given . There 's no point in using targeting.The melee fights are n't that cool either . In True Crime 1 you were doing all kinds of kung fu moves while breaking everything around you . In this game , you press a button 3 times and the combo is executed.Also , the actual feel of the game has been lost a little bit . In True Crime 1 , you had no map and were basically cruising to a destination unknown . It was fun driving to new objectives at night during the rain . In this game , you are n't quite as lost , but then again , that is n't a great thing . I enjoyed getting lost in True Crime 1 and I enjoyed feeling out of place everywhere . It was weird cruising as far as I could go and feeling like i should turn around.One of the more interesting features about True Crime 2 is the fact that you can enter any building . This is n't a bad feature , but it does n't make up for the limited gameplay.I would skip this game and go for GTA 3 .
 The only true crime here is the shoddy work done on this title . True Crimes
 This game was okay i get tired of the samething over and over again . This game was like GTA3 but with some added stuff like going in store 's and aressting people but the rest is the same . Okay let me tell you the game 's that are no different , GTA1-4 , GTA sanadrea 's , GTAvice city , GTAvice city storie 's , GTA libirty city storie 's , and 25forlife . I 'll give saint 's row credit cause that 's a awsome game with better quality and stuff and customization but back to this game . This game was okay if you really like doing repitive stuff then go ahead . I liked some song 's in this game but that 's it the rest is just no different . Yet again the picture view was terrible like GTA is , the picture quality is to small you ca n't even lie down on your bed and play the game you have to sit up and see what your doing that 's the big problem . Interigation is pretty stupid , why bother threatning a clerk if you can easily beat the mess out of him for the money ? so that did ` nt make any sense . The storymode was okay it was ` nt that bad but it was the same like GTA , so this game was okay .
 First of all , my 7 year-old was VERY revved up about this ! She is a complete Potter-nut , and was looking forward to trying this on her brand new Wii . Well , it was hard . The game starts with the death-eater attack in the underground walkway from the movie , before you have any clue how to fight them . After repeated attempts , we settled on waving our arm/controller vehemntly in the air and pushing buttons , and that worked . Then you are brought to Sirius Black and friends , and are made to practice different tasks , which works , kinda , but it 's all very . . imprecise . Then you start walking around the school , at which point we were tired of it all , and just moved around to get the feel for things . We have to give it and ourselves more time learning it all , but the games I 've played before have been more intuitive . Frustrating that what must surely be the target audience , finds it too difficult .
 Vastly inferior to the HBP game . Tough to even move or inspect anything with Ron and Hermione constantly in the way . Constant nagging to complete the current task makes the mute button your best friend . Only the Gobstone and Wizard Chess games are truly fun .
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix for the Wii is , in my opinion , a very bad game . The bad parts of this game are that the view is annoying and random , it skips over major parts of the story , teleports you at random points -LRB- for example I was in Occlumency class and then less than a second later without any explanation in the Order of the Phoenix headquarters at Christmas -RRB- , has hardly any action , no puzzles , and is made up mostly of running around Hogwarts collecting students for this or that . The students who you are supposed to collect can never come with you until you do some stupid task for them . The good parts are that the Wii motions usually work and when they do work it feels a lot like you are actually holding a wand , the graphics are amazing for the Wii , and Hogwarts is gigantic and thoroughly detailed . All of those pros have a bad side to them though . When the Wii motions do n't work it is really annoying , the graphics are only good from far away -LRB- when you look at close-ups things look really weird -RRB- , and because Hogwarts is so big it makes the tasks insanely hard because you often need to go across the whole entire building looking for things or just getting something across the building . There 's good music , but for some reason it usually is n't playing . Every word is voice-acted , which is a good thing , but there 's so much unneeded and random talking in the game that the voices get really annoying . There are a bunch of unlockables , but no real reason to get them . You get videos and stuff when you find enough hidden stuff , but they 're sort of boring.Overall the only really good thing in this game is the amazing recreation of Hogwarts . If the price goes down somewhere around 5 $ this game might be worth thinking about just so you can explore Hogwarts , but at any other price it just is n't worth it .
 I am a huge harry potter fan , yet this game is the worst game I have ever played in my entire life.Graphics
 This game would have been a lot better if it were more similar to GTA . I was looking forward to making my way over a vast area and maybe parking it on a high rock and picking off indians and other innocent people and animals with a broader range of weapons . The levels were a since to get through.Oh well , maybe Gun II .
 I had very high expectations for this game when it was released . It has been a long time since `` Outlaws '' came out , and it is time for a decent first-person Western to be on the market.The designers said they were trying to capture the feeling of the Old West and listed realism as high on their goals list . They did okay on the first part , but missed badly on the second.The storyline is good , with some twists and turns , but most of the characters are n't around long enough to really contribute much to the story , which is very short.This game goes to the old-fashioned standby technique of making the major villians nearly invulnerable -LRB- or in one case , absolutely invulnerable -RRB- to any weapon you can bring to the fight . That is okay when you 're dealing with aliens , but these are supposed to be humans.The game saves are a bit painful , and do n't always work exactly like they should -- when you load a saved game , you are often restored to a place in the storyline , not necessarily the location where you last saved or with the equipment and skills you had . Yes , the game is short , but if you have a bad restore experience you can wind up playing through several hours of it more than once.Another major reality hit comes from the way items are handled in the game . You can pick up ammo -LRB- sometimes -RRB- from fallen characters , both friends and enemies but not the weapons . Oddly , the ammo is always the right caliber for whatever weapon class -LRB- rifle , shotgun , pistol , etc -RRB- even if the weapon description says it should n't be . There are many , many games out there that do this part better . New weapons are handed out by defeating major enemies ; there is no store you can go to to buy a new rifle , a horse -LRB- you just steal horses and nobody complains , by the way -RRB- , a stick of dynamite , ammunition or anything else . The only thing you can buy is upgrades.This is definately not a game for kids . I 'm not squeemish about blood in video games , but this is more graphic and pointless than most . Your character has the option of scalping people who 're incapacitated but not dead . In fact if they are dead , the scalping option is gone . If you could sell the scalps , or if they were required to complete some missions at least there would be a point.So this game was a pretty serious disappointment . If you 've just got ta have it , wait until it is under $ 20 or so . In the meantime , you might give `` Mafia '' a try if you need a first-person shooter .
 I 'm going to keep this short because the game does n't deserve a review longer than the actual game play . great idea , tons of fun , addictive , and SHORT . my only complaint , just when i was digging the game , i beat it . alittle disappointing , definitely worth $ 20 , just make sure you have something else to do after you beat it .
 I 've had this game for years but can never get past the tutorials , with the game set to `` easy '' . Those that like westerns are likely to be older people with a passive interest in video games . Neversoft failed to keep this in mind . `` Easy '' is n't really easy . For example , even on `` easy '' if you do n't ride flawlessly you wo n't beat Tom in the opening horse race . The graphics are great , but I found game play much too demanding for my 37 year old fingers . Since I could n't get past the tutorials , I have n't enjoyed the game at all . Those that are able to do it are die hard gamers who 'd probably rather play Call of Duty . I wonder if Red Dead Revolver or Call of Juarez actually are easy enough for me to fulfill my Western fantasy , or are they like Gun , so hard I want to use the disk as target practice with my real single action revolver ?
 I normally do n't play first person shooter type games because I do n't have the quick gaming reflexes necessary to play such games and most games do n't have effective ways of controlling your character/aiming & shooting . I took a chance on this game though because it sounded interesting . I could n't get past the poor aiming and firing controls to delve deeper into the game . The voice acting for the two main characters in the game was really good and the graphics were pretty good , but I could n't play the game for more than the hour it took to learn the controls and play a ways into the game . People that play FPS games a lot may enjoy this game , but it was n't for me .
 By the time I played the game it was already two years old so I already knew that there were going to be antiquated issues to deal with . What I did n't realize at the time was there was going to be the glitch of death . As I started playing the game I was hooked and the story line was pretty good . It kept me wanting to invest my precious time playing the game . Now to the catch . You can not buy weapons in this game , only upgrades . As part of the story line you have to lose your weapons . It does not matter how much money you earn during the game , you can never buy weapons . You loses your weapons at least twice in the game . The second time you lose your weapons and I thought that the game gave them back to me and it did n't . I saved the game and there are no cheat codes or nothing to get your weapons back and you can not buy new weapons . Well I had to fight an end boss without my weapons and there was simply no way to beat the guy without starting the game over . Too many other games out there that beat this game hands down . I chose to sell it instead of starting over again . Thanks for wasting my time activision . Buyer another western like red dead revolver instead , one that does not have this foolish glitch . How can you beat an end boss without weapons . This mistake should not happen in a game , but then again this is an activision game . If it were n't for this glitch and I could have finished the game it would have gotten at least a high three stars or four stars .
 Returned it . Defective . Had 3 & 1/2 star potential , but only gets 1 star because it was unplayable after the first hour or so .
 This stank do n't get it i wasted money on this game go find another one
 This is the worst generic GTA ever made . The controls suck and graphics are terrible . This is a waste of money game . PS2 version is alot better LA edition .
 Ok I 'm confused , sluggish controls , bad sound , bad graphics , not even comparible to True crime streets of LA , man I thought sequels were supposed to be better , I was excited about this one but I played a little of the beginning and turned it off in disappointment , guess I 'll play the original .
 This Game deck is horrible ... Yes , it is a phone , FM radio , and is wireless . But you see , it has horrible graphics , it has about 20 games , the controls are confusing , and it costs a lot of money . When you buy something , get something with at least 50000 games on it like the gameboy !!!!!! You just waiy and see , what wil happen to it is that people will want to get rid of it , prices will go down , and Nokia will lose money . Do n't waste your money on it . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I love GBA it has way more fun games and you can also hook it up to your gamecube so kids if you wa n't a game system just for you when your lonely and need some excitement . SO we can keep the GBA in popularity .
 When i bought this I was expecting to be hooked on to this for hours and hours . Well guess what.I WAS N'T . Dont get me wrong , the text messaging and cell phone features is cool but everything else just sucks . The graphics are terrible and the controls are all screwed up . Well I could live without good graphics but the games were just as bad . I do n't see why there is n't a game slot so you dont have to take of the hatch . . and the battery . . and all this other crap I do n't feel like explaining . My best advice is to save money and buy a gameboy advance and a cell phone seperately . It 's cheaper , better , and SMARTER . The GBA has so many good games and you can buy and mp3 attachment for it . Even though this is a kid 's review please take my advice . DO NOT waste your money on this product.Harvest Moon : THE BEST GAME EVER : - D
 I dont have an N gage , but my friends have them . But dont get me wrong , this is pure junk . For one thing , it has four hours battery . For another thing , it is extremely expensive . Also , it has terrible controls . And how you talk on the N gage makes it look like you are holding a taco up next to your head . How you change games will take you forever.I have an N gage QD . Everything is fixed that I just said about the N gage . You should buy it instead . It is really good .
 The Good : Control of shot variables - You first set direction , power , and english independently , then `` click '' to shoot , as opposed to simulations combining power and the action of taking the shot with a single `` swoosh '' of the mouse -LRB- the latter makes it more realistic for some , however I find moving a mouse to be so far removed from the motion of a pool cue anyways , that I 'd just assume have the greater control/convenience provided by this way -RRB- . `` Camera Angles '' are good - some 3-D simulations do n't have a great range of view -LRB- must `` click '' from overhead to table level view -RRB- , but this one lets you smoothly PAN from table level to about a 60 degree + above view , which is one facet of realism that is a must in a 3-D pool game , else I 'd just assume it be 2-D . Graphics - Actually average , but not a top priority for me , and I had no complaints . Everything 's relatively clean , OK rooms . If looks are real important to you , I 'd probably skip this one.Music - Again , not important to me , but they actually have a good variety and decent quality music on this one -LRB- and best of all you can turn it off -RRB- . The Bad : Physics - Probably the worst physics out of any simulation I 've played . The ball movement is so bad , they might as well `` cut scenes '' from the pre-shot to post-shot of the table . The balls accomplish ridiculous feats like rattle and pop out of one pocket , only to shoot right into another pocket and rattle and pop out of it in the same shot . The balls go from 100 to 0 mph almost instantly . It just does n't feel like you are playing , as it does with some simulations . You can adjust friction of the table , and size of the balls , but nothing helps the realism at all.Rules - It might be `` American '' billiards , but they are definitely not using the BCA rule book . Anything goes on combinations , no ball-in-hand on 8 ball , and other quirks that do n't take much to get used to.Buggy - as mentioned by the first reviewer , there is a problem with this software that results in `` memory failure '' and the program closing . I thought it was my computer until I read others have the same problem.The Funny : Everything has an Asian feel , from the rooms , to the tables , even the half dozen different ball styles available - none will be similar to what you find in American pool-halls or homes . Not that it matters , just ironic that the most foreign styled billiards game I 've ever played is `` American '' Billiards.This game has so many problems as a billiards `` simulation '' , I would n't even recommend it as such . But it 's still a good game you can get into , has a steady learning curve , good computer `` opponents '' , and features like `` alternative '' tables -LRB- triangle and cross shapes -RRB- that add some variety . Overall it 's fun , and that 's ultimately what I judge a game by . However , if you seek realistic simulation - skip this one . For the best simulation , GrandBilliards -LRB- dotcom -RRB- is the closest thing to playing on a real table I 've ever seen , but unfortunately you can only play it online .
 I 'm really disappointed how lame this `` game '' is . Granted - I 've never heard of this game show -LRB- do n't watch TV -RRB- , but I was expecting a bit of gaming to be involved with this game . The repetitive commentary between picking the cases gets annoying . I played it once and , other than letting other members of my family play it for the first time , it probably will remain untouched from then on . Very disappointing that for all the conceptualizing , marketing , research and programing that goes into creating a game from scratch that they would n't have put a bit more `` umph '' into the actual game inself . I do not recommend this game to anyone ... save your money for something better .
 I read the review that said the winning case in his version was always 21 . In our situation , it is always case 8 . In fact , all the cases are the same each time you turn the game on . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . My next step will be to complain to the company ... -LRB- UPDATE
 I was really disappointed . The game takes too long to get through each round - I do n't have time to listen to Howie chit chat . I also found that after I completed one game and shut off the system , the same cases had the same amounts when I played it again -LRB- hint
 The only thing that is good about this one is Howie 's voice . The rest of the game is slow , visually not even close the graphics of any other game . It is so slow that you think it is stuck moving from one screen to the other . As far as the mini games , only the safe guess is even close to kinda fun . I was so discouraged .
 Obviously , this game is buggy . In our copy , the $ 1M is always in case # 9 , no matter what you do . I 've seen other reviewers make the smae comment - although it seems to be different cases for each of them . My husband and son are serious Deal or No Deal junkies - if the game worked they would play it often . They do n't need anything fancy - the cases and Howie 's voice would be enough to keep them happy . Oh well !
 Do NOT buy this version of Deal Or No Deal for the Nintendo DS ! Due to a programming glitch , the million dollars is ALWAYS in the same case . Apparently the case is not the same in EVERY copy , but if you buy this version of the game then once you find the million dollars you will always know where it is . Other reviewers have noted this problem.There is another version of DOND for DS , called `` Deal Or No Deal
 The million is always in the same case each time you turn on the game . Takes too long to get through a game -LRB- too many cute comments by Howie - repeated over and over -RRB- .
 I got this game and thought it was going to be fun - the problem is , the cases never change from game to game . I picked the million dollar case on my first game . Turns out , every time I play it , the same number case is the million dollar case ... and all the others have the same dollar amount as well . What a waste of money ! Might have been fun if the dollar amounts would have switched cases every game .
 This game becomes boring after a few plays . The graphics are HO HUM . I expected a lot more so Howie NO DEAL !
 I read a review stating that if you picked case # 21 , you would win the $ 1,000,000 . I was skeptacle so I went to a local used video game store . They had a used copy so i asked if I could use it , they allowed me to . The other review was right !! I picked # 21 and I picked the magic case . The game is very predictable and is also very slow moving . There is no fun in this game at all . The graphics are not the best but they are not bad . Other than that , the sound is good and basically the game play is the same as the show . If you can live with predictability , get this game , if not , it 's no deal !!!
 Not only is the presentation tedious and awful , but the game is broken
 I bought this game for my 8 year old daughter at her request . She loves the gameshow on TV and has been asking for this game for a few months . She was so excited to get it!She played it three times and discovered that the $ 1,000,000 is always hidden behind Case # 24 and has n't played it since ... who would ? What is the fun in that?I had read reviews on this game before I got it for her and although other reviews reflected this same problem , it appeared that they had older versions and that the bug was fixed . How can something like this still be on the market?With over 850 other games available for the DS , buy any one of those but certainly not this one .
 Do not buy this product . I got mine yesterday and the power adapter does not work . The speakers will power up but the PS2 will not ! The AV output does not send a clear signal to the tv . Worthless !!!!
 This is my least favorite game of the series ... a titled held by Wild Arms 4 up until this point . At least Wild Arms 4 ran smoothly.Several problems with the game irritated me to the point where I put it down permanently . Aside from the cheesy music and mediocre voice acting , the game 's frame rate on the world map is horrendous . The dungeon areas look great , but everything changes the moment you step outside . Also , whenever you enter a battle the game tends to freeze for a second or two during the transition from dungeon field / world map to battle field ... it happens every single time . I 've tested it on multiple PS2s so it 's not a system issue . Finally , I ca n't stand how the characters mouths open and close during scenes that lack audio dialog . It just looks like they left the audio out.This game had to have been rushed for two reasons
 Yeah , I 'm hear to bash gamecube again . There were no hate ones on this page , and its my duty to fix that.Super Smash , Metroid Prime , Windwaker , Rogue Squadron ... These games are all great fun to bring up in our reviews , so I 'll do the same . If I recall , those were the release games . How many years ago was that ? Four ? Well , what have they been doing in the mean time?I 'll give that the system came out big . Real big . But then it just sat there . There have n't been any big titles since the openers !!! What are the game guys doing ??? I do n't know , so do n't ask me.I 'll sit over here , safe and secure with xbox , thanks , rather then buying gamecube and risk no big games coming out.Oh and buy the way -LRB- ... -RRB- I like to write that because you gamecubers get so mad . Why get mad ? If it was n't true , you would n't bother wasting breath saying its not . Have fun playing Scoobie Doo and Bob the Builder , I 'll be over here playing the next big release . Hmmm , looks to be Halo 2 ... oh and look over there !!! Doom 3 !!! Wow , sux to you guys . No , I do n't know how to beat that level of Mario Sunshine . Ask your cute little water-jet pack thing.Well , bye . Hope I made you angry by slapping you in the face with the truth . -LRB- ... -RRB- . AGAIN . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Why is this product being advertised as : * Nintendo video game system * Includes one controller , manuals , and cables to connect to the TV * Compact design with 4 built-in game controller ports * Plays a wide variety of games for all ages * Includes disc with four complete classic Zelda gamesAs far as I can tell , the people selling this are ONLY selling the Zelda game and NOT including the gamecube itself . Is n't this false advertising ?
 Why is this product being advertised as : * Nintendo video game system * Includes one controller , manuals , and cables to connect to the TV * Compact design with 4 built-in game controller ports * Plays a wide variety of games for all ages * Includes disc with four complete classic Zelda gamesAs far as I can tell , the people selling this are ONLY selling the Zelda game and NOT including the gamecube itself . Is n't this false advertising ?
 The advertised item is not what you get . It says this is the came console and legend of zelda bundle , but all you get is the legend of zelda game bundle . I was very disappointed in this seller .
 i think the way this is advertised you are to believe that you are getting a console.then when you try to buy it it 's just games.you should not picture it like that.also in the first description it says console.this is very misleading in fact it is false advertisement!i am very dissapointed !!!!!!!!!!
 i purchased this game on 1-nov-03 it did not arrive until 12-nov i immediatly put this game into the cd-rom tray to install it , the game installed but would not launch , thinking maybe i had did wrong i uninstalled it and retried 4xand still i got the sameproblem with the window telling the resolution was to high i lowered the res.and it still would not work also it stated that it could not find the frequency . i bought this game to add to my hunting library.i have tried to notifiy cyberdeal the seller to no avail i will return this game . star rating0000000000
 I do n't even know where to start with this abortion of a football game . Every flaw that plagued Madden 03 is basically still present in this game . Hail Marys work 90 % of the time . Stopping the run against anyone but the computer is almost impossible . If you have a mobile QB do n't even bother playing the game you 're going to rush for over 200 yards . There 's a reason why I did n't buy 06 and I am reminded very quickly by 07 . Anyone giving this game 5 stars is out of their mind and has no idea what realism is . 5 stars is supposed to be for a classic . No one is going to look back and say `` Oh 07 was a classic '' . You 'll give the same rating for 08 when that comes out.I wish I had listened to the negative reviews . They were pretty much right on the money . Now I 'm out of money and stuck with this garbage . Do n't believe me ? Go ahead and throw your money away . EA will not be seeing any of my loot anytime soon . Not until this game gets a complete overhaul . They could make a realistic Madden if they wanted to . They just choose not to . Just to keep you hoping they do it next year and suck away your money . Screw you John Madden . Your video games suck.Update : After playing this game more and more I am finding certain trends that occur almost every game . No matter what the speed rating is of your player , the computer 's player is faster . Reggie Bush gets chased down from behind by defensive tackles . The computer is almost guaranteed a passing play of 50 yards or more in a game . Usually if you 've been dominating them all game , play prevent defense , it does n't matter . No matter how good your corners and safeties are . Challenging a play is almost useless . Even if it is clearly the wrong call you will most likely be on the wrong end of a challenged play . Josh Bullocks of the New Orleans Saints is called Rodney Poole by Al Michaels , I do n't know why . The AI of your own players on defense is awful.There are phantom penalties called against you randomly . I was once called for roughing the passer when there was n't a defensive player within 3 yards of the QB . The computer has punted the ball through the back of the endzone and the ball was placed at the one . I challenged and lost . When you play against a human opponent , the game I swear predetermines who is going to win . While chasing down the opponent often time you will have an open lane to the ball carrier , then once you go to switch to that player instead of going towards the ball carrier , he will run directly into a blocker taking himself out of the play . Well that 's all I can think of now . If this does n't deter you from buying this game , then you really must not care about realism of a football game because this is nothing close to it .
 This is the first year I have purchased Madden since the PS1 . I was very happy with the product . Graphics were astounding and tackling moves were improved . By far EA seemed to improve very many things from 2006 . But , I just finished my offseason for the 2nd year and tried to load Franchise to start 3rd season and got a Corrupt File message . This was the second time I have gotten this message . It was a Corrupt Settings file 2 times and a Corrupt Profile save the third time . The first time I deleted the Settings file -- Problem Solved . Wrong . Got 2 more corrupted files
 I find this game to be very indepth when it comes to the ability to change formations and plays just by what you see . However , my major disappointment comes from the graphics . I understand the ps2 does n't not have the standards of the XBox360 , but this was false advertising showing this very detailed game and not showing which system this ran for . I just hope when the ps3 comes out , Madden will rerelease the game for it to give the XBox360 owners something to whine about . EA should be more infomational in giving what things look like to the consumer rather then just showing the best picture they have .
 Well I used to play PC based games but got tired of needing to constantly upgrade to keep up with the latest titles . I thought by getting a PS2 my problems would be solved , I 'd buy games made for the console and it would be smooth sailing , right ? Not so with Madden NFL 07 . This game is so buggy I ca n't even play it . Most of the time , the game freezes on the initial title screen . On the few occasions it actual loads past this screen , the game will freeze up as I try to navigate the menus . The most I was able to do was finish the fantasy draft in Franchise mode , whereupon it froze . I once got an exhibition game to load , but , again , it froze . Completely unplayable , and a total waste of money . + + + + + + + + + + + UPDATE + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + The game began to work after leaving the PS2 off for a few hours . It played fairly well for a couple of days , and then it corrupted my memory card . Absolutely the biggest piece of junk that I have ever put into my PS2 .
 I 'm well aware this review wo n't be popular with most committed fans , but I 'll post it anyway . 2 years later , and I still prefer 2k5 to my newer Madden game . I used to love Madden back on the Genesis and SNES , it was revolutionary at the time and a complete blast to play , a quantum leap forward from what was already a fun game in ` Tecmo Bowl ' . Between Madden and their NHL games , EA was doing quality work . Now , they are just lazy and unmotivated . Everything about Madden , from the core physics and game realism to the playbooks to the player models and animation , is scarcely different from last year 's version , and remains , years later , markedly inferior to 2k 's 2004 effort . This is demonstrative of the importance of competition . During the last round of television contract negotiations , FOX broadcasting came in with a boatload of money and offered the league more money even than they would have made selling the individual packages -LRB- Sunday NFC , Sunday AFC , Sunday PM , Monday PM , Season Ticket -RRB- separately . Tagliabue turned them down , not wanting his product to be concentrated in the hands of one single entity . Why exactly is gaming treated differently ? We as gamers are still an afterthought in the minds of the league , and that stinks . We are all worse off for not having a choice . EA has no incentive to create a better product , and they behave accordingly . Madden '07 is simply a warmed-over rehash of last year 's version . There is no reason to buy it apart from updated rosters . There certainly has been no leap forward in realism -- as one simple but glaring example
 I owned the past Maddens and the game has continually declined over the past several years.If you owned last year 's or the year before that , then this game has not changed a whole lot.I was blown away by this game in 2001 . I have never seen a game like that before.I , like many others played it for hours and hours.I even played in a 20 year franchise mode along with draft , preseason and every game in the season.I loved the game.Since then though , EA has taken my money in exchange for the 2001 version , but with an updated roster , a couple of minor changes , and a shiny new box.I bought a copy of Madden 07 for my 360 and I regret it already.It is the same old game.Controlling the running back ?? That 's it ?? For $ 60 EA did n't even bother to remove the player fatigue glitch or the legendary player appearing in unwanted teams.I hope I can download a patch to fix it.Don ' t take my word for it though.You may like the game.I was just hoping for an upgrade from the previous years to take advantage of the more powerful ` next gen. ' game systems.The players still look out of proportion.The defenders are still moving sideways looking stiff with upper torsos frozen and only their legs are moving-reminds me of the Flintstones.The screen still freezes momentarily between screen shots.Those were just some of the changes I was hoping they 'd take care of.That was n't a lot to ask for.Iam sick of defending this game to guys who preferred ESPN 2k5 Football.I was hoping this game could adopt the realism I saw in their game.Iam still a fan of Madden ... but Iam really , really disappointed.This Monopoly over the market has not helped matters I am afraid ... But that 's just me .
 I buy Madden every year simply because it 's probably the best sports videogame franchise . But 07 is nothing special at all . The only improvements are the lead blocker controls and the Hall of Fame Superstar mode . But everything else is a carbon copy of 06 . Please , save the 50 bucks and just update the 06 rosters ... 07 is definitely not worth it .
 Really ? Wow . So , players in real football go through other players torso 's ? They skate and glide around the field at 40MPH without moving their legs ? WR 's change direction on one foot , pivot , glide and elude tackles ? Uh , ok.Anyone who plays this game on the All-madden level will notice right away that this is the furthest thing from a realistic football game.What are the nerds at EA thinking ? Do they ENJOY making a game who 's AI constantly cheats ? I love how they tout games that `` give the user more control '' when the user has very LITTLE CONTROL over anything that goes on in the game . I do n't control if I catch it or drop it , or intercept it , or if my line blocks , of if my DB 's cover their assignment ... none of it . The COMPUTER makes my line miss blocks or not block at all ... drop easy picks ... drop easy catches , etc. . And why , oh why , are DT 's and LB 's faster than my fastest WR ? Is THAT realistic ? The AI is terrible . It blatantly and UNrealistically cheats.Terrible game . Just stop making these games if this is your final product .
 The game freezes non stop . I can not figure out how to get to a season if there is a way and the music blaring during the game sucks . I can play 2001 for hours but this game wears on my nerves in seconds . DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE . I wish Take Two would do a football game on the scale of NBA 2k7 . UGH . This blows .
 This game is a joke . It is the same exact game as the 2005 version with minimal additions . The online play is so glitchy and drops so often its not even worth the time . Do not go out and buy this game thinking that its better because of all the hype . If you want to play a great football game go get NFL 2K5 by 2KSports/Sega Sports . This game is 3 years old and blows Madden away any day of the week . In 2k5 you are able to go to roster manager and change your rosters to make them current . You can edit players and create rookies like Reggie Bush or Jerious Norwood and make the roster the same as the current 2007 NFL lineups . Madden bought the rights to be the only official Nfl game for the sole reason that Madden sucks and he wants to make all the money and not spend any money improving his game . Madden bought the rights to the Nfl trademak through 2010 so no other companies could make an official Nfl game and thats why there is no 2k7 or any other game football game for it to compete with . Thats why Blitz is the only other game and they can not use Nfl players so they have to have a generic game without real players . I hate Madden with a passion . 2K Sports is the way to go for any sports game including football you just have to do some manual labor updating rosters but once you have it is current and still 10x better than Madden will ever be . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have bough the Madden games for many years and find this years to be one of the worst . They have made very small updates and besides having the new player rosters I see no reason to be playing the new version . I am insulted by the company and feel as if they are trying to sell games off the brand they have created behind the name Madden . I also bought NCAA 07 this year and although they are somewhat the same I find that Madden is far behind of this game . Do n't wast your money on this game . I am upset I wasted mine . Madden 07 also has lot 's of issues with the game freezing in season mode -
 I have mailed this game back with the original receipt.Today is Feb. 15th and I have not had a reply to my return or e-mail . I mailed it back on Feb. 1 , 2007 . Thanks for your help in this matter.Claudia Iglesias
 I like to play franchise mode with the fantasy draft . I completed my draft and moved on to training camp . After completing the first quarterback challenge , the game froze . I turned the system off , tried again several times - the result ? Nothing but game freeze . Did a Google search and this seems to be a BIG problem for the Xbox 360 and PSP as well as the PS2 -LRB- which I own -RRB- . I tried emailing EA , but they want you to create a user account or else you ca n't reach them - why ? I found a link to EA 's warranty site and they want you to send them back the game and a check for $ 20 to get a repair/replacement . Are they nuts !?! To top it off , during my search of `` Madden 07 freeze '' , I found message board postings indicating that when people did email EA , the response from EA has it trying to blame the game system , not the EA product . I then did a `` Madden 07 bug '' search and discovered EA KNOWINGLY distributed the game with major bugs ! If you do n't believe me , do the Google search yourself.I printed off the Google search results , went back to the store where I bought Madden , explained the problem and got a full refund . It looks like an exclusive license with the NFL has made EA soft and this game worthless.I would not recommend this game . As a big believer in customer service/companies that stand behind their product , I will NEVER buy another EA title again .
 Waiting in line to buy the new Madden every year is like waiting in line to buy a new calendar . Sure , there are enough differences to technically call it `` new '' . There might be newer or prettier pictures but it 's still just a calendar , just like the year before - same stuff only with slight changes . I know all the Maddenphiles and football fans say that there really are additions and changes that justify another $ 50 / $ 60 drop . I think they tell themselves that just so they do n't feel ripped off . Now that online play is a regular part of console gaming , EA should just have yearly download updates and charge $ 15 or so . Oh but wait , there 's no money in not screwing over the consumer .
 Here we go again , another August , another new Madden release with marginal updates and modifications . Why am I constantly buying this game every year , if they do n't want to enhance the few key things that the consumers are demanding every year ??? Why Why Why ??? Well , I 'm sure everyone is aware of this , but EA sports has created a monopoly with the Madden series , buy buying exclusive rights to the NFL and licensing . So no other software company can offer competition as a result . With that being said , I had high hopes for 07 because I figured that EA would include a fancy presentation like that of the Sega 2K series to go along with the fluid gameplay of Madden.Boy was I wrong . This is the same exact game as last year 's with some notable downgrades . I 'm not one for playing friends and people on-line , because I enjoy the Franchise/Owner Mode , building my dynasty . Here 's some notable downgrades associated with this .1 . Scouting Rookies will take an eternity now . They decided to include Mel Kiper Jr as the analyst that provides the scoop on the incoming rookie class , but he serves no purpose . The entire process is extremely tedious . In order to obtain scouting reports , you have to work each individual player out with individual sessions -LRB- exactly the same as the training camp work outs -RRB- . So now you have to sit thru more loading screens , just to get a report on someone that may have a negative scouting report . It 's a complete waste compared to the previous Madden scouting systems , where you could get quick feedback on each college player . There 's even a College All-Star Game available to play in the off-season , with the top rookies . This gives you an opportunity to actually test out players before you draft them . Let 's be honest , this is a waste of time . Most of us just want to know the players 40 time , vertical leaps , Interview status , and bench reps. So that we can just move on .2 . The Tony Bruno Show - No updates , No new interviews , the same garbage from the past 2 Madden games . I feel like I 'm about to have an aneurism every year after hearing the exact same radio show .3 . No significant updates to the John Madden Al Michaels commentary . Same ole comments .4 . Where 's the beer in the concession stands . Beer has now been replaced with coffee . How soft and Politically Correct can a football game get ? 5 . The kicking controls have been changed . Now you must kick only by using the left analog stick . Please be prepared to miss plenty of extra points .6 . Constant game freezes still occur while playing.Positives .1 . The gameplay is extremely fluid2 . I absolutely love the new player `` roles '' this makes franchise mode much more interesting . And allows each high , mid , to low rated player to have a distinguishable positive or negative trait associated with them -LRB- for example Todd Pinkston and Sean Springs are `` injury prone '' players , Patrick Ramsey is an `` underachiever '' , Brian Dawkins is a `` defensive enforcer '' etc. -RRB- Ultimately I 'm satisfied and disappointed at the same time.Let 's be honest ... how many of you would take the time to provide major mods and updates if you had a monopoly in place such as this ? Especially if you only gain more and never loose any purchasers every year . Yeah you probably would n't either . It 's just sad but true . Do n't forget this game will be available for the PS3 which is probably set to drop this X-mas . Maybe they 're holding all of the good stuff for that system ... Yeah Right ... read the X-Box 360 reviews those users got pooped on.If you have 06 . Keep it and create the key rookies for 07 .
 I got 2007 this past Saturday . After I put the game in , I noticed that there is hardly any change at all from last year 's game graphic wise , features , rosters , still no player introductions for the starters , no pre-game report on any players or the teams , come on the game needs some improvements ! Also just like last years game if you release a player from one team , and then pick him up for another team it says in the players bio he was aquired in a trade instead of being pick up off waivers or free agency , now that 's silly ! Also , I noticed that only so many players even have their real face put on their body , that keeps getting worse every year , so I guess there is a change from last year 's , but it 's for the worse ! Play wise it is still a decent game to play , but I still would prefer NFL 2K5 . Madden 2007 also freezes for about 3 seconds after every 3 or 4 plays too , that 's a little annoying ! As I said NFL 2K5 is the better play still ! 2K5 has the halftime shows , Sportscenter highlights done up in a quick NFL Primetime or ESPN Blitz style . Overall I give Madden 2007 3 stars for fun , but as a whole 2.5 out of 5 . Please improve next year 's Madden features please !!!
 After playing this game online for several weeks I haved noticed that the same flaws as in all previous verisons remain . Playaction passes do n't work as your QB is hit instantly and can not take one step . Outside running plays do not work at all as you have no blocking and your RBs are hit for a 2-3 yard loss each time . I have found that blitzing every time will stuff your opponents as no QB can handle any type of pressure without taking a sack or throwing the ball into the ground . People that give this game a positive review are likely under 20 years old and have no problem using the same 3-4 plays every time they have the ball . there are still certain money plays that will work 90 % of the time like certain screen passes and quick slants . This was supposedly addressed by EA but clearly was not . Also , Michael Vick is still a god and can outrun every lineman and easily scramble for 10-15 yards per run . The game is very defensive oriented for the most part . The running game is still one big headache just to get more thna 25 yards a game . Most receivers are constantly double covered unless you use a `` money '' play and basically cheat . Overall I really tried to like this game , but I have found too many weaknesses that EA has not even bothered to address as they have no competition in the football gaming world .
 Once again another Madden has been created . Very few new features.Graphics :3 / 10Same as always2-D crowdSemi-realistic playersI 'm still waiting for something new SonySound :8 / 10One positive thing about Madden is its great musicControls :8 / 10Same as alwaysSuperstar Mode :5 / 10Not the biggest fan of playing it in first person unless you are the quarterback . With any other offense position , there is a 900 % chance that a running play will be called . And if you are a running back , 1000 % chance that a run wo n't be called.Defense is cool , but it 's easy to lose track of your surroundings fast.Playability : Moderately-highOverall :7.5 / 10It seems that Madden adds like 1 thing per year ; with the first person Superstar view this year.Personally I 'm good with Franchising my team every year and creating players on there.My recommendation : With the release of Madden 08 coming out , do n't bother .
 This is the first Madden game I have purchased . I have heard a lot of hype about how great this game is and I finally decided to give it a try . Well , after playing this game , it is hype & that 's it . This game is an average football game at best . Do n't get me wrong , it is a fun game to play , but this game is unbelievably unrealistic . For example , whenever you get close enough to sack the QB , he will throw the ball away -LRB- intentional grounding is what it is called -RRB- . Why no grounding call in this game ? To put it simply , you can not sack the QB . So no sense even being a pass rusher in this game . Another example , if the opposing QB throws deep , 90 % chance it will be caught by the receiver . It does n't matter if you are playing a dime defense with deep coverage or not , your safety WILL NOT cover him . To put it simply , you can not stop a deep pass play . Your only chance is to BE the safety and try to outjump the receiver , which seldom works . So , if you ca n't rush the passer , and you ca n't cover receivers deep , what can you do defensively ? Well , you can only hope your opponent runs it on 3rd and 7 . You can stop the run effectively.The same is true on offense . If you are down by 4 with 15 seconds left , just throw it deep . Your receiver WILL beat his man and usually score . So unrealistic . Running the ball is sometimes too easy . Other than that , the offensive gameplay is good . The offensive gameplay is much better than the defensive gameplay.The mini-games are very well put together , they are the best part of the game . I really enjoyed the rookie camps.There are also some cool features , with throwback teams.I would rate this as a middle of the road NFL game , an inferior game to my favorite NFL game , Microsoft 's NFL Fever 2000 . That game is very realistic.I hope Madden will make a more realistic game in the future .
 Unfortunately , I purchased this game last Friday . While I did thoroughly enjoy the first 30 minutes of Play Now I was rudely interrupted at half time when my game froze . Being the patient man I am I reset the system and began a fantasy draft , while this went off without a hitch -LRB- other than the ridiculously large 1,411 kb required to save my franchise -RRB- I was soon interrupted.During my first game in franchise mode my game froze again , this time more irritating than the last , as I lost all of my training camp data . I restarted and decided simply to play another Play Now game , only to have the game freeze on the loading screen . I reset and decided to start over on my training camp when , much to my surprise , the game froze once more on the loading screen.So , I implore you , unless you are ridiculously patient , or ridiculously fanatical about this game stick with 2006 .
 Each year I hope Madden gets better ; for it is the only NFL game licensed , but it 's always the same damn thing . Another let down in my opinion . I just do n't get why the NFL had to license it 's video games to just EA ? 2k was making a great footabll games every year and the great thing was the 2k series was only $ 19.99 . If you loved madden 04 , 06 & 06 , I 'm guessing you 'll love this too , , if you did not like those , , stay away from 07 too . . Maybe next year ?
 The Madden franchise is going down the wrong road with this stupid QB vision stuff and on top of that gameplay is way 2 slow . Last years game was good because u had the option of turing off QB vision without effecting the level of gameplay but now in 2007 if u turn off QB vision u can only play on All Pro and not on All Madden ... stupid . By doing that it means , `` play the way we me made the game or do n't play at all . '' Fine I wo n't play and Im sure a lot of other gamers made the same decesion .
 Just a heads up to anyone planning to pick up this game . Due to the copy protection , this game wo n't run on some computers.If you have any type of CD/DVD burning software installed that 's more advanced than the basic stuff that comes with the computer / drive , the game wants you to uninstall it.If you have any type of virutal CD software installed , yup , you guessed it ... The game wants you to uninstall it.As far as I 'm concerned , when a game company expects their customers to remove software from their computer just to play a game , I 'll look elsewhere . I use my computer for games and work , therefore burning software and vitrual CD software is a lot more important than a game that 's broken out of the box .
 The game can be quite enjoyable to play , but extremely aggravating when 20 second lead times are erased because you 're not allowed to win by that big of a margin . If you outsmart or out drive the computers cars you will see them granted acceleration speeds that can only be measured in Mach , and the cornering ability of a cheetah.The recovery times of the AI 's cars when tricked or pushed into obstacles seems like a huge hand follows them and quickly corrects any mishaps . When you find yourself losing because you nick some corner within 100 feet of the finish , but had been in the lead until then , you want to chuck the cd 's out the window . I used to be a fan of NFS series , but this installment has me doubting I 'll every purchase it again .
 This game stalled at the starting line!All show and no go : Lets cut to the chase , This game was a huge disappointment from the start . Game pad could not configure proper and there are no dead zone adjustments . I spent top dollar on this mediocre game -LRB- if that -RRB- . Its all dazzle with no meat on its bones . Sure the graphics are nice , but the whole game is spoon feed to you with gay track arrow barriers , un challenging 4 lane highway racing , and poor car physics.NFS : Porche unleashed is the benchmark so far -LRB- Motor city also -RRB- . It had car physics , insane damage that would stay all through the career . If you wanted to keep your 944 crumpled up or could n't afford it , then that 's the way it stayed.NFS : MW has a car customize thing and a nice story mood , other then that I just did n't find it fun . The police chases were n't enough to bring this game to a positive review . People said you had to get into it . 5min I uninstalled it only to reinstall it again to see what I was missing , It was a struggle of will to get to the free range mode where it added no enjoyment.For the love of Pete EA , please go back to your roots on making a solid customizable game that is n't just for show . Bring back damage!As for the score , I do n't understand how it gets such good reviews , maybe I demand to much out of my race games , the more realistic the better . This is obviously an arcade game , an arcade game that has console style -LRB- Rad Racer for NES comparable ?? -RRB- written all over it . I feel this has lost the NFS credibility.Bottom line
 I am in no words computer illiterate . Ive worked with them all my life . i purchased this game after my friend said i might enjoy it . after downloading the game which seemed to take forever it barely worked and froze oh every 2.3 milliseconds . I will be putting this in the donate pile .
 I bought this game thinking it would be much like the old one . With a range of spells the molded the landscape , and relativly little control over your people . How wrong I was.The game took advantage of the booming RTS trend . All the spells you can cast are now only usable through a unit in the game that is called a shaman . And your following are no more then pesants . If they need a house , you have to tell them to build one . Otherwise they stand around waiting . If you need a warrior , tell them to build a barracks , then order a couple pesants to train . All in all , the game amounts to an RTS with ONE military unit and then some guy who can cast spells . Imagine Warcraft with only footman , and you have Populous .
 This was one of the worst games that I 've ever played . The graphics were alright , but the game itself was bad . I mostly play games where you conquer , rule and build cites . Populous did let you build things - the options were very limited . The pleges were n't anything to get excited about either . Say for instance you were to do the plege with all the lochus-it looked so fake , it was as if a small tiny cloud was flying by . The tribe people practicly do n't do anything . When you did let your people attack another tribe , there hardly was any action . When I bought this game , I expected it to be really good . Once I actually played it I wanted to return it .
 Well , do n't ! I ca n't tell you just how horrible it is . First of all , you are not an all powerful entity . The graphics are slick , but sometimes choppy . Things that die also have the tendency of blocking the screen . The spells you can cast ... . You must `` worship '' totem poles to gain these spells . They take forever to get and are extremely limited in range or power . There are few things interesting . There are only five units is this game , and most of them are illogical . Take my word . Dont buy .
 For those of you who can remember back 6 years , there was a game on the Amiga called Harpoon . It came on a few floppy disks and had no facy 3D graphics and a dire AI , however , it was one of the most playable games I 've ever played.When I bought Fleet Command my lowest expectation was they had just copied Harpoon . On playing the game I realised to my horror they had kept all the bad bits -LRB- rubbish AI -RRB- and removed all the handy GUI dialog boxs , amazing database , formation editor , huge campains , groups of planes , etc. I assume if I played this game some more it would grow on me , but I ca n't but help get frustrated when I compare it with a game from 6 years ago ! -LRB- and fancy 3d graphics count for anything -RRB-
 Fleet Command was built on the concept of naval warfare strategy much like the classic game Harpoon . Similarly to Harpoon , it is a real time strategy game that provides top down control of every unit in a fleet action . Unfortunately , it has two fatal flaws . Firstly , the time compression only speeds up to 1 real second = 5 game seconds . This means that the missions start out with the antagonists at close range so there is no maneuvering . Without that maneuvering , there is little strategy involved in pummeling the opponent . Secondly , there is no way to generate groups to control items working in a coordinated fashion . So if you launch 20 planes on a strike mission , there are 20 planes cluttering the map . After playing this game , I decided I 'd rather play the almost 10 year old Harpoon .
 This an extremly boring game . All you so is sit there for an hour or two and right click . Sometimes something exciting happens , but other than that do not get this game or you just have another forty-dollar dust collector !
 This game reminded me of ` missle command ' at an arcade . You do n't have to have any strategy , you just need to be quick with your SM-2 firing buttons and mouse .
 Well to be Frank , if your looking for a True full scale modern naval simulation dont stare to hard at Janes Fleet Command . At first Glance the harpoons flying off destroyers in a climatic scene looks very similar to CNN without a doubt . Shortly after playing i relized it was seemed to be more of an acion game than that of a simulation . As many others have said you are thrown into the battles which takes alot of planning and strategy away . Were is naval Combat without the strategy ? The graphics are beautiful as a harpoon fan i always wondered what it would look like to watch my cruiser fire 8 harpoons in rapid sucession . Well now ive seen it . Great graphics , no strategy really the strategy is kinda forced on ya its either this way or take a few hits . Data is ok but nothing compared to the ship databases in harpoon of 10 years ago . No weapons changes ? comon now that is just lazy programming there.Well if harpoon of tens years ago meet the graphics of Fleet command i am sold
 I bought this game ... out of an overstock bin , and I still felt it was a waste of money . Now , on to the complaints ... GRAPHICS
 The games are good but there is no instruction booklets for two the games . I have tried to contact the manufacture 5 times and they will not even return my calls or e-mails . I would think twice before buying from them again .
 This game is fun , if you are willing to accept the fact that the programers were on an extremely tight budget . If the programers beta tested this game enough they would have worked out all the problems that prevent this game from being AWESOME.First , I must point out that it is `` real time '' . Meaning , time is ticking while you are clicking/scrolling through your list of units and commands . Time is always ticking . If the interface was fast and efficient there would n't be a problem , heck it might even be realistic . But at best it takes too long to issue simple orders , and to play the game successfully you will be issuing dozens if not hundreds of orders . All the while the clock is ticking.Why is the clock so important ? Because you are dealing with an enemy that has ships , aircraft , subs and MISSLES appraoching fast . If you ca n't issue orders fast enough , you will always lose . Like I mentioned the interfact is clunky and very inefficient . The programers could have made it much much better.Also , common sense moves that in the real world would take place almost automatically , do n't happen . You literally must issue orders for every little action . As if each ship or aircraft does n't have a captain or pilot to make common sense desisions . Example
 My cousin received this game for christmas , and I ended up playing it when he was n't . First off , I 'd like to say that at first , I thought this was a pretty good racing game . The cars are easy to control , and the layout is pretty straightforward.However , there are several issues I have with this game.First of all , I was disappointed to learn that it was the same tracks that were used throughout the game . There 's about 12 of them , but there are a total of about 120 races required to ` beat ' the game . What does this mean ? It means that each of these tracks is used several times . This can get tedious , and even a little boring . There is no challenge of different tracks!I also witnessed several problems with the programming of the game . There are glitches that make the sound stop working , glitches that make words stay on the screen long after they should have disappeared , and glitches that make cars freeze -LRB- and I 'm not talking about using the ice power-up -RRB- . However , most disappointing to me was the fact that it is IMPOSSIBLE to fully beat the game.For each race , you are rated from 0 to 5 points . The game is truly beaten when all 5 points have been scored for each race . However , for one of the races , it is impossible to get all five.On each level there is a final ` tournament ' race , where you go through four different tracks . On one particular level , one of the requirements to get all five points is to go through each of the shortcut areas . However , there IS NO shortcut area in one of the tracks!This surprised me . I thought that surely the programmers would n't have overlooked such a big detail , and that i simply could n't find it . But after searching the track thoroughly , and looking for answers on the internet , I have accepted that there is , in fact , no shortcut area.Honestly , for a $ 15 Nintendo DS game , you 're probably getting your money 's worth .
 The game looks good and has some nice control features , but it is exactly the same game as Dune 2 in content .
 This game is a direct rip-off of Red Alert . It has almost the same structures and units . If you liked Red Alert and are looking for a different setting with new structures and units this is a game for you . There is almost no unit personality or reaction to a battle situation , they will only follow orders to the letter . The game has no strategy to it . The way to win is to build the most units and kill your enemys in an all-out rush of units . A huge problem in the fabric of units and structures is that there is no worker class -LRB- units solely built to build buildings or repair units in the heat of balttle .
 ok I have Windows 95 -LRB- it is an HP -RRB- and it says that it works on Windows 95 . when I installed it the computer shut off and it crashed !!! DO NOT GET SUPERBIKE !!!!
 I purchased Superbike World Championship after owning Superbike 2000 and 2001 . And I will tell you that Superbike World Championship is a game to be avoided . Superbike 2000 and 2001 are the very best Superbike games there is . The graphics are far superior to World Championship . For starters World Championship is a older game from 1997 , so the game look and feel fall short the graphics and game play are much better in 00 and 01 . The graphics in the two games almost look real and the game play is unmatched . So if you are looking for a great Superbike game go for Superbike 2001 . From now on I will only purchase games that have the year in the name to ensure that they are up to date and not old technology .
 This is a great game.The only way I play it is on an old demo disc.me , my brother , and my freind think this is a great game.I suggest this game to anyone who likes to crush heads and have other players flattened .
 Man I 've been waiting for games with this concept to be done really good . I wish I could lament the praises of this game as so many other b-movie monster fans have here . But I just ca n't ! Because WOTM fails ! It 's not a very good game ! The concept is there and good . But singing it 's praises stops there ! The Graphics are okay . But the big problem is that the gameplay absolutely stinks ! The controls are clunky and non responsive , the camera is bad , and as many other people have said ; the AI for one player adventure games is way too over the top in difficulty , even on easy mode . You 'll find yourself tag teamed to death by the computer without any slack , just too damn often ! I just had enough of this title after trying to give it a fair chance off and on over the last few months ... It makes a much more enjoyable coaster . : : sigh : : I 've given this game plenty of opportunities . Challenge is good ... Feeling time and time again that it 's better to be lucky than good to pass a level = Bad Game ! Mmmmmkay!I was neither too thrilled with the multi player gaming . Godzilla Destory all Monsters makes for much better multi player game!I can see why most hardcore gamers dislike this one ... . If your an overzealous B-Grade movie monster fan you may be able to forgive the definite problems with it . But definitely a rental first IMO .
 Being a huge fan of Twisted Metal Black , I could not wait to purchase and play War of the Monsters -LRB- both games are made by Incog -RRB- . I was ready for another highly creative and fun game that I could not put down . Boy was I disappointed . The controls are frustrating , the camera angles are EXTREMELY frustrating and confusing . Two buttons are used for attacking and your monster has the ability to grab various objects and use them either to throw or club an opponent , which is at first interesting , but soon becomes boring . I was hoping that the game would somehow incorporate the TMB 's scrolling of various weapons -LRB- do I want to blast the enemy with zoomy or use environmental to zap him with a blimp ? -RRB- but I found the attacks and fighting aspect of the game to be boring and routine . Even the monsters super attacks are uncreative and bland -LRB- where is the creative attacks like SweetTooth 's Special Attack ? -RRB- The environments are cool , but not as large , interesting , or moody as TMB . The gameplay quickly becomes monotonous and routine . The bottom line is that it contains none of the fun elements that Incog 's previous game , Twisted Metal Black had , and I found myself bored with it after a day and a half of playing .
 Incog was in production of this game , and true , this game does have some good graphics . True , the game includes several different monsters with different abilities . However , many faults lie in this game . The single-player is dull and tedious , where the computer AI is cheap and very cheap . True , this cheapness may work in Twisted Metal
 Maybe everybody else is playing a totally different game then me because I found War of the Monsters to be extremely frustrating and a huge letdown . I am a huge fan of Twisted Metal Black -LRB- both games are developed by Incog -RRB- , so I was counting the days for this game to be available , anticipating a game that I could n't put down . I have beaten the game with two of the characters and really have no interest in continuing . The controls are overly simple , two buttons for attacks and the ability to throw objects is at first a tad fun and interesting , but quickly becomes boring . The attacks lack the variety and fun of Twisted Metal Black , which are at first difficult to learn but tremendously entertaining when mastered . I wish they would have somehow incorporated TMB 's scrolling and choosing of weapons to use -LRB- should I blast him with Zoomy or use Environmental and have the blimp zap him ? -RRB- Even the monsters special attacks are -LSB- weak -RSB- . No where near the creativity and fun of Sweettooth 's special attack . WOTM environments are okay but not as large & complex or interesting as TMB . The camera angles are INCREDIBLY frustrating , I dont even know where to start when it comes to complaining about the camera angles . And the gameplay becomes monotonous and tedious after a days playing . I guess it comes down to expectations . It 's a decent game if you 're not expecting much , but if you 're hoping for a masterpiece like TMB , prepare to be let down . Incog should be ashamed of themselves -LRB- and give me my money back -RRB- .
 Do n't be mislead . Most of these reviews are from the demo . The actual game is HORRIBLE . First of all , you always have to fight at least two other monsters . This may sound cool , but only if you enjoy getting hit in the back by an opponent you ca n't see . And I 'm not talking about sometimes , turn the difficulty up and get impaled -LRB- during which you ca n't attack -RRB- EVERY 5 seconds if not more . And if you can actually fight without being interupted by exploding fuel tanks to the back of the head and and what not , then you 'll realize this game is nothing more than square , triange , and repeat . And the A.I is retarded at fighting , in a one on one at highest difficulty all you have to do is attack and you win . Their only chance for winning is from cheap shots and life regeneration/cowardly flees . And when you do get one of your opponents to low life , he runs away and fully recovers while you take various projectiles in the back by the opponent you ca n't see while chasing the fleeing coward . Do n't get me wrong , this is a great idea , but Incog . butchered it . Do yourself a favor and rent it first . But who knows , you non-gaming RPG fans might like the incredibly repetitive moves and non-fighting in this fighting game . I 'm sure glad I did n't buy this from playing the demo ; Otherwise I might pay a hostile visit to ol' Incog . Inc. . Oh , and just for the record ; `` Best game EVER '' , is being thrown around WAY too loosely nowadays .
 Do n't be mislead . Most of these reviews are from the demo . The actual game is HORRIBLE . First of all , you always have to fight at least two other monsters . This may sound cool , but only if you enjoy getting hit in the back by an opponent you ca n't see . And I 'm not talking about sometimes , turn the difficulty up and get impaled -LRB- during which you ca n't attack -RRB- EVERY 5 seconds if not more . And if you can actually fight without being interupted by exploding fuel tanks to the back of the head and and what not , then you 'll realize this game is nothing more than square , triange , and repeat . And the A.I is retarded at fighting , in a one on one at highest difficulty all you have to do is attack and you win . Their only chance for winning is from cheap shots and life regeneration/cowardly flees . And when you do get one of your opponents to low life , he runs away and fully recovers while you take various projectiles in the back by the opponent you ca n't see while chasing the fleeing coward . Do n't get me wrong , this is a great idea , but Incog . butchered it . Do yourself a favor and rent it first . But who knows , you non-gaming RPG fans might like the incredibly repetitive moves and non-fighting in this fighting game . I 'm sure glad I did n't buy this from playing the demo ; Otherwise I might firebomb Incog . Inc. . Oh , and just for the record ; `` Best game EVER '' , is being thrown around WAY too loosely nowadays .
 This game has some of the worst graphics I have ever seen . There is NO plot , and gets really old , annoying and boring after a while . This is a one-time play beat too easy type of game . It not worth you hard earned time or money .
 I have a Copperhead on my main tower , my brother has a Diamondback on his , the Krait had just come out and I thought it would be good for my laptop as it is smaller in size , and is designed for MMORPGs , RTSs and the like . I do my FPS on my main -LRB- better system -RRB- , and most of my EQ2/MMOs on my laptop . This mouse is WAY to sensitive and inaccurate for MMOs . It likes to jump around a bit , kind of like when the old ball mice would get crude on the ball and not spin right . With a resonable resolution the icons you want to click on are decently small , this mouse will just fly right past the icon . Targeting enemies is almost impossible , best to just let them hit you first . And trying to surf the web is an exercise in anger managment as it is VERY hard to hit the right button -LRB- back arrow , minimize , maximize , the right email to read -RRB- . I have turned the sensitivity all the way down to the point where it does n't do these things , and it runs slower than my old ball mouse making the purchese a pointless one as you buy it for the speed and accuracy.It does work ok for twitch FPSs though . Although with it 's small size , if you have normal sized or larger hands , this will only cause issues for your kill-shots . I can not say enough good things about my Copperhead or my bro 's Diamondback , but I can not recommend this PoS to anyone . I gave it 2 stars as it might be just the right mouse for someone , but I 've never met that person .
 Avoid this one ... I wondered about this game because I saw it cheap in a lot of shops . It looks like it could be interesting & fun . It 's just a bunch of chaos . Pointless , random chaos all around you is not fun . Trust me . Whatever the `` mission '' was at the time , the fact all these mindless `` AI '' -LRB- I use the term `` AI '' loosly here -RRB- are running wild in seemingly infinite numbers ruins the point of gaming . I got rid of it & the folks at the store I took it back to were like `` I feel you '' .
 I am of course referring to the PS2 version , but I feel it is my duty to warn any one that has not already played this game to beware . It was disguised as the `` most controversial game ever '' by some gaming magazines . Yeah right ... the only contoversy I saw was , `` what in the heck happened to my hard earned money ? `` In all fairness this game was fun for about an hour . Seeing the same chartacters over and over and over was more than I could take . Fortunately , I was able to take it back to my local video game shop confessing I had made a horrible mistake buying it.Rockstar tried to pull a fast one by shipping this one soon after GTA3 . Do n't let anyone fool you ... you could skip this game and never miss it .
 this game is cool that first , i have this game on ps2 and i have a xbox . in this game you can go and beat someone to death it fun and cool at first . the mission ... you may have to do the mission over and over and over again this will happen lot . the soundtrack ... . you play in a mall , city hall and more . the people who will enjoy this the most are people who are n't allowed to go in to a store to buy it .
 OK , when you first get this game it seems pretty fun because you have n't played very many missions , but after about 5 missions you realize that every mission is the same . The Chaos mode is pretty fun except that mode is so easy to beat . You can beat the four levels in 3 hours . The revoution mode takes a long time to beat , but every mission is the same and it gets really boring .
 This controll is very cheap but when you use it have a little problem . It have a pause when you push a buttom and the action on the tv so it is hard to play when you need a fast action/reaction of your controll .
 game was scratched , but I was finally refunded my money -- after I reminded the company . send return items guaranteed thru the post office -- it 's pays !
 I found out today , too late I guess , that this controller does n't even work . Not only did I have to wait 6 months to get the product , but when I finally do , it 's delivered inoperable . I 'll never buy from you again !
 These controllers are nice an comfortable , but that does n't matter if you ca n't play with them . The power draw from these controllers causes the GameCube to shut down , so they are pretty useless . I just bought the Wii , so I 'll see if they do the same when playing GameCube games on the Wii ...
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON , HE LOVED IT BUT IT ONLY LASTED ABOUT 2 WEEKS THEN EVERYTHING STARTED TO BREAK DOWN ON IT . WE HAD TO BUY A REPLACEMENT .
 Okay , here 's the deal with several of these older Disney games that say they 're both for the Mac and the PC . The CD you receive will only be a Windows version . You will have to contact the company and they will troubleshoot and say `` did you try this , and this , and this '' and then after you say you 've tried all of that then you 'll learn it 's only for Windows and they 'll have to send you the Mac version -- which has a few bugs and runs slow . -LSB- It 's the same problem we had with Disney Princess Magical Dress Up -- but that 's VERY buggy and I would n't recommend it . -RSB- The game is not new Tinkerbell . It 's old Tinkerbell or rather `` Peter Pan '' -LRB- think of the Disney movie `` Peter Pan -RRB- . Still , if you have an older computer -LRB- it works on both our single processor PowerMac running 9.2.2 . and an ibook running system 9 -RRB- and as there are n't many options for Tinkerbell , AND if your kid likes Peter Pan , Wendy , Lost Boys , etc. it 's worth the price if you can get it cheap .
 The sleeves were too tight to put on the product , and I wound up feeling like I was breaking the controler . I did n't thankfully , and just wound up throwing this out , it was n't worth the money or effort
 I bought this when it first came out , and frankly , it was terrible . I never quite completed it , because I became so frustrated with the gameplay -LRB- a bad attempt to mix `` arcade action '' along with `` timed puzzles '' and `` text-based adventure game '' -RRB- . It was never fun , to begin with , and it was always frustrating . It 's probably the worst game I 've ever played . The translation into the English language was even done very poorly -LRB- I believe it was originally in French ? -RRB- . Trust me ... it 's the worst PC game I 've ever played , and I have HUNDREDS of games I 've purchased and played -LRB- some only part-way , some I 've replayed multiple times -RRB- .
 A few years ago , the coolest thing to ever happen to gaming came to the playstation 2 . Wide open game playing . Give the game player a city and let them go . Give them a story to follow , but also give them some room to play and create their own story . Give the gamer multiple ways to accomplish the goals.This game IS THE EXACT OPPOSITE !! Time after time while I was playing BATMAN BEGINS I kept going from level to level and situation to situation and there 's is only ONE WAY or VERY FEW ways to accomplish each thing . If you do n't do things a certain way ... you are riddled with bullets and killed in seconds.THERE IS NO ROOM FOR CREATIVITY !! You have no choice but to defeat the bad guys in the EXACT SAME WAY that the GAME-WRITER planned it.This gets very old ... very fast.Of all superhero games that should adapt a wide-open theme . BATMAN IS IT !!! Come on GAME-WRITERS !! GOTHAM CITY for godsakes !! Let us have some fun.Please ... give us a BATMAN meets GRAND THEFT AUTO mix and we 'll love you for it.Anyway ... this game is a thrown together , repetitive mess . Do n't get me wrong , it 's a lot of fun playing as Batman and the graphics are pretty good . But , after completing about half the game , and getting killed 10 times everytime you enter a room with thugs ... until you get it down the way the game-writer intended it ... the game looses its excitement.After 2 levels of the game , you are all of sudden in the BATMOBILE or the TUMBELER . No explanation . No reason . But all of a sudden you are racing through Gotham chasing after dozens of bad guys in cars and running them down or running them off the road . WHY ? I do n't know . There 's was no story to it . Or reason . Just ... do it.Thrown together ... pointless ... repetitive ... promotional tool ... I mean ... come on ... I can see how hard it would be for someone to actually create a BRAND NEW character like say ... RATCHET & CLANK , or Rynn & Arohk , or Claire & Chris Redfield and have the gaming world embrace them ... but how do you screw it up when you have an already established character that everybody already loves like BATMAN?I tell you how ... you give them a one dimensional game that is about as fun as figuring out the maze in your local newspaper . Instead of giving them a game that lets the game player use their OWN MIND to figure out the best way to be Batman.Give us Gotham City . Give us random crimes . Give us a game where is it up to us if his identity is figured out . What crimes we 're gon na fight . Who we 're gon na save . The makers of Spiderman 2 figured this out.I wo n't buy another Batman game until they give us the wide open Grand Theft Auto format . Give us GOTHAM CITY to explore.This game ... actually sort of insults your intelligence as an individual . The game writer is basically saying that he 's the only one that knows the proper way to fight each thug and each situation . Keep your creative ideas to yourself .
 My favorite super hero is batman . the graphics is all right . but everything else is garbage . you do the same thing every level . You grapple here , interogate him get the password . scare these guy 's they get so called terrified . Beat them up game over . I got one word.Garbageyes I am over 13 and I cant spell . all I need to know how to spell is garbage . I like this reveiw stuff .
 I will be frank , this game sukes , I do n't know why I bought this piece of crap.They say this game is good and I am telling you it is nonsense . The graphics are AWFUL and I was surprised to see so many people appreciated it , I wonder if they know what they are talking about . The character models are AWFUL , they look like they were made to fit PS1 with no decent details at all ! The character movements just FAKE , and the game RARELY apply the law of physics , and when I was playing the game I asked myself did they really have motion capture or not , because it seems the character is like puppet controled by invisible lines.The overall game experience of 1st time is all right , but the game is not worth to play several times through as there is only one route or method can be used to go through levels , even in 1st time , if you get used to the game very quick like me , you will simply be bored of the game . If it was not for the bonus unlockables , I will not finish the game even once.Another thing is that this game plays REALLY like Splinter Cell and Burn Out -LRB- in 2 levels -RRB- but it does n't have the quality -LRB- in terms of overall graphics -RRB- of these two . The good thing is that it took a step further from these games but still too much alike . To tell you the truth , if it is n't for batman 's sake , I would definitely buy Splinter Cell and Burn Out instead of this game.Ok , on to some good things about this game . The sound track is quite cool and although i wish they used the same score from the movie , the sound effect fits the game quite well.The game plays like a complementary to the movie that sort of complete the experience from the movie . This is maybe the only reason you should consider if you want to purchase this game.The game have some movie clips from the movie . This is both pros and cons . The pro is that they made the gaming experience more like a movie experience . The con is that it made you -LRB- at least for me -RRB- dislike the character models and movements even more.The controls and maneuverability is quite good , and very easy to get used to.The fear system is VERY cool , it boosts your batman experience a lot.To sum up , comparing to Metal Gear Solid 2 & 3 and Splinter Cell 1-3 , Batman Begins -LRB- the game -RRB- is rubbish . However , if you do n't mind at all the negatives I mentioned , and you are a fan of batman , then this game is for you .
 This software really is poorly written . The Hearts game does not allow you to follow standard playing rules ; the Poker , and especially the Texas Hold 'Em is not a true game of chance as it is programmed against the game player . When playing Blackjack , if you buy insurance , the dealer never has blackjack , when you do n't buy it , it does have blackjack . The pegs on the cribbage board disappears when it makes the turn to the new column .
 This may be fun if it worked . There are problems with Spades , Rummy , Blackjack and Hearts and I did not even play all the games . I definitely would not recommend buying this software . You wo n't notice the problems right away but these games all have problems in scoring . Spades freezes up with error messages when bidding and scoring , Rummy has problems with scoring , Blackjack wo n't let you buy insurance and Hearts has a problems in bidding . I ca n't speak of the other games as I uninstalled and returned the product before playing any more .
 This product is completely unreliable . I was told this by a game store before I bought , but got it anyway because it is much cheaper than the Nintendo brand memory . It is completely unreliable , just like the store said it would be . Do n't buy this ! Now my kid is upset , has lost all the progress he made on two games , and has to start over with a Nintendo brand memory card . Perhaps it is Nintendo 's fault and not Intec 's but none the less this one is a looser .
 After 2-3 months of use , game file showed up but was corrupted and unreadable . If you do get this and you can copy your save games into multiple slots , try to save several copies , as some may still be readable after your save games corrupt .
 You would have no more than 10 % of a brain -LRB- of the part you use -RRB- to buy this . You can get one with 20 more gb for $ 500 less . Unless you think you 're going to buy this and keep it unopened for a long time and try to sell it in the future , since the 60gb are not being made anymore . But even then it wo n't be worth $ 900 . That is outrageous .
 Nobody , I mean nobody is going to buy a Playstation 3 for that much ! Holy s ** t ! At least I would hope nobody buys a PS3 for $ 800 .
 The LED light on the reciever flashes as though it is recieving a signal , but the remote does not work .
 Yeh i bought this P.O.S. system and it worked pretty well.Played it for a few hours one day turned it off then turned it on the next day and poof there goes the system !?!?!?! Like 90 other people have had this problem and isnt if funny how inteclink.com does n't have a phone number . Hmmmmmmm makes ya wonder about the quality of this system . If ya want a decent relatively cheap system i say go with the Sony 420-Watt 5.1-Channel Home Theater System with Digital AM/FM Tuner . Cheap , nice , good , NOT INTEC .
 The darn thing just does n't work ! After the first week , it broke for no apparent reason . I took it back to Toy R Us and they woud n't give me my money back because I had thrown away the boxes , but they did exchanged it for another one . Two weeks later , the piece of crap broke too . What a rip off !!!!
 This product was great while it worked . After two weeks , it broke . My mom is having trouble getting the manufacturer to honor the warranty .
 I bought it with a giftcard i won at a crappy ass website , i got the free giftcard , and left ! HAHAHAHA.Anyway the sound is ok , but then after like 5 months the sound kinda stopped . so yea .
 I bought this system because I thought that it was the new Xbox 5.1 system that I read about on TechTV that won the 2004 CES best of show by Spherex Inc - www.spherexinc.com . It was n't . What a piece of S *** . This thing is not 5.1 . It has no Dolby Digital/DTS Decoding . The speakers are cheap . It sounds horrible . It looks cheap . DO NOT BUY THIS . YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET !!!!!!!!!!
 This system works great if you can keep it to work . But also ive recently bought 2 of these and both just quit on me . I could hear the sound through the headphones but not through the speakers . There is no reset button and i have no clue what do . Im now going to buy the monster game 5.1 surround to see how that works . If you get this i hope you can keep it to work and i never turned it up that loud so it was really weird why it just died :-LRB- Thanx
 I took about a week to leave where it was coming and then it went GA It past my state but two days after that it came . .
 This game states that it is Mac OS X compatible , however the software fails to install on Intel based iMac running Snow Leopard . After researching issue , found OEM 's website states that this software is not compatible with Leopard .
 I purchased this product for my Mac because I had good experiences with Reel Deal products for my Windows machine . The product description when I purchased the game did not say that it was only compatible with older versions of the Mac OS . The newer OS 's -LRB- Snow Leopard , etc. -RRB- do not support this game , and the game will not run . I had to call the customer service line to find this out , and was told that there was no refund policy for my purchase and that support for newer systems was n't forthcoming . Eventually they will release other products for the newer OS , but will not make their older games compatible . I wish I could give a better review because I 've had good experiences in the past . Unfortunately , this was not one of those good experiences .
 Was looking forward to installing this product . IT WILL NOT INSTALL ON A MACBOOK PRO . IT CRASHES ON INSTALLMENT.Reel Deal has not responded to questions about the installation .
 First off , if you have Windows XP , the software that comes with the controller wo n't work , so you ca n't really use the shift button the way it 's meant to be used . It works fine other than that , but my only major problem with it is for some reason my laptop often does n't recognize it 's plugged in . It 's pretty annoying , but still usable . I got it just because I wanted the cheapest functioning gamepad I could find , and I would n't recomment it for any purpose other than that .
 It SUCKS !!! This controller does n't work with Windows XP . Buy it at your own risk !!!
 I bought a used MS Sidewinder Force Feedback 2 Joystick through Amazon Marketplace . It arrived poorly packaged , the hat switch did n't work -LRB- from improper packaging -RRB- , and the item was worn to the point where it did n't function correctly.I have been waiting five months since returning and have not gotten my money back , and have not heard from the company responsible.Aperently we are on our own when using Amazon Marketplace .
 ok . what makes me mad is that it would NOT work on my computer for some reason . I must of put it on about 100 times -LRB- not really -RRB- and it have never worked . I did bring it back to radio shack and they wouldnt accept it back because it didnt work on my computer . so then i was really angry . so i think he didnt accept it back because he thought i broken it . so afterwards , i fought with the man for about 4 or 5 minutes then came home and emailed microsoft . microsoft did not write an email back in less then 10 days so I called . finally , after 2 weeks of waiting , i can bring this useless thing that dont work on my 128k modem , Windows ME computer . so from now on , i do not want anything to do with microsoft .
 I bought this for my son hoping he would enjoy more software titles . The stupid thing works with ONE title . Luckily , it was his favorite game . But once I eliminated the incredibly expensive , the too violent and th etoo explicit software , the stupid device only worked with a half a dozen titles.Sorry Mr. Gates , this one goes against your usual standards .
 I bought this thinking that it was a Microsoft product and that I would have no problems with operating system compatibility for that reason . When I received it , I found that it is n't compatible with Windows Vista and Microsoft no longer supports it at all because they sold off the sidewinder products to another company . I returned this product and purchased a Saitek X52 Pro joystick . The Saitek does n't have force feedback but has a lot more functionality than the Microsoft Sidewinder and is fully compatible with Vista .
 This is a 32-bit joystick for which Microsoft no longer provides support . It will not function on 64-bit systems such as Windows XP-64 or Windows 7 .
 You would have to be stupid to buy this microsoft hardware . Although this joystick works with the current Windows XP operating system -LRB- not very well though -RRB- , as soon as they come out with a new operating system this joystick wo n't work with it . I learned about this when i tried to install my sidewinder precision pro with microsoft xp and found out that windows will not update their hardware to force users to buy new products . Choose another manufacturer such as Wingman , who will update their products software to work with any new operating systems .
 I 've been burned by Microsoft twice before with Sidewinder joysticks . The first time I bought one was when I had Windows 98 . It was a Sidewinder Pro . Great joystick , plug n play , all that . When I migrated to Windows 2000 , I found that the Sidewinder Pro was not supported -LRB- despite being analog -- you 'd think it would be easy to program drivers for it -RRB- . I thought , `` Okay , maybe there are problems , blah blah blah . '' I then bought a Sidewinder Force Feedback Pro , again , great product , plug n play , all that . Worked great . When I migrated again to Windows XP I found AGAIN it was n't supported by Microsoft . There is NO reason why a company such as Microsoft can not support their own products on their own operating system . I will NEVER buy a Sidewinder again . I ca n't trust them . Buy anything else . I 've had great luck with the Wingman Digital Extreme -- $ $ $ at ... -- excellent buy !
 Notice at the bottom they pledge they have no plans to update their own software under XP.These joysticks are well built , control amazingly well and a joy for all flight simmers and gamers . It 's just sad that you would have to be very dumb to buy one of these knowing that Microsoft will ditch you and leave you with a big , useless paperweight the moment the FF Pro 3 comes along.Anyone want to buy like-new , but totally useless Force Feedback Pro joystick , steering wheel and Sidewinder Gamepad ? That 's what I 'm left with for not going with Logitech or another company since Microsoft will not support their own products under XP .
 I really have to wonder about some of the recent reviews on this sidewinder . I wonder if they are written by people selling this unit -LRB- no authorized dealers sell the sidewinder for a year , it is only third party sellers -RRB- . Microsoft discontinued this a year ago along with ALL support . It will not work with with XP . just google sidewinder , usb and joystick and you will see many many people who are having problems . I am not talking about n00bs , but experts on various gaming and flight sim boards.It will work one day and not the next , you need to do some pretty serius registry hacks once a week.and as I said microsoft will tell you they have nto supported this joystick for a year , and have removed all their supporet pages . If you mention this joystick and xp , they will say , sorry , can not help you at all .
 I purchased a Sidewinder Force feedback Pro several years ago . soon afterwards Microsoft stopped supporting it . even for their own operating systems . It now sits in a closet totally useless except for win 98 systems . I have tried numerous times to find drivers or some way to make it work with any of the newer operating systems with no luck . All Microsoft has to say about it is that `` It is no longer supported '' . I will never again purchase a product from them . Buyer Beware .
 I am suspicious of anyone who says this USB version works with XP . I half wonder if it the seller sof the used itmes that are posting such misinformationIf you look on various gaming fourms you will see that this model will NOT work well with USB and XP . people have all kinds of headaches.Microsoft does NOT support this device one iota . I d do not mean their support is poor , I mean their website itself says they no longer support this at all . thye removed their support pages long ago . no drivers no fixes etc.miorosft no longer makes , sells or supports ANY sidewinders.the only place you will find them is NON-authorized vendors -LRB- note amazon is not sellng this item , it is from a thrid party . -RRB-
 Although I loved this joystick for the short period of time I was able to use it , Microsoft officially stopped supporting it with the release of Windows XP . This is a poor decision by a company to no longer support their own -LRB- rather expensive -RRB- hardware . Especially when competitors , such as Logitech , continually release new drivers and software to ensure that you do n't lose out on your hardware investment when a new version of the Windows operating system is released.You 'll notice a lot of reviews disputing whether or not the joystick still works with XP . I should clarify that I can still use my joystick -LRB- which is not the USB model , but the one that plugs into your soundcard 's game port -RRB- for basic functionality , but the joystick 's control software is no longer supported . This software allows you to create and save profiles that map the joystick 's controls to various features in a game . -LRB- For example , mapping the joystick 's main trigger to the `` Y '' key and its secondary trigger to the `` X '' key . -RRB- This functionality is vital to being able to use the joystick beyond its most basic use of moving in the direction you point the stick.My advice is to pass on Microsoft 's PC gaming hardware and instead buy your hardware from a company with a proven record of ensuring support for new versions of the Windows OS . I wish I had .
 After upgrading to Windows XP , my Microsoft Precision Pro Joystick is no longer programmable . Here is the information from their own website : Windows XP compatibility for SideWinder game port devicesThis section applies to you if you own one of the following SideWinder game port devices : SideWinder Force Feedback Pro , SideWinder Precision ProSideWinder Force Feedback Wheel -LRB- game port version only -RRB- , SideWinder Game Pad , SideWinder 3D ProThe SideWinder software -LRB- version 3.02 -RRB- included with these SideWinder game port devices is designed to work with Microsoft Windows 95 or Windows 98 . If you have Windows 2000 or Windows XP , the operating system includes device drivers for these game controllers listed above , so the device will function properly on both Windows 2000 and Windows XP . However , the accompanying SideWinder software -LRB- version 3.02 or any previous version -RRB- will not function , so you will not be able to create profiles for these devices using the SideWinder software on Windows 2000 or Windows XP . Microsoft is not planning to update the SideWinder software -LRB- version 3.02 -RRB- for game port devices .
 This is a wonderful stick but ... . Its not all they say , i got a sidewinder pro , best stick i ever had and still use it . It 's seen it share of VERY hard battles and still works great except for the rudder drifting . So i thought the second gen would be even better , while the programming software was MUCH better this stick had a few flaws : no shift button -LRB- for double macros -RRB- THE HAT BROKE !!! Within a WEEK !!! I was in a hard dogfight and surprise , hat wo n't work . I use it to slide and it could n't take the abuse . My old one works great and never gives out under the worst abuse . Also when i `` removed '' the new one the software would not remove or let me plug my old stick back in . I restored my system and got my old one to work.The # 2 button is really a pain because it 's just low enough that you ca n't use the hat and puch the button without a hassle.All in all , the joysticks were the only thing i liked about MS and now i am looking at other models.PS
 It will not install . Does it work with Windows ME ? Who knows ... If you value your time , and want to use your computer rather than figuring it out , do n't buy this joystick . One would think with the install wizard it would take no more than 10 minutes to install the software ... WRONG ... THINK AGAIN ! If you do n't get ERROR MESSAGES ! it probably will install quickly . Why would anyone want a game item that requires them to go to the website troubleshooting and spend more of your time trying to fix the damn thing ? That makes you a computer repairman not a computer user . A game should be fun ... that does n't sound like fun to me , does it sound like fun to you?And what 's this , static electricity , wo n't work , keep it away from your computer ; you 've got to be kidding ! Get the # $ @ % outta heah!My recommendation
 I 've been burned by Microsoft twice before with Sidewinder joysticks . The first time I bought one was when I had Windows 98 . It was a Sidewinder Pro . Great joystick , plug n play , all that . When I migrated to Windows 2000 , I found that the Sidewinder Pro was not supported -LRB- despite being analog -- you 'd think it would be easy to program drivers for it -RRB- . I thought , `` Okay , maybe there are problems , blah blah blah . '' I then bought a Sidewinder Force Feedback Pro , again , great product , plug n play , all that . Worked great . When I migrated again to Windows XP I found AGAIN it was n't supported by Microsoft . There is NO reason why a company such as Microsoft can not support their own products on their own operating system . I will NEVER buy a Sidewinder again . I ca n't trust them . Buy anything else . I 've had great luck with the Wingman Digital Extreme -- $ 28 at WalMart -- excellent buy !
 Bought this new joystick thinking it would be a breeze and had all the options I wanted . Nightmares soon followed when trying to install . Not Compatible with Windows XP at all !!! Also will not detect on Game Controllers . Will be buying a new joystick and add this on to the daughters `` act like daddy on the computer '' pile .
 I only gave this a star because i had to . this jostick -LSB- stinks -RSB- , I have used 12 different joysticks and this one was the worst . Lets say you have a full weekend of nothing but spare time , it will be half over once it has been succesfully installed on XP . then lets say you do n't mind having to restart your computer several times after dissconecting the stick and then reconnecting it after about an hour or so of playing due to `` static build up because it has a metal bottom '' according to about 45 minutes of serching microsoft.com and phone calls to their customer service . it is STILL a bad stick after all that . the movement is kind of choppy the button arrangement is REALLY annoying -LRB- i wan na press button # 2 not # 3 -RRB- and it dosent have enough buttons for most games and you constantly have to reach over to the keybord , BIG disadvantage and its not very durable , i like to think i 'm not that rough on things , i probobly am but by the 2nd week it would n't respond to the # 3 , button 2 days later # 2 and # 4 went out -LRB- by the end of the week i probobly would only have been able to change direction -RRB- , but needless to say i went back to the very solid precision pro which has been one of the best sticks i 've ever had next to a couple that cost 2-3 times as much . so all in all the precision 2 -LSB- stinks -RSB- , get it 's predesesor and you ca n't go wrong -LRB- all the people who say pro is bad probobly just ca n't do hardly anything with hardware and/or software other than use it after someone else gets it ready -RRB- . basicly on a scale of 1-5 the precision 2 gets a 0 and the precision pro gets a 6 .
 I am unable to make this product from Microsoft work reliably with either a Windows 98 or XP platform ; and , forget trying to find help on their website . I 've tried . On one occasion I was able to remove all USB hardware and reinstall the joystick driver first ; however , the operating system will always eventually loose awarness of the device and henceforward ignore it no matter how many times the drivers are removed and reinstalled . I think Microsoft should stay out of the hardware business , their software has them overchallenged .
 Length :
 They have proved they wo n't support them in the future by not providing a driver for the Precision Pro for Windows XP . BUY ANOTHER BRAND like SAITEK .
 There is absolutely no support for it , drivers or anything . Microsoft drops its product support for anything it makes within 2 years after its release . Logitech is DEFINITELY the way to go for a flight stick/gamepad !!
 Microsoft Sidewinder Precision 2 Joystickthere is no driver for windows xp -LRB- not work on cd includet -RRB- , so waste of money
 Well I just read John 's reveiw and it really sounded kinda familiar ... . I 've just killed my second SPP2 trying to get it to work with my computer . It seems to work fine the first time i use it but the next day when I start my computer up and try to play a game of Mechwarrior 4 my joystick is `` Not Detected '' I 'm gon na definately not get another SPP2 again well hey I might cash in my warrenty a third time and sell to it a freind for some cash hehe . DO N'T BUY THIS IT 'S VERAH VERAH BAAAD !
 I did n't like this game . I play games as a way to relax between work , a way to escape , a way to keep my mind stimulated . Alida did n't do this for me . Most of the time I was n't quite sure why I was running back and forth doing things , and I never could figure out the whole logic -LRB- or whatever -RRB- with setting the planets in those covered trays and had to do them all trial and error -LRB- and must have done them wrong since there was no indication when you got them right -- the other segments had some means of letting you know when things were set correctly -RRB- . When I finally go to the part where all the various items had been fiddled with and the lost chord should have played to open the vaults , nothing happened . I sat there for a minute thinking about what was probably off and decided that whatever the ending , it had to be pretty sucky since the beginning premise was pretty lame -- and I decided it was n't worth going back and refiguring anything . I just uninstalled it , took the game to work for someone else to try -LRB- for free -RRB- . There was no initial reason for me -LRB- as the hero -RRB- to want to go find whatever-the-woman 's - name-was boyfriend -LRB- I 'm rather sick of someone telling me something needs to be done , I 've gotten to the point where I 'm going , `` why ca n't you do it yourself you lazy bum ??? '' -RRB- and since adjusting all those gizmos did n't give me any incentive , I did n't feel any need to successfully complete the game . I seriously could not think of anything good -LRB- or interesting -RRB- happening if I 'd just go back and correct my wrong setting -- so I uninstalled . It was n't fun , the graphics were just okay by today 's high standard , a little more incentive would have gone a long way to encourage this player to want to find the final solution .
 I was hoping this game was going to be more exciting like Riven but it fell short.First of all , the music is almost non existent which hurts the game and when it is cued , it 's not that good.Second , the puzzles , while some of them are good , the rest are very tedious work of going back and forth moving parts which takes a long time and gets very boring.Third , you keep waiting for something to happen in this game that never does.Some of the puzzles are very hard , but I like that ... There are parts in the story that make no sense.It 's tries so hard to be like riven that sometimes during the game , I wondered how they did n't get sued by Ubisoft by the blatant rip-offs in scenery and machinery and storyline.If you like Riven , Myst games , give it a whirl , just do n't expect much ...
 I play lots of adventure games . I 'm smarter than your average bear . The puzzles were just stupid.Here is an example . You look in a window , and an old lamp is flickering . You are supposed to count the flickers , they are a code . A code to what ? Another , totally unrelated puzzle far away . How do you know this ? You cheat and use a walkthrough.The puzzles are so random . When you read the solution , you do n't go `` ah ha ! '' you go `` What the heck ? '' . With every adventure game , you sometimes have to go to a walkthrough to get unstuck . This game requires walkthrough help all the way through.Too bad , the graphics were kind of cool , the idea had potential , it 's just the puzzles that failed this game .
 i cant rate this game because it would not play on the system and it was to late to return it
 When a Rainbow Six game would come out , I would be excited because I liked the game . Yet now it is losing `` brownie points '' with me . Game after game , each one only has a few new weapons and places to kill people . That 's the other thing , the gun shots to the players and enemies are not realistic . Most people , when shot , bleed more and die in much more painful ways . The game 's AI and weapons are the only reason I give this game two stars . If you are a Die Hard fan like I was , then you 'll like this . But sooner or later , you will be fed up with this ficticious game . If I were you , I would try Soldier of Fortune . As realistic as can be . It 's explosive realism makes it difficult to tell the difference between it being a game or real life .
 Half of this pack was n't worth using . Kind of bummed but you get what you paid for ! I would n't waste your money on it .
 Whoaaa ... . Not a lot to say about this game ... A cool weapon attack looks like a slap in the face -LRB- and sometimes sounds like one too ! -RRB- , kicks are just a mess , jump attacks are ninja pro -LRB- but just a bit too much ninja for the Ninja Turtles ... -RRB- , and i dont even know WHAT happens in a combo attack ; suddenly my enemy just falls down and then MAGICALLY comes right back up ... . Okay kinda creepy ... The game -LRB- on some maps -RRB- randomly like freezes ! And then suddenly im knocked down ! Its actually kinda fun on some maps , if they would just play well ! Weapons are kinda lame , you dont even know what youre picking up , not much guidance , etc. . . I dont know about this game ... I really dont ... Its kinda hit or miss ... If it sounds fun , get it , but be warned , it might just kick you in the face if you arent paying attention !
 I purchased this item for Ray Lewis memorabilia . This item says &#34; New &#34; . When i received it in the mail , the paper game box was bent and it showed sticker residue on it , showing stickers were took off . The actual game box itself and game is brand new but not the the outside box . I was expecting the whole thing to be brand new . Not &#34; used &#34;
 Well , I 've waited , bought and played Madden 2005 collector 's edition . Unfortunately , I 'm not too impressed with it 's output this season.Graphically , the game looks pretty good . The players are relatively detailed , but the fields are n't as sharp as I 'm accustomed to . I tend to love ESPN 's graphics a lot more , but in reality , I like good playability over everything else.The offense is n't supposed to be too overpowering this season , though I 'm putting up almost 38 points a game with a lackluster Ravens offense . Pass deep , lead the reciever , and it 's a TD . The running game gets stuffed a lot easier this year , as the defenses are pretty nasty on the line , it 's just unfortunate that the secondaries are garbage.The defense has been tuned up nicely , and hitting a running back three yards behind scrimmage is a blast . The hits are pretty serious . Again , the deep passing game is still a joke , as most d 's get burned.I have n't gone online yet , as I 'm just not impressed with the game overall , so I really have n't bothered too much with it . I 'm sure the online capabilities are just as good as always , but I can not be sure.The presentation of the games is pretty weak . It has no television feel , and it 's the same Michaels/Madden dribble from the last three or four years , so if you 've heard maddenisms in the past , be sure to have them repeated over and over and over again . The replays throughout the game happen during the play selection , which means you can watch them , but your play clock ticks away . If you choose a play , the replay ends . Like I said , no television feel.Overall , Im pretty un-impressed with the gameplay , and will definitely be trying ESPN 's foray into the 2005 season , as I 've always been very impressed with their graphics , sound and playability.If you 're a diehard Madden owner , this game will probably satisfy you . Unfortunately , the franchise has not gotten better over the past few years , and this attempt shows it .
 I liked this game but just wish the levels would ` nt look all the same.It got boring after awhile . Thank goodness it was quick to beat , otherwise I would of turned it off and forgot about it .
 This game is really boring ! Do not get it ! It has no point , Get patrick a gift , Whoopdiedooooo ! All you do is get Mermaid man and Barnical Boy stuff ! Nothing for patrick exept a lousy Autograph !
 I thought about buying this game . I 'm glad that I did n't . My little brother let me borrow his copy of the game . I am glad that I played his copy before buying this piece of trash.It is a shame to rip off little kids like this.There is * ~ NO ~ * action at all . All SpongeBob does is jump around . Can we say a captail BOARING !! Do n't waste your time or your money on this piece of trash.I love the SpongeBob game for Game Boy Color . I ca n't wate to try the SpongeBob game for PS2 -LRB- Playstation 2 -RRB- and the GBA -LRB- Game Boy Advance -RRB- . I bought my little brother SpongeBob for Game Boy Color and he let me play it I just LOVE it and I am not a fan of SPongeBob 's . I do n't watch the show . I will only watch it if my little brother is watching it.I would have given this game zero stars but that is not an option .
 Within the first few minutes of playing this game I was left saying `` What the hell ?! '' Mind you I can play a game with a stupid premise , but not a game with a stupid premise and crappy gameplay all in one place . If your an experienced gamer this game will only leave you pissed off because of bad gameplay , and poorly explained objectives , which only left me with the urge to punch the penguins that I already wanted to punch after watching Happy Feet . So remember folks if you enjoy fun things avoid this game and if you do n't want to lose your soul to the suckage of this piece of garbage .
 I bought this game for my Son who is 5 and not only a great gamer but a major SpongeBob fan . Anyway , he found the game hard and frustrating . I 've tried it myself and can say honestly that there is too much going on in the game . You have to watch not to lose spatulas or else you die , you need to catch jelly fish , you have to beware of pinching snails and air attacks from other sea critters . It 's just annoying ! But it is still cute !
 I havent played the game yet but from what i have heard so far it seems like a great game . Thats also the reason I gave it only 1 star otherwise it would be higher probably . Im not really that sure if I want to but it yet but Im willing to give the game a try !
 Do not buy this game if you have XP service pack 2 installed , It will not run , and the developer has no plans to fix it .
 I desperately wanted to like this game . As a strategy RPG , Hoshigami occupies a very niche corner of the video game world . Truthfully , I 'm obsessed with strategy RPGs , and I 'm always eager to devour new ones -LRB- which are rare , you see -RRB- . Games like Tactics Ogre and Final Fantasy Tactics , two titles which heavily influence Hoshigami , are some of my all-time favorites . I love them for their exciting battles and elaborate character micromanagement systems.So , when I started up Hoshigami , I was impressed . It looks pretty good -LRB- along the lines of Final Fantasy Tactics -RRB- , the story is interesting , and it seems intelligently designed , intricate , and difficult . I love a challenge . But I was betrayed ... as I played further , Hoshigami became a chore , subject to a stupid loophole in the gameplay that made the entire thing quite ridiculous -LRB- I will explain below -RRB- . The big ` innovation ' here is the RAP system . Each character has RAP points , which are consumed by executing actions -LRB- movement , attacks , etc. -RRB- I can see how a system like this could be applied to enhance the game 's strategy , but something went wrong . In the end , the system only empowers certain characters to make an extra attack or move a few more spaces every turn . All that really happens is you end up pressing the button a few more times every turn , which makes already slow battles slower . Oh my . Why not just give a character more movement ? More attacks?Spells appear on little goodies called Coinfeigms . You can equip characters with Coinfeigms , and elective magic is an idea I really like . The number of Coinfeigms to be collected is very impressive , too . However , they are entirely useless . For all the game 's difficulty , spells imbued in Coinfeigms are hopelessly underpowered . Further evidence that spells are completely unavailing is found in the fact that as I played through the game , none of my characters were ever slain by an enemy 's spell.In Hoshigami 's polytheistic world , your characters develop skills by following a specific god and gaining powers through devotion . Devotion levels rise just like experience levels , so fighting makes you more devoted , getting you more abilities ... right ? Right . This was a very intriguing idea -LRB- unique skills according to different gods -RRB- , but the developers messed up . Firstly , it takes forever to raise your levels . The stretches between levels are long , long , LONG . Secondly , the skills you earn with higher devotion levels are almost always useless . These two things make the game very difficult.And I mean VERY difficult . Anyone who plays Hoshigami is sure to get slaughtered several times in the first few battles . The enemies are far more powerful than your team , and you are almost always outnumbered . Plus , if a character dies , he 's dead -- resurrection only becomes possible much later in the game . Initially , I was glad for a challenge , but there is a fine line between `` challenging '' and `` morbidly frustrating '' ... and Hoshigami crosses that line.The only _ apparent _ way to strengthen your party is to enter the Towers of Trial , which serve as training grounds for your characters . The Towers made me want to kill myself , quite honestly . They are stunningly boring , with repetitive battle maps , monsters , and everything else . I did n't want to train in these Towers , which were degenerating my sanity , but how else could I be match for the game 's ridiculously hard battles?So I discovered the `` stupid loophole '' I mentioned above . Instead of using a full team of characters , I used just two
 I bought this game because of one reason . I love Final Fantasy Tactics . Hoshigame does share many elements in FFT , but this game is extremely difficult . In FFT , I level up some of my characters to 99 , and breeze through the game . But you ca n't do the same in Hoshigami . Enemies in this game are at same level as your highest level character . Above that , your facing two to one , or three to one odds . This game is so hard that I had given up . I had never reset so many times in a game since FFT . Hoshigami could have been one of the greatest title if it was n't so difficult . I would only recommend this game only if you have enormous amount of free time and a hardcore strategy gamer . You can only beat this game if your ' e an expert on strategy games . Which I 'm not .
 You may have heard that Hoshigami is another Final Fantasy Tactics . Perhaps if you just glanced at the jewel case you 'd think so , but five minutes of play time will tell you that is no where close . I thought IGN was being hateful giving this game a 4/10 but after playing it , I can assure you that was a generous rating.The graphics are nice , and the interface is n't too bad once you turn all the navigation menus off . But that 's where the similarity ends.The story is n't as interesting , and the battles are longer , more tedious and massively , massively tougher . Mix that with the fact that your only hope of staying ahead is fighting countless battles in the so-called Tower of Trial , and you get one completely frustrating and boring game . -LRB- Every single level is the same , a few enemies in a big square room . With maybe some holes in the floor thrown in . Big fun there . -RRB- It * IS * possible to beat hoshigami , but after an hour or two , you 'll probably be like me and start wondering why anyone would bother . Essentially , if you take FFT , strip out the music , the storyline , the random battles , the various monsters , and the class system , and then make it so hard that every battle is a mix between tedious and maddening , you 'd have Hoshigami.Don ' t buy this one , do n't even rent it . You 'll regret it . The whole point of gaming is to have fun is n't it ? Somebody should remind Atlus .
 When I first saw Hoshigami , I bought it immediatly , thinking that Atlas had finally done what no other producer had done to date
 But it does . Apart from the fact its too hard -LRB- any game were you HAVE to take lots of time in between game quests and level up is to hard -RRB- ; the control freaking -LSB- stinks -RSB- ! It takes 8 , EIGHT ! Bottom presses just to tell your char ' to do nothing and defend ! God help you if you want to attack or move . Why the development team thought that would be a cool interface is beyond me , all I can think is that why did n't bother playing it before release . It may sound minor , but the control is the most important part of a game . You have to use it though the whole thing . If it -LSB- stinks -RSB- , the whole game will .
 Even with extensive experience involving various incarnations of the strategy genre , I have never discovered a game quite as frustrating as Hoshigami . Difficult challenges can be entertaining or provide an innovative approach to dealing with situations within a video game ; however , the pure difficulty of this game is absurd . Many of the challenges presented are completely unwarranted and unnecessary . Inevitable defeat is manifested in the very battle of your own mediocre characters versus god-like opponents.Imagine this scenario
 Yay , paychecks in , I 'm going to the mall , oh lookie , a new tactics rpg , and look !! it 's by Atlus ! 45 $ ? sure thing ! ... So I go home , put it in , it 's sort of interesting ... but not really dragging me into it , the way tactics ogre or vandal hearts did ... but I press on , because , I did spend money on it ... First three battles ... Not that difficult , but still , definitely harder then ones from other games I 've played , but hey , that 's alright , I do n't mind a hard game , if it 's fun ... But it 's not , ever ... I kept playing hoping for some big moment when I 'd think it was all worth it , but it never came , I just wasted more and more hours , finally I beat the game , more out of habit then actually wanting to , as soon as I beat it , I put it back in its case , drove back to the mall , and sold it to the clerk at the store I bought it at for 9 $ ... technically it 's not his fault I bought the game , but since he worked at the store I bought it at , I felt I could get some revenge ...
 My rating = -1 / 0 -LRB- negative infinity -RRB- stars ... . this is a veterate FFT clone
 Strategy RPG 's ... my favorite genre of games , the perfect balance between story and gameplay . I first acquired Hoshigami about a year after it came out , it took a lot of effort to find it since their were n't many copies to begin with . So , was it worth it ? Not really , now to explain why.First off some pluses , the game does two things which I really like in Strategy RPG 's
 When I first saw Hoshigami , I bought it immediatly , thinking that Atlas had finally done what no other producer had done to date
 When I first saw Hoshigami , I bought it immediatly , thinking that Atlas had finally done what no other producer had done to date
 Yucki poo.That 's the simplest way i can write this . Hoshigami is just not a game i like . The fighting sequences are very predictable , confusing , and L -- O -- N -- G. Also , when equpping , and even hiring characters/mercenaries it can get very confusing and muddled . The only thin i liked -LRB- and the part that stopped me from giving this game a zero -RRB- were it 's very nicely drawn characters .
 This game was not fun for me . Final Fantasy Tactics was a much better game . Tactics was released in 98 and Hoshigami was released in 01 . Tactics was released almost 4 years before Hoshigami . Check the dates .
 this game is one of the worst games ever made befor . if you people what good game get final fantasy 2,3,4,5,6 , and 7 thoes are good ones and lunar 1 and 2 . they are much batter than Hoshigami
 I bought this game hoping for a solid showing from 989 sports on this year 's NCAA basketball edition . The graphics were incrediable and the crowd noise is loud ! With over 300 college teams to choose from , you can spend many hours trying to take that mid-major team to the top.The drawbacks are many ! First , it was too easy ! I played with South Carolina and opened with Duke . I beat them easily and the Devils were the best team on the game . I took the Gamecocks and went undefeated -LRB- with South Carolina ! -RRB- . I easily won the NCAA tournament.Second , 989 would do well to follow in the footsteps of EA Sports NCAA Football 2002 -LRB- excellent game -RRB- and put the names of the players instead of the traditional numbers . I got real excited when I saw you could recruit on Final Four and then was dissapointed with the recruiting being just numbers without names -LRB- unlike EA 's Football game -RRB- . Thirdly , the annoucers are terrible ! You ca n't hear them when the crowd noise is up -LRB- even if you turn the annoucers wide open -RRB- . Unlike EA Sports , the 989 annoucers repeat themselves over and over.Fourth , the 3 point play is outright fantasy league . You can hit as many as 25 3 pointers a game . I hit 33 with South Carolina in the championship game ! Even on the Senior level play , you can easily hit 3 pointers and free throws.Buy another game . Rent this one .
 I bought this game because I love college sports and thought a college basketball game would be great . I played NCAA Football 2002 which was perfect . So I thought it would have some resemblance to the college greatness of NCAA Football 2002 -LRB- I love that game -RRB- . After 1 shot you will realize you can easily nail 3 point shots with a 7 foot center . The graphics are horrible , the players move like Super Nintendo , and worst of all they do n't even have the real players numbers -LRB- which they do in ncaa football -RRB- . The recruiting is horrible and so is the rest of the game . Save your money , do n't buy it .
 This game is absolute garage ! The only reason why I kept it longer than three hours was that I was exactly interested in the career mode were you choose job offers from different schools after each season . It 's sad that 989 did n't have an option to move to the pros because who would what to play a game as boring as this one for any extended amount of time ! I agree with everyone who gave this game the pathetic one star rating it deserves . I had more fun playing `` Bulls v.s. Blazers '' !
 Unlike past reviewers , I do n't think this game is garbage . Although it could be improved a lot . There are some minor glitches in the game such as inbounds passes being slow and every once in a while the ball appears to go through players . I think the complaints about it being too easy can be taken care of by simply raising the difficulty level . It is too easy on freshman level , every shot seems to go in unless you really shoot badly . But on junior or senior level the gameplay is realistic . The graphics are n't that good however for a PS2 game . They could have improved the graphics by actually making it look like it was set at the court of the home team instead of simply using the court graphics of that team . The fans are n't nearly as realistic as in other games , such as the EA Sports football games . I also wish they 'd included an option to enter players names rather than just their numbers . The sound from Billy Packer could have been improved a lot as well , it 's repeated a lot.Overall , this is a decent game but EA Sports is better .
 This game is horrible . Way too easy and unrealistic . Save your money and your time .
 The graphics are good , but the game has no excitement at all . It 's probably some what realistic , but if I wanted real basketball I would n't have bought a video game . The moves are boring and the game is slow .
 does 989 ever release any remotley good video games that are anything coming close to relaistic people are just going to buy march madnnes because of the simple fact that it is a decent college basketball game and there are very few of those and none of them compare to the best college basketball game ever Coach K basketball for Sega Genesis
 does 989 ever release any remotley good video games that are anything coming close to relaistic people are just going to buy march madnnes because of the simple fact that it is a decent college basketball game and there are very few of those and none of them compare to the best college basketball game ever Coach K basketball for Sega Genesis
 Life 's not fair . I mean , where was i when people were getting hired to make this game ? I could have used the year off , with pay , , to watch a team of chimps cobble together some code and label it NCAA final four 2002 . Sometimes i feel sorry for the developers behind a poor product , because it seems like they tried . THat 's obviously not the case here . NCAA 2002 is so imperfect in every sense of the word that it defies , stretches and confounds the imagination . It might be cliche to say for a 989 sports game , but the only redeeming feature is its ability to make you laugh . I watched passes seemingly headed out of bounds by 20 feet suddenly warp to a guy under the basket -LCB- minor chuckle -RCB- . I saw guys running out of bounds get magically sucked into a dunk animation -LCB- hearty laugh -RCB- . I saw players doing 360 degree spins , standing in place , while waiting to inbound the ball -LCB- guffaw -RCB- . Basically what i saw , and what you 'll if you dare buy or rent this game , is gross gameplay mismanagement of the highest degree . Two elements saved me from giving this game a score of zero . Touch control shooting , while not realistitic , is like a minigame and can lead to some funny contests against friends . I also enjoyed the highlight reel isolation on the player of the game . Of course , it would help if that highlight reel was the icing on the cake and not a small glimmer among the ruins . Do not try and do not buy this game .
 It looks awful , the gameplay is awful , the sound is awful . Just a horrible game .
 Thius has to be the worst basketball game i have ever played for any game console . the control is horrible , the players move like insects , the shot meter makes it to easy to make a shot , u can dunk with a 5 ' 1 player . its a totally unrealistic game . i ended up throwing mine in the trash because nobody would take it off my hands . do not buy this game .
 I 've played the NFL Gameday series since I got my PS1 several years ago . I considered myself to be loyal enough to the label not to buy Madden even though it came out months ahead of this one . It got to the point that with Gameday 2001 -LRB- last years -RRB- I played it once , realized it was the same as the year before , then had to set the computer the hardest level just to make it competive . Even then , my Rams went 16-0 and cruised into the Superbowl for three straight seasons in GM mode.That said , I was eagerly awaiting Gameday 2002 's release -LRB- why did they wait until the mid-point of the season anyway ??? -RRB- . When I finally got it , I was very very disappointed . It 's the same game as alawys , but with worse gameplay than ever - and the graphics are n't all they 've been cracked up to be.First , the gameplay . The game plays slow . Players run slow -LRB- even the fastest guys like Faulk -RRB- . Players tackle slow . The plays have n't changed in five years - and I still do know exactly what the different arrows mean . But the worst aspect of the game is the defense . They advertise it as the best yet , but it 's not good . It 's stupid . The first game I played , the AI ran back the opening kickoff 102 yards for a TD after breaking four or five tackles . I thought it was an aberration , so I kept playing . MY first play from scrimmage was a 82 yard TD . My third play was a 74 yard TD . I ca n't figure out why it 's so easy to throw deep . It 's difficult to run and to throw short passes becuase the computer is so quick to the ball and never seems to miss a tackle . As for playing defense , forget about defending against a pass , it ca n't be done . And even if your DB is in perfect position , the WR will still catch it . If you 're in position to tip the ball away , your DB stops and jumps straight up . You miss it , it 's a TD . And I have n't tipped one yet . It 's just as easy for the computer to throw deep passes as it was for me , but it chooses not to . And forget about getting a pass rush - even with the blitz . Defending players literally walk for the first four or five seconds -- regardless of whether or not you 're hitting speed burst.The graphics are n't even that good either -- but then again , I 'd pay $ -LRB- ... -RRB- for a game with awesome gameplay and OK graphics rather than -LRB- ... -RRB- for a game with so-called great graphics and gameplay not worth a damn.In summary , I wasted $ -LRB- ... -RRB- on this game . I 'm too fed up with it to even try GM mode , but I 'm sure all the other gripes listed here are valid - since they 've been that way since the beginning of the series.Bottom line
 1
 NFL Gameday commercial says this game got good Defense ? are you kidding me?the Cpu is so stupid on this game.i played this game on hall a fame level they ca n't check my reicevers , and my D-Back ca n't check theres , it 's like that on rookie too.I never won a coin toss on this game yet.i might just have bad luck but come on , the play action fakes are stupid , you get sack every time just about and they do it so slow. , another thing when you running the ball you think you are going to out run them ? are you kidding me they can hit you 5 yards away.the Graphics are good thats it , please get some new commentarys , like the sunday night Espn Crew , Hey 989 be the first to have 3 commentarys , Do something ! I like how every time i run the ball with the QB he fumbles 90 % of the time , its just bad gameplay , How could you make a Football game for like 10 years and still be stupid , atlease the ps1 version DeFence is better , and another thing they do the same tackles over and over again.A RENTAL ONLY
 I have no idea what 989 Studios has been doing lately , the last decent Gameday was Gameday '99 for crying out loud . I 'm sorry , but this is horrible . Everything happens so slow and sloppy , they make a big deal about the graphics , but they are n't that good , the sidelines have nothing going on in them , the stands have paper cut-out people . Trust me , ignore this game , do n't even waste $ 6 to rent it , go get Madden 2002 or the surprisingly excellent NFL 2K2 , just stay away from this . I feel so dirty!I want a new football game for my PS2 , so I 've compaired Madden , NFL 2K2 and now Gameday . I have totally eliminated this game from consideration , it has NO good points that Madden or 2K2 does n't have that 's 500 times better . I 'm really just stuck on Madden or 2K2 , I have no idea which is better of those two .
 Where 's the Defense?are you kidding me ? whats so good about the D ? Me and 2 of me friends where playing this game , man talk about bad gameplay ! the cpu always knock the receiver down before the ball gets to you , and no flag?note
 I 've played the NFL Gameday series since I got my PS1 several years ago . I considered myself to be loyal enough to the label not to buy Madden even though it came out months ahead of this one . It got to the point that with Gameday 2001 -LRB- last years -RRB- I played it once , realized it was the same as the year before , then had to set the computer the hardest level just to make it competive . Even then , my Rams went 16-0 and cruised into the Superbowl for three straight seasons in GM mode.That said , I was eagerly awaiting Gameday 2002 's release -LRB- why did they wait until the mid-point of the season anyway ??? -RRB- . When I finally got it , I was very very disappointed . It 's the same game as alawys , but with worse gameplay than ever - and the graphics are n't all they 've been cracked up to be.First , the gameplay . The game plays slow . Players run slow -LRB- even the fastest guys like Faulk -RRB- . Players tackle slow . The plays have n't changed in five years - and I still do know exactly what the different arrows mean . But the worst aspect of the game is the defense . They advertise it as the best yet , but it 's not good . It 's stupid . The first game I played , the AI ran back the opening kickoff 102 yards for a TD after breaking four or five tackles . I thought it was an aberration , so I kept playing . MY first play from scrimmage was a 82 yard TD . My third play was a 74 yard TD . I ca n't figure out why it 's so easy to throw deep . It 's difficult to run and to throw short passes becuase the computer is so quick to the ball and never seems to miss a tackle . As for playing defense , forget about defending against a pass , it ca n't be done . And even if your DB is in perfect position , the WR will still catch it . If you 're in position to tip the ball away , your DB stops and jumps straight up . You miss it , it 's a TD . And I have n't tipped one yet . It 's just as easy for the computer to throw deep passes as it was for me , but it chooses not to . And forget about getting a pass rush - even with the blitz . Defending players literally walk for the first four or five seconds -- regardless of whether or not you 're hitting speed burst.The graphics are n't even that good either -- but then again , I 'd pay more for a game with awesome gameplay and OK graphics than less for a game with so-called great graphics and gameplay not worth a damn.In summary , I wasted money on this game . I 'm too fed up with it to even try GM mode , but I 'm sure all the other gripes listed here are valid - since they 've been that way since the beginning of the series.Bottom line
 a weak football game , Do n't even try to knock the ball down when its thrown to a Wide Recevier , just smack them cuz you ca n't hit the ball , it goes threw you.any the only way its incomplete pass is when the Recevier drops the ball , its hard to run the ball cuz they can hit you from 10 yards away , do n't run the ball with the Qb cuz every time just about he will fumble , its just stupid , that dude aint lying who wrote a review saying he ca n't win a coin toss , i never won one yet , never in over time , i lost everytime in over time , First you cant win the coin toss , then you cant stop them , one pass its over , and the commentarys are saying the same stuff since gameday 99 , you ca n't challenge a play , and the game is really slow , Gameday use to be the fastest gameplay around , Madden got Gameday numbered , and peep this out when you sign a rookie , like for instance when you sign a wide Recevier he ' l have a number 92 are something thats stupid , While Madden is on 2002 , Gameday is still stuck on 98 , the people who run 989 should cancel Gamday , its that bad
 If I could have given this game zero stars I would have . This is by far the worst football video game I have ever seen and played . Whoever said it was better then Madden needs to get help ! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME ... I REPEAT DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME ! Horrible game play , ok graphics -LRB- nowhere near the graphics that madden has -RRB- , same stuff over and over . If you are going to buy a football game , get Madden ... trust me !
 First off , I 'm a Madden die-hard . When I got the $ 5 coupon in that `` Under the Helmet '' DVD they give away at Best Buy , I figured what the heck - I had played Gameday a couple years ago , and it was n't bad . It 's much worse than I could 've imagined . Ca n't see player skill levels , game has glitches -LRB- On a DEFENSIVE goalline stand , I recovered a fumble on what was 3rd down . It gave me the ball on my two yard line - 4th down and 9 !!! -RRB- , running plays slow to develop , passing is erratic -LRB- must acivate advanced passing before every down -RRB- , much more . Now I have to go buy another game
 Up to this point I 've been a fan of the GameDay series . I loved my GameDay 2000 for the regular Playstation . But the 2002 version for the Playstation 2 has two flaws that I came across . First , there 's a bug in the game so that occassionally , when a team scores a touchdown , it says that the extra point -LRB- PAT -RRB- was missed even though the user never even had the chance to set up and kick the PAT . The second problem is that no one seems to be able to catch anything . I can understand missing a catch if the receiver is covered , but I rarely connect a pass even with those receivers who are wide open . An honest guess would be 20 % of the passes I made were caught in this game -- when the receiver is open . I 'm very disappointed with this game .
 I 'm not surprised , at all ! I knew that 989 Studios was going to stiffarm the hardcore football gamer and run with his/her money ! Since these people have n't yet figured out how to create a quality and marketable football video game , I am sure that their fate as a game development studio is imminent ! DO NOT BUY THIS WEAK FOOTBALL GAME ... get MADDEN 2002 -LRB- EA knows what they 're doing , and they 're doing all the right moves ! -RRB- . I want to say something to all the RAIDER Nation faithful out there ... GO RAIDERS !! ... SILVER & BLACK Forever !! We will get some PAYBACK next season for that one important game that the officials took from us !! We 're coming back !!!!
 The bad things about Gameday 2002
 For years the debate has raged which is the better football game
 This game is TERRABLE ! If U want a good game buy last years version . Unless U must have the new rosters , I would not buy this game
 First of all this game stinks.The graphics are horrible.The gameplay is bad and the game is not realalistic.The players look -LSB- bad -LSB- . Worst of all the players are really slow and dunk 99.9 % of the time.Do not buy this game.In fact do n't buy anything made buy 989 sports cause they never have good grapics.If u got a PS2 then buy nba live 2003 its much better than this game !
 This is a worst basketball game I ve ever played . Poor graphic , poor movement and poor functionality . This game does n't have variety of movement , and is too slow . For example , it will make you easily dunk after you miss your free throw . I slam it almost 80 to 90 percent of when I missed my free throw . After I played PS2 NBA Street I just felt that this game is even worse . If you have a PS2 , I recommend you to have NBA Street .
 So the game itself is what one would think it to be . Uno and Skip-Bo . No surprises there , and it seems to have present the game on the DS reasonably well . However , it does NOT appear to have single card download-play capability . This seems really short-sighted , particularly for such a simple game and is why I choose to give it so few stars .
 We got this game for our 12-year-old UNO-loving son for Christmas . 4 family members have a Nintendo DS , and we were excited to play it all together . HA ! Turns out if you buy this game , you 'll be playing UNO solo -- in order to play wirelessly , EVERYONE must own his/her own copy of the game . We sure feel duped ! Our son cast the game aside almost instantly after discovering this . If we could return it , we would .
 This game is pretty good . I do have 2 problems with it though . My first and biggest problem is you ca n't play single card multi-player . Everyone must own their own copy to play with each other . My other problem is the `` computer '' partners make very stupid moves and sometimes give away the game . Overall , I still enjoy playing the game .
 I bought this for my 5 & 7 year old sons . The graphics do look great but it is too tough for them to play . They got frustrated very quickly with the puzzle like play . I think this game would be great for preteens .
 I bought this game for my daughter because she simply adored Monsters Inc and really loved the first playstation game . But even though it 's rated E , it 's a pretty hard game for smaller kids . My daughter is six and it frustrated her to no end . She did n't know what she was supposed to do , and when she finally figured that part out she did n't know how to go do it . I really wished I had rented it first instead of blowing 40 bucks on something she played for a total of 20 minutes . My advice for parents
 I run a daycare and my kids love the Monster Inc. movie but this game is to hard for them . It is rated everyone but there is to much reading and it does not hold their interest . I am sorry that I wasted $ ... on this !
 This game is okay at first , but becomes tedious . You get to a point where you know what to do , but the control of aiming is too fussy . When you need to use bouncy boxes you ca n't look around to aim - actually in general you ca n't LOOK Around - duh Sony and PIXAR ! -LSB- . -RSB- Once you nearly complete a level there are too many CDA guys around to arrest you . Not only are there tedious repititious places where you get stuck - in other places manipulating and jumping - often with your vision blocked - have to be timed right ! I have become stuck on the garbage level , though I know what to do ! - but have n't enjoyed any of the levels so far . I do n't intend to try to finish it - it simply is n't worth my time ! I do n't like the clips because I have the movie - the game costs money - it should be good in it 's own right without marketing at me yet again!Rubbish ! -LSB- . -RSB-
 Typical hack rush job movie tie in . Graphics are horrible . Voices VERY obviously different from the movie -LRB- Why ? It is Disney after all -RRB- . Gameplay is tedious . My six and eight year olds played this stinker for about an hour then got bored . Avoid .
 My 5 year old and I got this game ... we were both dissapointed and bored after an hour . A weak entry in the platform genre , the only attractive quality is the characters and the movie clips . Some levels are tedious , hard to discern what you 're looking at because of lighting/shading , and none are terribly original or fun ...
 I loved the movie of Monster 's , Inc. but frankly I think this game really ... ! The only reason why I gave it 2 stars was because of the DVD features -LRB- movie clips , trailer , behind-the-scenes footage -RRB- . I only recommend this game to people who have the time to play and can get past the first level . NOT WORTH THE -LSB- money -RSB- TO PLAY IT ! This is a better rent than buy .
 If you are completely new to NHL Hitz , you may enjoy this one ; however , those who have owned and loved older versions may not . The fight engine has been reworked , and it has become quite clunky . The fights completely lack action now . The franchise mode no longer lets you play against real teams . Finally , you can no longer lock yourself to an individual player . You can not even lock the goalie to compuer control . This constant switching of players can be very disorienting . I was terribly disappointed to find that all of my favorite features were massively reworked for the worse or gone altogether . I am glad , though , that they used a different naming scheme . Perhaps this indicates that they meant for this to be a different game than the others . The graphics are good , and I am hoping that Midway returns to their tradition with an `` NHL Hitz 2004 '' .
 I 've had NHL Hitz 02 and 03 both are amazingly addictive and entertaining titles with endless replay value . NHL Hitz Pro , on the other hand , has an identity crisis . It 's billed as a traditional hockey game with some of the Hitz trademarks , but it just does n't work . For one , the graphics are horrible and you are not able to switch to an on-ice view . It feels like your playing the game from the nose-bleed section of your local arena . The gameplay is ok but call me retarded because I do n't believe you 're able to switch your goalies during the game either . The fighting mode is really bad as is the background crowds or end of the period segways which are ALWAYS the same . I was wondering why this game got little to no publicity from Midway but now I understand completely ... this game just plain stinks . Avoid !
 Say goodbye to the arcade game that was once so much fun . This game ishardly an arcade game anymore . It feels more like Madden , except theannouncers are even more annoying than Madden ! The announcers actuallyWHINE constantly . What happened to the 2002 announcers , one was an idiotand other constantly ripped on him -- that was hilarious ! Now you have todeal with constant whining and drawn-out stupid stories.Teams now have their own plays , which is cool . Downloading real timeweather for the city you are playing in is a neat gimmick . But the core ofBlitz is SUPPOSED to be a fast-paced , arcade , hard-hitting , trash-talking , game ! Players of opposing teams can be seen giving a hand to one another toget back on their feet after a play . WTH ? This is n't supposed to bepolitically-correct , its supposed to be BLITZ!KICK 'EM WHILE THEY ARE DOWN!I have Madden 2004 and ESPN NFL , I do n't want -LRB- or need -RRB- another `` serious `` football game . Blitz is supposed to be aggression releasing , funny , andhumor gameplay . Not any more.There is a `` Create A Game '' mode called `` Blitz Classic '' . Perhaps this iswhat I 'm looking for . Too bad I ca n't actually PLAY it . This option isgreyed out into you `` earn the right '' to play it.Refering to manual , it says : `` Try activating multiple Creat A Game modes to create a unique gameexperience of your own . Once you have completed the necessary steps tounlock the game modes , options will be illuminated -LRB- not grey -RRB- . `` So what exactly are the `` necessary steps '' ? Entering the Gameshark codes , I imagine.Why the HELL do I need to UNLOCK this anyhow ?
 Another in a line of `` Me too `` s trying to be Madden . Midway took the unique , arcadey gameplay of the original Blitz and watered it down . It really feels like you are playing a marketing decision rather than a balanced , fun game . The online portion can be fun , but the controls feel sluggish and laggy . The newest version of Blitz proves that the only football game you need is Madden 2004 . On a positive note , the comentary is very entertaining .
 all i can say is blitz is horrible . The past blitz games are awsome but when it comes to blitz pro it is horrible . When i bought this game i was so excited because i loved all the blitz games . I finally turned it on and the menu looked great . I thought it would be like the past blitz games but its not . Its nothing like blitz and you wouldnt be able to tell if it was a blitz game if it wasnt for the title . All i can say is get Madden 2004 instead of this game because this game sucks .
 Bought the game and when i got it you could tell the actual game cartrage was damaged and could easily be pulled apart . Love the Zelda series but dont expect to buy anyghing else if the quality is this terrible .
 Is not fun . It 's one of those games , you know ... You throw them down and they get RIGHT back up , but when they throw you down you stay down for 13 minutes . lol I would n't say buy this . Plus , the basketball aspect is n't good . Other B-Ball games are A LOT better/funner .
 I dun know , maybe this game is good , i just dont like b-ball games idn but this game is easy . Its not challenging , its just like ... you know how basketball games are . Maybe it is good ... the part about the bling ... i dun know decide for yourself . To me its bad cuz its easy . A real good game is Def Jam Fight For NY now thats a real good game .
 oh my god midway what is wrong with u ? u always have trouble make good games . its a good idea
 I recently got right into the `` NBA Street vol '' games , and I figured it was going to be hard to top those games on PS2 , but then I read a few of the 4 star reviews here and people seemed to be praising the game , and a few said it was even better then `` NBA Street '' , and that this game supposedly had the best controls for a basketball game on PS2 . What misleading lies I beleive those reviews to be now . I think a person or persons is having a laugh on this site by giving good reviews to such a poor game.First off , this game is simmilar to `` NBA Street '' , which is pretty much an adaption of the `` NBA Jam '' games . However , this version is only one on one play . There is one other mode of 1 on 1 on 1 that allows 3 players to play at once , against each other , but as much as it sounded interesting at first , it 's as annoying to play as the regular 1 on 1 modes in this game , as it makes matches longer , more frustrating , and fewer points awarded to your profile to unlock anything you want to eventually do in the game with custom created players.How long can one on one match ups last and remain fun ? It took me 3 hours maybe before I was bored to death with the lack of options of gameplay this one here offers . I think I mentioned in my review of `` NBA Street Vol 2 or 3 '' that an improvement could have been offering a one on on mode , but after playing `` Ballers '' , it makes me think that the team of `` Street '' probably did explore that possibility , and found it to be as boring as playing this game here.So , onto some other bad points . Loading times are ridicules . It takes about 3 minutes to power up this game and get through all the stupid copyright and intro screens before you are finally asked to press start , and even then doing so , more loading time for the games main menu . If you accidentally go back to the title screen , guess what , more loading time just to go back to the menu screen again . It 's even worse when you pick players , but it 's defaulted to the Eastern NBA stars , you then have to press O to go to the list of team categories , then select one with NBA stars , legends and custom players scattered all over the place . The selection menu is atrocious.Once you do get into the game , and you have skipped the annoying MC Paronormal or something , you finally begin to play , but are then bombarded with pop-up boxes explaining what button does what ... is there no way to ever turn that off ? Then the action begins , and you are forced to pretty much just keep smashing the ball into your opponents face and running for the basket for a dunk , because for the most part , no matter what your chars stats are , they will miss a jump shot from anywhere . Even with new dunks unlocked , you feel very limited to what you can do after a while , and that 's something this game will never hold a candle to when compared to the `` NBA Street '' series , it 's controls where smooth , easy , and fun to use , where as this game here tried something simmilar , but feels less responsive to any variety of dunks you can preform . I also miss the turbo blocking , because block 's in this game are just a random act of 50/50 . The create a baler I will say is about the only decent thing about this game . You can make better looking ballers then that in NBA Street games , however , later with the lack of options and moves to do , it 's just nice looking set of graphics covering the dung programming hiding behind it . The create a ballers process also only provides you a certain amount of points to use for creating skills and looks , and then you have to play matches to earn more ... why must video game makers beleive that is what players want ? It 's a no wonder the NBA Live series is so popular , at least when you created a player you do n't have to play 10,000 matches to finally max out the created players stats , and by the time you do that , you are completely sick of a game . this game here allows you to start off by giving a maximum of 35 points in one skill level , later when you edit your character again you can advance up to 99 ... . why ? someone tell me whose stupid idea it was and in what game they did that first where someone figured it would be more fun to make you earn your stats rather then just create , adjust , play !? Filling up the rest of the disk where space could have been used to create more options , modes and more than just 1 on 1 matches are a bunch of pointless NBA videos of a bunch of guys you will probably never have any interest in ever watching their video anyway ... it only took me a glance at looking at Dominque Wilkins 1 minute video of NOT the best highlights of his career and him saying , `` I love to play the game '' with that annoying `` letssssssssss get ready to rumbleeeeeeee '' guy talking over it.While I 'm on that , the music in this game is just horrendous . A bunch of nobodies rapping about how they gon na be the streets and earn money in the nba someday ... gim me a break , PAY FOR A DECENT SET OF SONGS , there is no way anyone could have been paid to write and record that.I 'm done ripping on this game , i 've said my piece , flipped it the bird , and thrown it 's ballers in the bin .
 this game is pretty fun in the beginning . throwing alley-oops to your self and passing to someone in the crowd . but after a while its gets boring because its not realistic at all . renting it once is good enough .
 Imagine NBA Street Volume 2 , only you replace the guy who thought up all of the style and flow of the game with the corporate exec who thought up the `` i 'm lovin it '' ad campaign.The one-on-one game play with the same few characters that are in the game is fun at first , but gets boring quickly . The tricks , the style , the gameplay ... nothing is nearly as good as NBA Street . To cover up the cheapness of it all , they slap `` omg bling bling '' all over the place with a unimaginative soundtrack . It 's all of the same `` I 'll play in the N-B-A , do a slam dunk , get rich ` cuz I 'm a BALLAH '' lyrics over and over again with an irritating announcer on top.I really would n't suggest that you buy this game . Rent it first to see if you like it . Better yet , just buy NBA Street Vol . 2 .
 After the 1st level they count on the impossibility of the levels to make the game seem like it is longer . Bad trick .
 This game stinks . Get spyhunter 1 . The graphics are a little better than the first , but the only thing really better is the car . The only able to have two offensive weapons and one defensive is a bad concept . Having three levels that are boss based -LRB- train , plane , and the giant circle thing in the middle of the tundra -RRB- is a bad idea , you ca n't have the same level of expeirence then you can with several different enemies . There is supposedly supose to be more short cuts than the first for more freedom -LRB- look at `` the making of spyhunter 2 '' -RRB- but there is hardly any more than the first one . I strongly recommend renting the game before buying it .
 The first one was so much fun and this one is a real disappointment . Everything is different in a bad way , game play , weapons , missions . Graphics may arguably be better , but not by much . Story line adding a chic is boring , these games have always been about the car . I 'm not even going to bother purchasing Spyhunter 3 where the Rock actually gets out of the car.The bottom line is it 's just not that much fun !
 There is no storyline at all , all you hear is that you 're driving a G2742638274 or something Interceptor . The levels are horribly boring , and after the first level it 's almost impossible to beat . I gave up because I ca n't stand doing the same boring level 12 times . This game is worth about $ 5 at the most . Not worth it at all .
 As a longtime fan of the Jam series I expected this one to be a return to what I liked about the old-school arcade classic . Unfortunately poor controls and shoddy graphics ruined my experiance , The players do n't move like I expect them to . I have to give them some credit for trying but it seems they did n't try hard enough .
 this game is the worst . it 's not fun or good . it stinks . it 's so unrealistic . its a shame to the world of video gaming
 The reason i always bought midway was because it was different then all the other hockey games , now that they have gone more realistic , there is no reason to buy this game . It seems Midway has turned their backs on their loyal fans . Save your money , buy nhl hitz 2003 which is alot more fun and entertaining then nhl hitz pro
 I was looking forward to the realease of this game , having enjoyed Hitz 2002 and 2003 . I did feel that one of the weaknesses of the previous games was lack of 5 on 5 play , so when I heard Hitz Pro would be 5 on 5 I was expecting the Ultimate Hitz game.I could n't have been more wrong . This game is awful . It was obviously rushed out the door to be released in time for the start of hockey season and because of that the rosters -LRB- accurate as of July 21st according to the game -RRB- are n't accurrate at all . Being a Penguins fan , I immediately chose them to play with and the first thing I noticed was that the jerseys the game had as the default jerseys have been defunct since 2001 . I found that puzzling since Hitz 2003 got the jerseys right and I did n't see why they could n't take the time to at least make it look right this year . That 's not a big deal in terms of enjoying the game , but if it 's your team it does n't sit too well . And of course , half of the Penguin roster was wrong.The next thing I noticed was that the entire game engine has been revised . It had the feel more of EA 's hockey game -LRB- which I never really liked -RRB- and which I felt was a big step backward . The feel of the controls is better than EA but not as good as previous Hitz versions . Gone is the rock/paper/scissors method of facing off , but most unforgivably the other mini games -LRB- like king of the rink , the window breaking game , target practice -RRB- are gone and the training mode amounts to `` To pass , hit X. Try it ! '' There are no additonal levels of training to hone your skills . They added some video interviews with NHLers explaining why certain skills -LRB- like dumping the puck -RRB- are important and what purposes they serve but this pure window dressing that adds nothing to the game.I played this game for 30 minutes and then sold it to someone else . Avoid this game , at least for now . If you want to see how bad it is for yourself , waut until it shows up in the bargain bin . Believe me , it wo n't be very long .
 I bought both NHL Hitz 2002 and 2003 . NHL Hitz 2003 is in my opinion the best game I 've ever played on Xbox . I love the fantasy heads , fantasy rinks , and over-the-top action.I bought NHL Hitz pro hoping that it would be like NHL Hitz 2003 , but improved -LRB- 5 on 5 play , etc -RRB- . It has dropped all of the fantasy elements that made the originals fun , there are no mini-games , the stats and customization features are n't as good , etc , etc. . I ca n't believe how terrible NHL Hitz pro is after having absolutely loved NHL Hitz 2002/2003 . Finally , the game is n't completely smooth - several cut scenes between plays hang up -LRB- stutter -RRB- . This has n't happened w / my other 7 Xbox games . It really does seem like this game was just thrown out there w/o the love and polishing that 2002/2003 received.In short , if you liked NHL Hitz 2002/2003 , rent this first ... this probably wo n't be the game for you . If you 're the kind of person who likes a sedate hockey sim -LRB- but in this case w / harder checks and fights , etc -RRB- , than maybe you should consider this game . I personally thought it was terrible ... . I 'm very unhappy w / this purchase .
 One of the worst games I 've ever played . Impossible to figure out what to do , hard to understand instructions , and poor design . Buy the original version of NARC on the Midway Classics Collection and you 'll probably have more fun .
 I will admit I have played quite a bit of this game . It can be a little fun except it is really a crappy game . The characters models and animations are really bad for a Playstation 1 game and this is PS2 . Some of the missions are ridiculous -LRB- for example , the side mission where you have to take out snipers with a grenade launcher -RRB- . They 're detail in civilians is low since all the town 's drug dealers all look exactly -LRB- I mean EXACTLY -RRB- alike . Also , you can bust them for just walking the streets and get a higher badge rating . I 'm a Crim major in college and that is soooo the way to get sued if you are a real cop.And , what pisses me off is the Asian level . It is impossible to fight people in Asia because they throw you like a rag doll when you try to arrest them , even the females . It 's as if every Asian knows martial arts . Now , I ca n't get my badge level up . The previous level was a big huge gun fight and my badge level went down . So , now I need to get it up and I ca n't because I have to beat everything out of the dealers to arrest them.This game is kind of fun , I 'll say that , but it 's frustrating how crappy it is . They seriously needed to spend more time on it . The only reason I 'm going to keep trying to beat it is to unlock the classic arcade Narc game .
 If you like mindless action and button mashing , you 'll like this . I found the action repetitive . The graphics , so-so . I thought this would be like a gladiator dueling game . It 's definitely not . It 's roman gladiator -LRB- using many out of period weapons -RRB- meets bruce lee from that scene in Enter the Dragon where he fights 100 guards . Really lame.Shadow Over Rome looks cooler .
 This is a horrible , horrible game . I do n't know why I purchased it , and if I could feel guilt-free about passing it onto another clueless gamer , I would . As it is this game makes a great coaster , and that 's about it . Maybe you could use it for a mirror.Here 's why the game is terrible :1 . Graphics are so-so , with the cinematic scenes no different than he game play scenes . Plus , trying to skip pointless graphics and cut scenes is apparently forbidden . I guess this is to cut down on replay value so you go buy another title by Acclaim .2 . I 'm guessing that this game was designed back in 1993 , as it constantly stops to load the next section . Considering the size of most PS2 game levels , I ca n't help but wonder what beta version of Karataka they ripped off to build the platform for this game .3 . Speaking of ripping off , this game shamelessly rips off several other better games and movies . Interestingly , it also appears to rip off other worse games and movies , so overall this aspect is a wash .4 . Repetitive gameplay & sloppy controls . Who thought of making a gladiator game with a target lock-on system ? Seeing as how only a novice gamer would spread out their attacks on multiple opponents versus focusing on each in turn calls into question exactly who this game was designed for . I should add that the prologue/training section can not be skipped nor run independent of the main game .5 . Okay , I have n't finished this game , so maybe my scornful review is premature , and if you play it for 6 + hours straight through , maybe it gets really good at the end and makes up for the junk that comes in the first 3 + levels . Why do n't you try?There are lots of quality games out there -- if you 're looking for better fighting and replay value , I would recommend any of the Dynasty Warrior series , even the ones made for platforms that no longer exist .
 If you like Crash Team Racing this game pales in comparison . I only wish I had read the other review before I wasted $ 50 on this game . I love CTR . I like it a whole lot better than Mario Kart for N64 because it has so many added features and the kart handling is so much better . Crash Nitro Kart is terrible and has none of these qualities . It feels like your kart is going 2 mph and feels like you 're floating and not actually on the track . The camera seems to jerk a little and the sound effects are also awful . The loading times and saving also get in the way because each take so long . If you want to play a good kart racing game play Mario Kart
 If this game was released before Mario Kart
 This game looked extremley exciting on the cover , but it is n't all that great when you actually play it . You are unbelivabley slow and it 'd hard to throw objects at other racers , because at the same time you 're driving and you have to strain your fingers . I also do n't like what happens when you quit the race , it is very confusing to figure out what you 're doign and where you 're going . Overall I would say this might not be the best game to buy .
 This game has RIDICULOUS SFX -LCB- sound effects -RCB- , loose controls of karts , the SFX sound `` CHEAP '' , when you want to `` HOP '' over something , you get a `` BOINK '' sound on EVERY `` HOP '' ! ~ ~ When you use the protective `` BALL '' around you , you get a LOUD , EERIE and ANNOYING SFX for the ball , and you CAN `` T `` Shoot '' the ball at enemies , like in Crash Team Racing -LCB- CTR -RCB- . This game is LAME and a BIG WASTE of money !
 This game is way to easy !!! I got it thinking it would be tough , challengeing , and fun like CTR -LRB- crash team raceing -RRB- ! I mean it was like you just beat 3 little easy races and you are done with the whole level . and the boss of each level is even easyer than the level its self ! trust me but CTR instead !
 The cover makes the game look cool but , its stupid . Your slow as heck , Horrible graphics . I mean the charicters look like stuffed dolls that never blink . The only thing good about this game is the short movies -LRB- excellent -RRB- . Dont waste 50 bucks on this stupid game because it belongs in the toilet . Where did the old crash go ?
 this game is the most stupid game in the world i mean the graphics are the most pitiful thing i have ever seen i mean you are better off wearing teletubbie pajamas on a minutly basis and stuffing cocoa puffs down youre throught and choking on them for fun
 First , I should say I am not a GAMER I am just someone that likestec toys and wanted a Playstation to get into what it is all about . I try to pick games that I think will be higher on graphics and entertaining story and lower on skill levels.For me this was not the game to get . It just was too hard for me to keep up with , as far as pushing the right buttons at the right time . I did enjoy the club house BUT unless you WIN more then you Lose there is not much to do there so , needless to say , I traded this game in a long time ago .
 The Washington Manual has been a favorite of medical students and house officers since it was first published in 1943 . It was designed as a portable reference , providing information of the diagnosis and treatment of common medical problems . Franklin Electronic Publishers have now condensed all 600 + pages of the original text into a 1.3 MB program for the Palm.For those lovers of the Washington Manual , this is a fairly easy-to-use adaptation of the book for the Palm . I find the pocket palm to be the most useful in looking up short blurbs on topics ; this was accomplished easily and quickly in the Index screen by using either the Look-Up function or the Search function . The Search function even contained a Spelling Corrector ; my constant misspelling of `` arrythmia '' was caught and returned with the option of correcting to `` arrhythmia '' , while also suggesting `` erythema '' or `` arthritic '' . In addition , there are footnote references that are easily accessible within the text at the click of a button , and a handy cross-referencing button which automatically shifts you to other related sections within the book.Nevertheless , I still have reservations about the presentation of information within the confines of the small Palm screen . The outline format of the Washington Manual can be extremely disorienting ; it is hard to see the larger context of a problem when you are directed to section III.A .4 . e after a Search Function . In the paper version of the book , it would be easy to scan or flip a few pages back to see what were the topics for Subheading 4 or Part A or Section III . However , this format falls flat combined with the small amount of text that can be visualized on a Palm screen.It is also important to note that the Washington Manual is very different in content than many of the other Palm-based reference books available to medical students . First of all , the manual is geared for in-patient medicine and therefore does not have information on some basic outpatient diseases such as otitis media or depression . Also , the manual has a strong emphasis on diagnosis and treatment , providing detailed information on what labs to draw and which studies to perform . However this is focused upon almost to the exclusion of pathophysiology and differential diagnoses . Yet it is these latter topics that are often what medical students most cherish from handbooks . As such , I believe the Washington Manual is better suited for residents and house officers . Nevertheless , this was always my objection to the Washington Manual ; it is not confined to just this Palm version.So , as a cash-strapped health professional student , should you spend the money on this Palm version of Washington Manual ? -LRB- dollar amount -RRB- bucks is a lot of money . Especially when you can buy the printed spiral-bound version of the manual for half the price on Amazon.com . My advice ? Unless you are a Washington Manual fanatic , save your money for rent .
 Space Ace is in the line of Dragon 's Lair and other similar point and click game play . I am not against this genre completely but it has some inherent problems . Timing is crucial to beating the game and is rather unforgiving . This leads to starting over numerous times , watching the same animation sequences over and over . I did n't find the animation scenes to be all that good or interesting ; in fact some of them annoyed me . Even after figuring out the right moves to the game , I did n't enjoy much of it , which is always the key factor . On the other hand , some may enjoy the tough challenge that Space Ace presents and an interesting ride . If you enjoyed Dragon 's Lair , I would say you 'll find this to be an exciting outer space adventure .
 This is another edition of the Sims 2 with added holiday items . I thought it was an expansion pack . I could n't load it and finally figured out that I had purchased the Sims2 game again ! I discovered at the Sims2 website that there is an add-on available called Party Pack but I have n't seen it for sale anywhere including here at Amazon . So I bought the same game twice to get a few Holiday items that are n't that great anyway .
 I love the Sims and bought the holiday add on and paid less than 15.00 for it . I was shocked at the lack of objects included . There are maybe 40 items . The wall paper and floors are not worth the price I paid . The version here has the sims 2 included and I can tell you the price is to high . I hope this is n't the way the Sims will go in the future . I have really enjoyed all the games up until this X-Mas Rip off .
 If you already own the Sims 2 you can purchase the holiday stuff alone on the maxis website for $ 14.99 . Total waste of money . Or you can buy the Sims 2 game with the holiday stuff included . DO NOT BUY IT . I bought the holiday pack off the maxis website , and as it turns out most of the stuffincluded in the holiday pack you can download FOR FREE off the sims 2 website . So I spent money on stuff I could have downloaded for free . Of course when you click to buy the holiday party pack , there is no `` WARNING
 Just so you know , if you buy this game -LRB- or any other EA game -RRB- for your children , you can not make a back-up copy of the game . And if your child happens to scratch the disk -LRB- which , seeing as they are kids , is a possibility -RRB- , it 'll cost you a ridiculous $ 13 to replace it.This happened to me -LRB- with the original Sims 2 -RRB- . The people I spoke to at EA games were extremely unfriendly . When I asked why it was so expensive to replace 1 CD , I was told that they are charging me for the software again -LRB- even though I already paid for that when I bought the game originally -RRB- . Apparently it is their ` company policy ' to rip off their customers.After I was told this by a ` warranty person ' , I called again to speak to an operator.The operator I had on the phone refused to put me through to someone who could take down a complaint , and actually hung up on me!I whole heartily agree with some of the other reviewers who are saying that EA is only after making easy $ $ at the expense of their customers . Any way they think they can !
 I also like the Sims and Sims 2 ; however this Holiday Pack is only for new Sims 2 players that do not already own Sims 2 . Like many others , it was bought as a gift for me by a non Sims player that did not realize that this is just a fill in to get a share of the holiday dollars , since EA did not have a new expansion pack ready in time . It really is just a marketing ploy and you should take the poor ratings as a clue that this version is just a rip off by Electronic Arts -LRB- EA -RRB- . You should also know that EA has very poor customer technical support and should exercise caution in any EA game you buy . You think they would make this right by providing the free download to any one that was sucked in by this marketing ploy . Bad EA , you should be ashamed . However , thank you Amazon . I always check the Amazon review section by poorest reviews first , which is where you find out the real truth and problems about a product , before purchase . Thank you for providing such a valuable resource to your customers .
 I was really excited when this finally came out but when I played it I was really disapointed . It slowed down my computer very much and it kept freezing . I couldi n't even play it for 1 minute . Also when i did get to play it , it was really boring . Barely nothing happened . Also when I tired to unistall it I couldi n't ... . so I had to uninstall the whole Sims . I did not like this game at all .
 I 'm a big fan of the Sims2 University , and the original Sims2 . However , I found Holiday Edition revolting ! There 's absolutely nothing there and it ticks me off . I spent 32 blasted dollars on that baby and I might as well just gone and bought myself a new outfit ! The only reason I play is to take pictures of the teenagers and make the neighborhood story title be `` Not Another Teen Model '' where there are pics of all the teenagers in the story.So if you bought this item , I have something to ask
 I saw this at walmart last night and picked it up thinking it was a new special addon package but it turns not its not at all compatible with current sims2 installs and keeps asking to `` insert sims2 disk # 1 '' over and over.While the package does mention Sims2 is part of the package , no where does it say that its not compatible with current Sims2 installs and it does not have any options to just install the holiday stuff without loading in the whole game again.You can get just the holiday addons on the Sims2 website for $ 14.95 . Do n't waste your money if you already own the game .
 Do n't get me wrong . I love the Sims2 game and the expansion packs University and Nightlife . But this is clearly nothing more than a rip off , aimed at getting people who do n't have the game to think they were getting something special for the holidays . You are not.The only thing this has is 40 Christmas items that were not in the original game . To top it off , you can download twelve of these items for free from the official site . Not to mention that if you already own the game , you can download the rest of the items from that site for a much smaller fee . But even that 14.99 is n't worth it . There are way too many sites making many of the same items that you can get for 0 items.Some of the items you get are n't much . There are a lot of new floors and wallpapers that are counted as some of these items . The lights and garland will only hang in one direction , and you ca n't put them across windows or doors without using a cheat . The same with the wreaths . You can substitute some of your trees for Christmas type trees with decorations , and substitute some of the regular doors for doors with wreaths , but it 's kind of a nuisance to have to change everything around then back again . A command to `` decorate door '' or `` decorate outdoor trees '' would have been a lot more convenient and easier to use.There are no really new interactions with the Christmas stuff . If you pet the electric reindeer , you get electrocuted . If you stand under the mistletoe you get kissed . Neither is really a new animation.If you put the stockings on the fireplace and bake Christmas Cookies , Santa will appear . But he 's a rather hapless and annoying Santa . He does chat and intermingle , but all Sims do this . He does not interact with toddlers or hold them on their laps . You would think they would have come up with a little more for the extra price . And Santa will use your bathroom a lot . Oh yeah , he goes ho ho ho a lot.There are also fireworks in the game for New Year , and I guess Father Time and Baby New Years will appear . I do n't know since it 's not New Years yet and I have n't tried that holiday . You can also throw a New Years bash , but one party in this game is pretty much the same as the others.If you do n't have the game yet and are looking to buy it , then this will be okay . Otherwise , do n't waste your money .
 We got this thinking it was an expansion with new items and abilities to celebrate holidays . Nope , it 's the FULL Sims 2 game -LRB- at full game price , too -RRB- and some items . If you already have the Sims 2 , DO NOT BUY THIS . You will screw up your current install and just be buying the game twice . Go to the Sims2 EA website and buy the item expansion for $ 15 instead of this game .
 I was given this as a present by my future mother in law.I did n't even know this was out.I was surprised when I read reviews on it and when I looked to install this.She thought she was buying me a complete expansion package as a gift.I am getting disgusted at the way the company is trying to make money by having it packaged in a different way.You do NOT get all that much Extra items.You can even get the SAME items for free at many sites for Sims and Sims 2 . I am going to give my regular Sims 2 to someone as I have the DVD version.I am DISAPPOINTED and DISGUSTED though with the way they made this look like it was an expansion game with lots of EXTRA items.There are NOT that many items that warrant the cost.This was done for one reason.The Holiday season and people are going to buy gifts.Just remarket it a different way and make more money .
 My brother got me this game for Christmas . I 've always wanted this game and was severely disappointed . First , I hadda uninstall all 12 of the expansion packs to put in this game -LRB- which I understand why -RRB- . So I installed the game -LRB- came with four discs that I hadda add while it was downloading -RRB- . So , I go to play the game all excited after reinstalling the other games , and nothing . There were no Holiday items at all . I looked everywhere . It came with no other discs . I am very upset and have no idea what to do or what happened . There 's nothing I can do today as it 's Christmas , but I will be getting to the bottom of this .
 My kids were looking foward to playing the Sims 2 Holiday Expansion Pack , but when we got it , it would not install . I would n't even read disk 1 . I also had EA tech support try to help me with the problem and they came up with no solutions . Please do not sell people defective products anymore . My kids are very upset with this problem we have now !
 i have bought tons of stuff on amazon ... and have had no problems with their service . . but when u buy a child a gift for xmas and the game doesnt work . . esp when advertised that it does ... its pretty disappointing for the child receiving it . . and since the return policy isnt too great . . i guess ill have to go to the store to get another one . .
 Well , unfortunately , we have n't been able to play this game as it did n't come with the manual , which has the code you have to enter in order to download the game . I 've contacted the seller , but she was selling it for a friend and did n't know anything about the game . -LRB- She was very nice ! -RRB- I also contacted EA games , but they want me to send a money order for $ 10.00 , which we do n't have right now due to Christmas , plus the whole reason for getting this used on line was the price . My 12 year old son is autistic and was real disappointed , so we will get it eventually.Thanks for letting me vent a little . lol
 I saw this game featured on the sims website as an add-on to your current sims games , so I thought it would be a great gift idea for someone so I went out and bought it . I thought the price was a little high for just an expansion but I got it anyway . When I got it home and looked at the package , it says it comes with the sims 2 . I bought it for someone who already has the sims 2 , university , and nightlife . So now I have to go through the hassle of returning it and ordering the right one from ea and hoping it will get to me on time for christmas .
 This is just the same old game with 2 or 3 new items that you can download for free . Plus it comes with the full Sims 2 game -LRB- just to bump up the price -RRB- that will screw your game -LRB- overlapping files -RRB- if you already have it installed.I have stopped buying EA games after playing the original Sims 2 for half an hour . They care too much about $ $ $ and do n't give a crap about quality.This is the same old game with a different package . Avoid .
 I ordered the `` Game Boy Advance SP Pro Gamers Kit - Platinum '' and received the Indigo Blue version . I called GameStop 's customer service immediately and related my situation . To my astonishment the service rep explained that they send either the platinum or indigo kit randomly and that the chance of me getting the correct one is 50-50 . I reiterated that I wanted the platinum kit , but GameStop could not guarantee which one I would receive if they sent another one ! Rather poor business practice , I think ! I asked for my money back and I was told that I would have to pay for return shipping . I complained that it was their mistake in advertising the kit as platinum when you really had no choice in the color you received . After the service rep got snooty she agreed to pay for the return shipping and refund my money . I recommend others be wary of GameStop for this unprofessional business practice . Amazon.com has always been a spectacular e-tailer and I have had no complaints after 7 years of customer loyalty , but if their partner shops are not held to the same standards then my trust in this site will soon begin to erode .
 I bought this early December of 2006 , hoping it will arrive in time for my daughter 's birthday on the Dec. 28th . Weeks and months later ... it never delivered . It 's 02/08/07 and I decided to have them refund my money . I do n't understand why they ask if I want a refund or a reship when they turn around and tell me that it 's out of stock . I think it was NEVER in stock to begin with . DO N'T buy from them EVER .
 This was my son 's purchase . The case is great , but almost everything else is cheaply made .
 I bought the '' GAME BOY ADVANCE SP PRO GAMERS KIT '' because I thought it would FIT ALL my games and my game boy advanced.IT DOES NOT FIT MUCH OF ANYTHING . It `` s to small and not designed well.The items that came with it are made CHEAP and not very useful.My mistakeP.S . I thru it away !!!
 This kit includes a headphone accessory , but the Game Boy Advance does not have an ear phone jack , which is misleading . Seems like they 're trying to justify the high price of this unit with additional items.This kit is worth about $ 20 , but definitely not $ 40 .
 The problem with this game is everything . The enemies always know right where you are regaurdless of how much concealment you have . The ballistics are shotty and not in a good way , and 90 % of the game just outright does n't make sense .
 Despite the primitve graphics -LRB- by todays atandards -RRB- I was starting to have fun with this game . Just as I was beginning to think this game was OK , it ended . It 's short . $ 10 is even a little steep for this game . I would say $ 5 would be fair . Better off getting something newer , unless you have a weak computer and video card .
 Bought this , brought it home , wo n't play . Apparently learning from above reviews it has something to do with a video card ? Trust me , i have no idea what video card i have , all i know is that i can play anything else . Very disappointed ; so is my 3 year old . Opened , ca n't return . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 All I can say is wow ... This game fails on so many fronts it 's scary . I 'm the guy that friends and family call to get help with computer problems and let me just say that getting this game installed on a PC was a MAJOR challenge for me.Problem 1 . This game is on a DVD - not a CD-ROM like 100 % of the other under 8 years old kids games we own . So - it ca n't be played on my kid 's PC - it had to be installed on Mom and Dad 's PC.Problem 2 . The installation process takes forever . The copy protection is draconian - it requires a loooong key . Then , when you initially try to run the software , the copy protection software pops up and forces a computer reboot . After that , the copy protection software starts EVERY time you want to run the game . Initially , the copy protection software said my key was incorrect and crashed my PC . After rebooting , the game inexplicably started ... Overall , I ran through 15-20 minutes of installation issues before it finally ran . You know how fun this is while your children `` patiently '' wait.Problem 3 . The game controls are a joke . You need to be an octapus to get George to move . What where these guys possibly thinking ? Even thought the keyboard controls are listed under the options menu , you ca n't change them . So my kids are left having to use A , S , W , D , spacebar , etc , etc to run this game . Unbeleiveble.Stay away from this game - it 's an absolute disaster on all counts . As I type this my kids are calling me for help -LRB- repeatedly -RRB- just to use the game .
 I ca n't recommend this game ... because my kids ca n't play it . It has a specific video card requirement that apparently my children 's new PC does not have -LRB- according to Namco -RRB- - and of course since it 's been opened it can not be returned . I understand reading the requirements and being aware of your processor speed , your RAM , OS , etc. , but what average consumer goes into a store aware of video card driver compatibilities?The company 's response ? Get a better video card . I 'll stick to Xbox from now on .
 If you make the mistake of buying this game and want to return it ... good luck ! The Factory Depot told me it 's `` non re-retunable . '' Thank goodness for Amazon 's awesome customer service . They covered it under their A to Z Guarantee policy .
 I was fortunate enough to install CG on my computer . Even on a computer that met the necessary requirements -LRB- make sure you have a compatible video card -RRB- , the game was tricky to install . After installation , you have to put up with lame copy protection -LRB- you have to enter a 20 character key , which is obnoxious -RRB- . The game is visually pleasing , but it is extremely difficult for a young child , if not an adult , to play . Controlling the game with a keyboard requires a level of dexterity that most young kids lack -LRB- my 5 year old computer-literate son really struggled using the keyboard -RRB- . If you play the game with a gamepad , there are no camera controls associated with the gamepad , so you end up with really weird camera angles which makes the game unnecessarily difficult to play . Although the movie targeted very young audiences , this game is really not made for young children -LRB- less than age 5 -RRB- . Please remember that this is strictly an action/role playing game with little educational value -LRB- unlike the educational CG games -RRB- . The level of dexterity and computer use skills required to play this game are usually not found kids less than 5 . Therefore , think twice before buying this game for a very young child .
 When I installed the game I noticed that it installed StarForce copy protection software along with it . Needless to say , I have had to replace my DVD/CD-Rom drive and reformat my hard-drive . I now know to stay clear of software containing StarForce.The game itself is n't so hot either . I made it about a third of the way through before I was stuck in a loop and unable to continue . Steer clear !
 My 5 year old son and I have played this game numerous times . WHile the graphics are quite impressive and the concept very cool ... It does have some major issues . -LRB- For e.g. unable to change the controls on the keyboard , unable to save your current progress so one has to start from ground zero everytime you quit , unable to get past one jungle scene ... we have tried everything and can not get past a certain vine jump ... we are unable to access the other levels so the game is virtually useless past a certain point . -RRB- There is no help options ... DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME IN ITS CURRENT STATE .
 I wish I had seen these before loading this game . Way to dificult for my six year old to play , or even for an adult . Very frustrating to say the least -- stay away from this game .
 I bought this for my son at a department store last week and could NOT get it to run . The screen kept saying `` ca n't support '' something about `` pipes '' . My son 's computer is new -- we just bought it last year . I tried to install it on MY computer , and it took forever ... so I just stopped the process.We took it back to the store and got the PS2 version , instead . Yes , the PS2 version is double the prices but it 's WORTH it . Judging from the complexity of the PS2 game , I ca n't imagine how a child -LRB- or adult ! -RRB- would find navigating this game on a PC any fun at all ... especially having to use a variety of keys just to move around.I ca n't comment on the game itself because I could n't open it ! However , my review of the PS2 Curious George game is here on Amazon .
 I had the same problem with Curious George as the above reviewer . It will only load 1/2 in my brand new computer.However , I work with computers and made sure this new computer had a really good video card when I ordered it . ALL other games I have work except Curious George . So apparently this game only works with some specific video card , which is ridiculous . MOST consumers would n't know that . Why not make it compatible with most video cards of a certain speed ? Fortunately I was able to return the game for an in-store credit , but most people wo n't be so lucky .
 I have never before posted a negative review of a product , but felt compelled to do so after my experiences with this `` product . `` I gave this game as a birthday gift to my young nephew , but his parents were unable to make it run on their BRAND NEW HP laptop -LRB- running Windows 7 -RRB- . I helped them uninstall and re-install the software several times , but no luck ; still got the same `` Starforce '' error messages.Foolishly , I then tried to load the software on my own Dell laptop -LRB- also running Windows 7 -RRB- . The result ? System crashed , and my computer would no longer boot . I had to run system restore to get this horrible program off my computer and recover my original configuration.I should have Googled `` Starforce '' before trying to load this MALWARE on my own PC . Apparently I 'm not alone in having problems with StarforceAs for th game itself ; I ca n't comment on how good it is , since I have n't been able to make it run .
 I respect the opinions of others , but you should seriously consider a better Mech sim like Mechwarrior , or even Starsiege . The AI in the game is good enough , but too often I could n't trust my team to take care of them selves very well . I have played this game since it came out , and never got past the 10th or so mission becouse the weak story could n't make me care . The Gears are well animated and textured , but they still do n't act like they should or sound like it . If I am piloting a 10 ton robot I expect to hear the sound of heavy metal parts whining and running , but you only hear the soft foot falls as it jogs along . The graphics are okay , nothing ground braking even with a 3D card it does n't make full use of it . The weapons are well balanced but their effects are dull save for the rocket packs and particle cannons . Had HG2 had more time and not pounded out in to a least decent form it could have been a very good game . As it is , if you want a real Mech sim get Mechwarrior 3-good effects and simpler game play .
 I have n't had as much success as some people . I 've been unable to install the game since the day I bought it . I 've been all over the web looking for a clue as to why the install does n't work . It appears to work - but no binaries are installed , and I ca n't play the game . The documentation on the CD says nothing about it , the Loki website says nothing about it , and I have n't been able to find any solutions . If you think you can gamble $ ... , then go for it . It may work for you . But I 've got a worthless game here , I 've been trying to get it working for over a year . It says one star , but only because I was * required * to rate this game . I think it deserves 0 stars .
 I just recieved this game today and I am already yelling at it and it is probably going to be on its way back shortly . When I go to create my horse after getting my rider . . I get up to the adjust horse stats screen and can go no further ... If I go back then nothing gets saved . Am I just a moron who cant figure this out or is there something wrong with it ? I looked in the booklet and have been searching online for almost an hour now
 I purchased this game a while ago because I love horse games . From the description , and screen shots , it looked like a fun game . I was disappointed to see that you really have no freedom in the game . You ca n't walk around the barn or outside , like I thought . There is a menu where you choose what event you want to do , or which horse you want to ride . That 's as intricate as it gets ! Riding in the events are pretty fun
 Warcraft 3 , which is coming out very soon . just beacause these people beat Blizard to a RPS game , Blizzard will still be better . So wait and buy Warcraft3 and get a better game from a better company
 The box looks cool ; the idea is good and that 's about it . This games tries to mix two game-play styles -LRB- i.e.
 I was waiting for this game months before its release . When it finally came out I rushed to the store to buy it . Do n't make the same mistake I did . Words can not explain the hatred I have for this ... game . Graphics , gameplay , units . They all ... I repeat do n't waste your money .
 Why is it when developers unleash a franchise game they tend to get lazy and contemptuous with their design ? For years I 've been waiting for a good Gundam game , so it was with great excitement that I launched into this game . What Bandai delivered is a game that has great visuals and a wonderful cast of characters from past and present Gundam series , but a fighting game that is lukewarm at best , absolutely horrendous at worst.Badly balanced characters is the worst aspect of this game . I 've finished the game with every character by now , but every time I have to fight `` Psycho Gundam MkII '' , it 's still one of the most unpleasantly ill-balanced fights I 've ever come across . I know some gamers equate difficulty with fun and unfairness with challenge , but fighting a computer character whose every hit takes off about eight times more energy than you do is n't exactly my idea of fun -LRB- and I 'm not talking about a Psycho Crusher-style , one-time-only super move either -RRB- . Even among the usable characters , Zeong -LRB- possibly my favourite Gundam character ever -RRB- and Quin Mantha are quite weak , but The-O is lopsidedly powerful.There are n't that many playing options , either -- the Vs. mode does n't offer that many more characters to choose from ; the Story mode has laughable , generic Japanese anime cliche dialogue -LRB- `` I 'm as tough as they come '' , `` I 'll destroy you '' , etc. -RRB- , and the ending is so flimsy I would 've rather not had any ending at all.Being a huge Gundam fan , I still give this game an extra star . Based on gameplay alone , this is a real stinker . The only point of recommendation is really for the characters . Sure , it 's fun to play as Sazabi or Zaku II , but does that make up for a very bad fighting engine , dirt-poor response and careless design ? Not for me .
 I recall playing this game years ago -- almost a decade . This game featured a cool cast of characters , but that 's it.For Gundam fans , it may have been somewhat of a treat simply because of the cast of characters and the Gundam title slapped on ; however , this Gundam game is more like a slap across the face . The story is drab , the gameplay is a little uninspired and generic -LRB- almost a copy of the older 2D Dragon Ball Z fighting games -- which were also pretty poor as well -- replaced with Gundam characters -RRB- , the game is horribly unbalanced , and the voice acting was sub-par . This was the first in a line of three Gundam fighting games to be horrible and the trilogy goes downhill with each sequel.Pros : + Fun for Gundam Fans + Lots of GundamsCons : - Generic Fighter/Another Game Using a Known Name and attaching to a bad game-UnbalancedI highly only recommend this game to hardcore Gundam fans ... and even then , I warn you to rent the game first if you MUST try it out .
 Following the trend of Gundam games in America , Battle Assault is terrible . There are , though , two ways to look at it
 I havent even got it yet and its been a week
 This game was cool the first few days I got it but then it started to get old and the only one who likes it in my family is my cousin . All the charictars moves are alike . And it lacks the long time fun like The Legend of Zelda
 I was excited when I saw this game , and for about 10 minutes was really pleased . But as I got further into to it , I found the game slow and boring . What really angered me is that you can only be Heero in story mode . There are other important pilots in the Gundam series like say - oh I do n't know - Amaro Ray ? Ever heard of him game ? Apparently the first New Type was n't good enough to be featured in the story version of this game . Another problem was that the playing fields are way to small , but I give major props for getting the scale of the characters in relation to one another correct and the overall variety of characters to choose from . The only other good point about this game is the graphics are quite nice . But it 's lack of replay value -LRB- something important in all fighting games -RRB- and paucity of any real challenge is quite a let down from an anime series that should not be too hard from which to make a great game . Though I hear the sequel to this game is much better , I do n't see how it could be any worse .
 I purchased this game with high expectations ... I mean , Gundams ... mass destruction , I was excited . Sadly the gameplay is a bit slow and the only real challenge I got was at the end when I confronted the boss . The mechanics are similar to other fighting games and focus on combos and button smashing more than they should . Also , the changes that this game went through before reaching America 's shores left it wanting . I felt cheated when I heard that the main character in Japan was * gasp * a female mobile suit pilot !! Could it be ?! Wow !! And yet , when it hit America , we got Heero Yuy , a * male * MS pilot . Not that there 's anything wrong with Heero , mind you , but a girl in a mobile suit was a more inspiring role model to me . All and all , even if you 're a big fan of Gundam , you should spend five bucks renting the game rather than almost fifty to buy it .
 I had a feeling this game would be more than less , since it 's on playstation and not playstation 2 or dreamcast . the line is pretty good , it 's a dang shame that wing zero , tallgeese , or any other favored gundams from gundam wing are n't on this game beside wing gundam . the special moves are lack luster and limited . why does dodging take away power from your life and why do you have a limit on your shooting powers ? basically this game has no appeal to me what so ever . thank god i got this game free instead of wasting my money on it . if you want a real good gundam game , then write to bandai or somebody cus this is n't worth it .
 This game is too complicated for my 7 year old . Even with my help she was frustrated . By the time she is old enough to play this game alone she will think she is too old to do anything with Barbie in the title . Save your money .
 Do I have to give it a star at all ? This is by far the worst game my daughter owns . It 's so difficult to play that my daughter needs my help constantly . And I find it extremely slow , and frustrating . Trust me , this game will aggravate both you AND your child . Save your money , folks .
 This may have be a pretty nice game , but I bought it used and it is a little distorted with slow movements . Looking beyond the defects , young Barbie girls will like this .
 It says it 's 2 player , but it is n't really two player . it 's blurry and slow . I do n't really like it .
 prince of persia has some of the worst graphics ive seen on DC . Every room in the game is almost exactly the same thing . there is no action . you walk around and try to get to the next room . Try buying Skies of Arcadia -LRB- best game ever -RRB- , sonic or anything other than this .
 I love first person shooters , I 've played tons of them making me wonder why this game is so praised . Half of the aliens are comedy relief who crack lame jokes , run around like Ewoks with laser guns . The other groups of aliens run around in colorful suits of armor making them less of a threat and more of a joke . The ally AI was a joke , most of the time I 'd have to drive around dodging while my AI lackie missed every shot . Taking the turret over I had nothing more to do than laugh as he plows head on into the enemy tank and I get turned into bacon strips.The game seems to want to be the movie Aliens but more light hearted . It was generic shooter all the way and even more so online . I 'm missing something I 'm sure since the game was n't what people were telling me it was . Most of the guns sound like toys and Master Chief looks like he 's made of plastic . A minor complaint I have is the game is n't HD , it 's 640p scaled up to 720p so that 's standard definition confusing me since it 's supposed to be a next gen game.The helmet is nothing more than a tiny decoration for you to put on a shelf to gather dust and house spiders , making the price insane for something like this.In short Halo 3 is nothing short of a generic shooter which is n't bad , but it does n't live up to the hype in the least , it 's nothing ground breaking and in my opinion it 's not worth 60 dollars never the less the price you pay for the helmet pack , a good rental at best .
 I love the Halo franchise , however both Halo 2 and Halo 3 were a let down in My opinion . As far as the Legendary package goes , there was n't enough included with it for the price that was being asked for it . The helmet could have been bigger . Halo 3 , from what I 've read from all of the books about the games , is actually the other half of Halo 2 , so Bungie and Microsoft sold us out for game content and story plot.Where 's the rest of the story ? I personally preferred Halo
 I ordered what I thought included the halo helmet , I did not need the game I was sent . Not paying close attention this only included the video game . Too pissed off to send the game back I will gamestop it tomorrow . Beware and read descriptions as I did not , I cant see many people wanting this old game without the perks , still it can fool others like it did me ! Do not buy if you think the mask is included .
 Mario Bros.Two Stars - Important by making Mario a plumber , but that 's about it `` Mario Bros. '' is far more important historically than it is fun to play . Developed and released in 1983 , it introduces Mario the plumber to the world for the very first timeNintendo developed `` Mario Bros '' . as a followup to their 1981 smash `` Donkey Kong '' . Shigeru Miyamoto and Gunpei Yokoi were the main developers of the title . Miyamoto is probably the most famous of all video game developrs . Gunpie , who was killed in 1997 due to a car accident , developed the Gameboy , the disastrous Virtual Boy , `` Super Mario Land '' , `` Metroid '' and `` Kid Icarus '' . It was only in `` Mario Bros. '' that Mario became a plumber . During the `` Donkey Kong '' era , Mario had a different profession . Mario 's chosen profession was carpentry in `` Donkey Kong '' , which may explain all the scaffolding . For the follow up , Miyamoto and Yokio decided to make him a plumber . This was due to the subterranean setting as well as the enemies -LRB- turtles -RRB- . Originally the game mechanic was that when Mario hits the creatures that come out of the pipes they would die , but they found this too easy . Instead , Nintendo made it where after you hit the creature , you then had to kick them . Due to this , Miyamoto made the enemies turtles , which gave birth to the famous Koopa Troopas of `` Super Mario '' fame . Because Mario was now a plumber by profession , they made the setting subterranean , with the enemies crawling out of pipes rather than thin air as originally considered . `` Mario Bros. '' is also the first time we are introduced to Luigi . Like `` Super Mario Bros. '' and `` The Lost Levels '' , Luigi is simply a palette swap of Mario . `` Mario Bros. '' has been released on over a dozen different gaming platforms as well as several non Nintendo consoles . The game would also make numerous appearance in other Nintendo titles , including `` Super Mario Bros. 3 '' , the `` Super Mario Advance '' series , the Gamecube `` Animal Crossing '' -LRB- though it required a of work to unlock -RRB- , and even in the recent `` Mario & Luigi
 Someone gave me this game and I have since sold it . Not really worth playing . I did not see the point , but maybe as a family game it would be good .
 Not near as much fun as I thought it was going to be . Would pass if I had the chance .
 This disc is in poor condition and would not download properly . I have wanted this game for a long time , and was so disappointed that it was faulty . I did not return it because of the cost to do so . I will have to remember not to buy from this group again .
 I bought the game and it never would start . My OS -LRB- Pentium 300 -RRB- and SVGA card -LRB- 128MG -RRB- were not the problem . I was really excited to do my `` Coast Guard '' thing , but no joy . Totally bummed in Dixie ...
 Be aware that the adapter sold here was designed for 110V only and not the dual voltage type 100-245V as stated . For those of you planning to use the wii adapter in your country that requires 220V , be prepared to use a voltage converter if you buy this product .
 I was a bit skeptical to purchase a non-Nintendo branded power adapter . However , I figured , it 's JUST a power cord , what could go wrong?I took it out of the box , plugged it in , then plugged it into my Wii . Things were fine for about 10 minutes then I heard a POP . Nothing seemed strange , I just thought it was something else.Shortly after the Wii shut off . I turned it back on and now I heard popping and zapping . It was coming from the power adapter . I quickly unplugged it and noticed an electrical burn smell . More than likely a bunch of cap 's inside blew out.I do n't know if there is permanent damage to the Wii , but I will not even take the chance for another unit.As the saying goes , you get what you pay for , and then you have to pay more.Edit : The Wii motherboard was damaged and had to pay Nintendo over $ 100 to repair it . I went and told eForcity that they should be responsible for it and they -LRB- obviously -RRB- wanted proof that their product damaged my Wii.I will never purchase any generic power adapter and will never purchase from eForcity ever again .
 Absolutely crappy picture with LCD my TV . Creates waves of vertically scrolling static . I tried it on two different LCD TVs , same result . Can not compare with Nintendo brand power cable . Eforcity ships fast and is excellent vendor , but this product is not worth purchasing if you are concerned in the least with picture quality ! I went to Nintendo 's website and got a refurbished one for $ 15 . Too bad I wasted my money buying this one first !
 When using this power adapter it makes distortion/lines go down the screen . I would not recommend this adapter . You get what you pay for .
 This power supply is not worth getting . I noticed that it seems to lose power randomly . Sometimes you can play for days with no issue and sometimes you can play for an hour and you will get power loss 3-4 times . I would stay away from this one . I plug in my original Nintendo plug and do not have the issue at all so it is this plug .
 The power adaptor looks the same as the official one at first glance , but the `` brick '' part weighs much less than the real thing . Obviously this is n't anything inherently wrong with the product , except that when plugged in , it makes a constant , clearly audible tone/buzz/hiss . When unplugged from the socket , one can hear a sound similar to a small motor being powered down coming from the `` brick . '' Clearly , this is an inferior product , and , for me , unusable . Perhaps if you 're less sensitive to higher frequency noises , it wo n't bother you , but I ca n't recommend this product over the official adaptor , despite the savings .
 I was n't sure how much my family would use the old Wii if we resurrected it , but I thought it would be fun to try . However , in a recent long-distance move we 'd managed to misplace the power supply . This seemed like a low-risk way to fire it up again.The price is low , but so is the quality of the product . It got the Wii running again , with a little coaxing , but not for long . It lasted just a few days , with no real game play involved -LRB- I was still working on the problem of getting the sensor bar working from two rooms away -RRB- . When it died completely , I took a quick look inside.Wow - what a mess . Two surface mount devices completely blown -LRB- there are burn marks on the styrofoam strip above their charred remains -RRB- . The shoddiest construction I 've ever seen in a consumer electronics device , by far . The only reason this thing is n't much of a fire hazard is that active components inside will burn out long before the wiring . Really , this manufacturer should be ashamed.I found a way to get the Nintendo OEM part for about twice as much . This felt like a great move to me . Not only has it been reliable , but it 's also much heavier and much better made . I 've stopped worrying about my house catching fire just because the Wii 's plugged in.I recommend avoiding this product , and suggest looking for the OEM part . THe difference is significant but worth it .
 This wii power cord was working great initially and just after 2 months it used to turn off after 1-2 hrs of play . I am not an avid gamer and used to play just 2-3 times a month i was managing with it and now it stopped working all together . I do not get any power wot my console . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I used the product for less than a day , heard two loud pops and disconnected the unit , it had obviously blown . Received a replacement AC unit and discovered the WII is dead , company is dancing around offering an RMA but not actually sending me the information . They have told me I have to get the unit evaluated by their own `` tech specialist '' to evaluate the unit before they will do anything , I 'm sure that will be unbiased . Will not permit me to simply get the unit repaired by a local tech who we can both agree on , regret the purchase and dealing with this company .
 As this is NOT what I ordered , I will be brief
 Cumbersome to use , not too efficient , game selection just OK . Probably better solitaire games out there . I do n't recommend it .
 This product is marketed as being able to import DFX and DWG files and it ca n't . The manual states that you can manipulate layers in the import preference setup and the program shows no such capability . In fact , it ca n't handle layers at all . Version 1.0 is at best beta software . Customer support is a joke . They charge $ 1.00 per minute for support calls and $ 10.00 per email . Spend your money on this program and you 're on your own . False claims + no support = JUNK . Do n't waste your money on this garbage . If I could give it no star , I would .
 I was looking for a simple drafting program to do floorplans and basic blueprints . The sales blurb implies this is exactly what I needed . However , the instruction booklet is useless , I emailed them several times asking if tutorials or templates were available and I got no response . I would have been happy to pay for them . There is an affiliated site offering instruction and tutorials , they never responded to my enquiries either . I 'm sure if you are familiar with autocad this is a good alternative to more expensive programs , but I could not be sure.I see no point in selling a product and offering zero customer service . I would return it but now it is installed I see no point in battling with amazon or turbocad , I will probably lose and end up winding myself up even more.My advice - get virtual pc and pick from numerous architectural and drafting programs available at a fraction of the cost .
 I used to use a much earlier version of turbocad for Mac OS 7 . That program was wonderful . When this was introduced I naturally assumed it would be a much better update and just as easy to use . I was wrong . The program is difficult to use , or rather get started with . and there does n't seem to be a way to easily set the grid or the final output size as there was in the previous versions.Overall , I 'm very disappointed in this product . The Manual was n't much help either .
 This product will not install on Mac OSX version 10.6.x . This is the response from IMSI : `` TurboCAD Mac v1 .1 has not been tested or is supported on the operating system Leopard 10.6.x . The newly release version of TurboCAD Mac v5 is Snow Leopard compatible , for upgrade pricing please contact our sales department at -LSB- ... -RSB- So , this brand-new software is not usable for me , and IMSI wants me to buy an upgrade . The product page only says `` Macintosh OS X -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- or greater '' . I hope Amazon will take this back , but either way it 's a lot of wasted time and effort , and I still do n't have the drawing software I need .
 I got this mouse for Christmas back in 2007 . since Dec of 2008 I have been having intermittent freezing and resetting of the mouse . After almost a MONTH of replying back and forth between Logitech 's tech support -LRB- their `` Gaming '' division -RRB- they finally decided my mouse was bad and would ship out a replacement . AFTER I sent the old mouse back . My replacement just shipped , another G7 . This is a VERY common problem with the G7 's and logitech has even ADMITTED TO IT . yet they keep shipping them out -LRB- Do n't believe me , google `` Logitech G7 Freezing '' STAY AWAY !
 Bought twoTwo went bad within a yearFirst one had trouble copy & paste -LRB- would erratically pick up only partial click and drag -RRB- Second oneAfter 40 seconds of operation , it cuts out for a minute , -LRB- NO ! It 's not a problem with Fz lock -RRB- . I feel both problems are related in that the actual design of the inner mouse mechanism is extremely vulnerable to shockI just work with these mice in an office environment - Do n't remember dropping them - If I did , it would only hit the carpetFor example
 Watch out . The mouse seemed to work fine . However , all of a sudden the pointer motion became sporatic and jumpy . Turns out any time my wireless G network got heavy traffic -LRB- a different computer running a backup to the server -RRB- the mouse got interference . I tried it several times and confirmed 100 % this to be the case . Back it goes .
 I just bought this mouse from amazon.com and just got it today , sounded cool and all online but i pull it out of the box and use it on my brand new mouse pad , a normal black foamy stuff mouse pad , and it didnt work ! I thought ok , it must be my batteries arent charged , i let them charge till the light went solid and put it in , still the mouse failed to work ! I then thought maybe the mouse pad is n't smooth enough . I proceeded to invent a cover for my mouse pad out of a page protector . It worked fine then , but why do i need a page protector on a brand new normal mouse pad ?!? It 's never even been used with another mouse , there should be nothing wrong with it and i ca n't just buy a new one because it has pictures printed on it I put there . The box even clearly says no reflective surfaces but it seems this mouse requires it to function at all . Other than this problem , which remains to be seen if it will be fixed when i call logitech tomorrow , the mouse seemed to work allright when i used it on my page protected mouse pad ! **************************************************************** Called Tech support today and asked why i ca n't use the mouse on my photo printed mouse pad their reply was `` the laser mouse has trouble reading the multicolored mouse pad '' `` a sheet of paper might work good instead '' `` it 's a bad design flaw '' - This all came from logitech 's tech support ! I did n't buy a $ 70 mouse to use a sheet of paper as a mouse pad ! They should label the box better | No reflective surfaces and no multicolored surfaces |
 Stay away from this mouse if you are willing to change the batteries everyday . It comes with 2 rechargable pack . Unless you turn off the mouse at night , the battery will need to be changed in the morning .
 The mouse itself is a great idea , but the battery life is horrible . I guess that is why you receive two batteries with this mouse ; they resemble cheap cordless phone batteries.I work from home , and can tell you the battery will not last through half a day of continuous use . I find myself having to switch batteries at the worst possible moments . - Sure it has a battery indicator , but it is covered by the palm of your hand.So for what I paid , the previous Logitech MX Laser is a much better deal . The battery life on that mouse lasts almost 3 times as long as the two combined which come with the G7 .
 Let me start off by saying this is a wonderful product by Logitech , I have never losed a connection and runs just like a corded mouse ! ... Now comes the gripes.First problem was the price . 66 dollars for a wireless mouse is ridiculous ... but a rebate saved me -LRB- so I ca n't complain -RRB- . But seriously , 6-12 weeks . . till money . c'mon now.Secondly the laser engine is a gimmick . There is no difference between the optical and the laser -LRB- used a MX510 , MX518 -RRB- . Thirdly , the foward/back page does NOT work with Mozilla FireFox which ruined this experience for me . The MX510/MX518 was able to go from the foward pages to the back with the side buttons , but the G7 does not have side buttons ... the scroller in the middle can tilt , but tilt is only compatiable with IE , NOT Mozilla FireFox ... this disappointed me greatly and I hope Logitech patches it somehow.Another problem -LRB- but solved -RRB- , was the rechargable batteries . The life was decent , to sub-par . However Logitech thankfully saves the day and gives two packs so it solves the problem completely.Basically for the price of US66 .00 , this is defintely not recommended . I would also say to avoid this ! ... unless the price drops to 15-30 dollars which is then worth a try.note
 I have to switch batteries once every 1.5 days . I do n't play any game so I have no idea why it is draining the battery that hard . Wonder how long the included battery would last . It is definitely not a GREEN mouse from that perspective .
 The first few months this mouse was great , but after a year , the tiny batteries have become annoyingly weak . I have another Logitech cordless I have owned for THREE YEARS that uses AA batteries , and I 'm not joking , I have replaced those batteries ONCE . These little rechargeable cards with the G7 are now lasting maybe 2 hours at a time.I 'm also having problems keeping the mouse connected . At least once a day , it will just lose communication with Windows and I have to unplug the cordless adapter , count to 10 , and plug back in so Windows will recognize the device ... . not worth the $ 60 - $ 70 price tag imo .
 This mouse was designed for serious gaming and it does a wonderful job ! As others have noted , the G7 is precise , adjustable , and comfortable to use . I have used the G7 for the past 2 years and I love it , BUT I would NOT recommend anyone purchasing a G7 for the simple reason that like all rechargable batteries , the Lithium-Ion batteries that come with the G7 will wear out and gradually lose their ability to hold a charge . One would expect that this would be no big deal since you just buy replacements ... after all , nothing lasts forever ! However , try to buy a replacement ... no one has them . I have tried twice over the last several months to buy from Logitech . Both times , they cancelled my order . Below is the actual message from Logitech : ------------------------------------------------------------ Thank you for ordering from Logitech United States . The following products have been cancelled from your order at your request or the product -LRB- s -RRB- is no longer available for purchase.Product Name Qty OrderedBattery 2 ------------------------------------------------------------ Well the order was NOT cancelled at my request ! So , it is clear that the product is no longer available and they do n't anticipate it being available any time soon . So , their solution is to just cancel my order so that they do n't have to carry it in their system as an unfilled order . That would look bad on their order stats . Until or unless someone addresses the issue of replacement batteries no one should waste their money on a G7 and I question why companies like Logitech , Amazon , and others still sell the G7 . Surely they must know what I know ... that replacement batteries can not be obtained , yet they still sell the product!If replacement batteries were available , I would rate this mouse 5-stars . As is , I give it 1-star . If you buy a G7 , think of it as a totally disposable product that will last you a year or two at most . Then plan to go shopping for a new mouse ... one that might last you a bit longer . *** Update
 The mouse itself works fine and I do n't have problems with range as I had with my last cordless mouse . However the battery will last only one or two days . Logitech states that 8 hioours of use is the expected life . It 's easy enough to swap the batteries back and forth , but still a small hassle . Most people should opt for a less power hungry mouse .
 This is one of those mice that has awesome potential but it does n't quite live up to it . Firstly the good points : Pros :1 -RRB- Fit is nice and ultra comfortable , perhaps the most comfortable .2 -RRB- No need for batteries .3 -RRB- Performance is excellent for the cursor , perhaps the best out there .4 -RRB- Great wireless range.Cons :1 -RRB- Drastically short battery life .2 -RRB- No forward button .3 -RRB- Buggy software .4 -RRB- Wireless is unreliable .5 -RRB- Compatability issues with other products.I must admit I was very taken by this mouse . When this thing works it is simply the best thing out there , but over time its problems really begin to surface . I bought it for gaming and for use with Adobe Photoshop and it that fashion it works wonderfully . Admittedly I find very little difference in how it functions within games than any of the MS Intellimouse designs that are available but this may be that my system is actually pretty good , so on a subpar machine you may find a performance improvement . The first problems that I noticed where with the software . The mouse did n't work with Firefox with the default drivers but this is fixed by downloading the updates from Logitech , so do n't even bother with the install CD . After this update all seems well however once again over time little problems show themselves . The software does n't always want to work with your existing hardware and after trying to figure out what was causing the issues by removing all of the keyboards and joysticks -LRB- the mouse repeatedly trying to open the address bar in IE -RRB- I decided to go without the logitech software and just use Windows default mouse settings . This solved most of its little idiosyncracies except for its occasional slowdowns on startup and a number of other little nigglies . So far the problems are all just little annoying things that I can live with , but after awhile I got annoyed at having to change the blasted battery all of the time and then the wireless lag hit . Many people have this problem and it causes the mouse cursor to hang for 5-10 seconds or so . In the end I decided that while this mouse is brilliant at times , it is too mercurial to be of use for me . I have abandonded it in favour of the MS Wireless Laser Mouse 6000 which works reliably and offers similar cursor accuracy for games and for Photoshop . If you are the sort of person who could tolerate its mercurial nature then this is a winner , if not , then there are better options instead of wondering two or three months down the track why you spent so much on an irritating mouse .
 So many things that I love about the G7 , its precision , light-weight , easy-to-change and recharge batteries , good feel ... etc. . However , in the past year I purchased 4 -LRB- FOUR -RRB- of these and not one of them would stay functional for longer than a few months . I purchased so many for work and home use . Each performed flawlessly until one day , generally several months after daily use , the mouse would begin to exhibit unusual clicking issues . Many other users have described my similar complaint . The mouse seems to lose connection the pc as the cursor will disappear , or random clicks will occur . Tested the mouse on several pcs in different environments to rule out interference or other problems . Tech Support promised replacements upon sending receipt and device back to them at my own expense , however it has been months with no response . Extemely disappointed in what appears to be a great mouse !
 I have two Logitech G7 mice on two different computers . These are great mice when they work . Unfortunately , I have had both go bad -LRB- at different times -RRB- where the mouse produces a double click instead of a single click . I tried basic troubleshooting steps where I reinstalled the software , removed the battery and clicked on the buttons for 5 minutes to drain the power from the device , but this did not help . I also connected a wired mouse for a few days and found that the problem disappeared indicating the problem was with the mouse . I contacted Logitech about replacing the mouse and found their support to be poor . They indicated that I had to ship back the old mouse , which I understand . However , they wanted me to pay for shipping this product back to them . When I asked whether this policy applies in California , where we have stronger consumer protection laws , Logitech disconnected the line on me . I was respectful during the entire conversation and just wanted confirmation that this policy applied to consumers in California.I am unhappy with my purchase since I paid good money for this device and had the device fail me in about 1 year . I am more disappointed that their support team was rude.It appears that a lot of people are happy with this mouse , but I wanted people to know the quality of support they will receive when they contact Logitech for any problems.I found other people having the same problem with the double click issue . Google `` logitech double click g7 '' and you will find other people with the same problem .
 Maybe my expectations are just too high , but I 've come to expect a lot from Logitech products . They 've been great in the past . Maybe it 's just this particular product . I 've read some complaints about the short battery life . Very true and disappointing considering it 's made to be a gaming mouse . And for several months I 've been having issues with bad buttons . Sometimes when I click on windows , they stay inactive . I 've found that it has something to do with the scroll button sticking . If I wiggle it a bit , it seems to relieve the problem for a little and allows me to select windows again . I 'll probably still try another Logitech , but I was disappointed with this particular one
 This mouse is all the positives that you 've read . It is a GREAT mouse IF you get one that is n't defective . I purchased mine in August/September and within a month it started acting up -LRB- on multiple machines -RRB- . The cursor would freeze for a period of 60-90 seconds - 3 to 4 times a hour . It did n't matter if I had a freshly charged battery in there or not . -LRB- and it 's not near any other wireless sources so it 's not a matter of interference and all drivers/setpoint are current -RRB- . I called Logitech 's customer support and since this mouse is no longer manufactured -LRB- so watch out if you 're purchasing one after the date on this post -RRB- they offered me a wireless MX Revolution or a wired G9 . -LRB- I took the G9 and will review that later -RRB- . So while the mouse is good there are issues with it - Logitech 's CS is superb . Although I 'll swear to that AFTER I get the new mouse : -RRB-
 I was impressed with the mouse on the first day but soon realized that it was a horrible mouse in the most important area . The cursor would skip from area to area on the monitor regardless of how close the receiver was to the mouse . My computer would fail to recognize the mouse after a while resulting in unplugging the usb cord and plugging it back in . This happened on multiple computers . In total the mouse was a disaster , I went back to my older mouse that atleast was useable .
 recieved a new one with same problem . tech support said its a common issue with this model . pretty useless .
 I have this mouse for over an year and it always had issues with disconnection problems . I talked to logitech and they said that they will send me a replacement and I have chosen Performance MX.This mouse was taken out from logitech and brought back after couple of months . The issue I have is also the top one is their forums . The customer care does not know if the problem has been rectified after a couple of versions of this mouse.its a good mouse with swappable batteries which i like a lot . Batteries do no last more than a week.Buy it and see if this works for you . you can always get a replacement with a warranty of 3 years .
 Sadly I have purchased two G7 cordless mice , both have developed the `` double click '' problem . I gave Logitech the benefit of the doubt with the first one and purchased a second one . After the second mouse developed the same problem I finally contacted Logitech customer support . I have been talking to them for a 11/2 months now and still no replacement mouse . I for one would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This mouse comes with two batteries . Logitech probably realized the relative short battery life and compensated by supplying an extra battery to swap out if the first starts to fade . This works if the second battery is good . Not in the one I purchased . One battery simply wo n't charge . I contacted Logitech and requested a replacement battery -LRB- it 's under warranty - whatever good that does -RRB- . They told me to contact the retailer - for a replacement battery ?!? No help there : Pack up the mouse and mail it back to the seller -LRB- Amazon in my case -RRB- and have them send me a replacement mouse ?!? A bit of overkill is n't it ? I just need a battery . Logitech will not put a battery in the mail and send it to me . Period !
 SO I got it and it was good for a year then it died . RMA i get a DOA RMA again 2 months later dead now I 'm trying to get a refund so i can get the G5 -LRB- much better -RRB- . Save money and get a G5 .
 I 've owned my Logitech G7 for 3 months now , bought it new at a Fry 's Electronics store . At first everything was great , I never experienced any dropoff in signal to the receiver or anything like that . My first problem with the mouse started about 1 month after owning it , I began noticing that the 2 rechargable batteries that came with it were already losing strength . . and they were n't holding quite as big a charge as they did when I first got it . No big deal I thought . . it still beats going through a box of AA 's in a month.Now 3 months later . . these batteries barely hold a charge at all . I replace them at least 2 times a day , sometimes 3 . And replacement batteries are nowhere to be found , or bought on Logitech 's website . . I could overlook this if the mouse could take normal batteries as well , but it ca n't . And that is n't even my main problem with this mouse . About 1 week ago , it began exhibiting some strange behavior and it will at RANDOM count my mouse clicks , as double clicks . This is absolutely maddening ... I hit back on Internet Explorer , it jumps back 2 pages , because of the double click . I hit forward once , in attempt to get back to the page I want , it double clicks again , and takes me too far . I try to move icons on my desktop , but the random double clicking opens everything I click on instead . And no , this is not a software issue . . I tested it on different computers both with , and without the logitech software . It also is not the double click speed setting . . I tried both extremities of this setting , and it still exhibited this flaw.So upon searching Logitechs website about this , I find that a multitude of people are having this problem with the G7 . Come to find that even people who had their mouse replaced by logitech -LRB- replaced with another G7 , that is -RRB- are still experiencing this problem after a short period of having the new one . This problem severely hinders both gaming , and work that I do on my PC.Finally I came to the conclusion that I just need to suck it up and face the fact that I flushed $ 100 down the toilet in buying this mouse . Steer very clear ... this thing is way more trouble than its worth .
 I spent a decent chunk of change on this POS , should have gone with razer instead , here 's why this mouse fails epically as a GAMING mouse :1 . Poor Battery Life . I 've had to switch batteries multiple times in a single session before .2 . Ridiculous Software . Comes with software that will kick you out of certain games to tell you your battery life is running low ... On a gaming mouse ??? Really ??? There 's a battery life indicator right on the damn thing , i dont need to have my applications minimized for that `` warning '' thank you very much . Absolutely brain dead by Logitech for a GAMING mouse .3 . The Famous G7 Just Stops Working Problem . Yes it is true , thus mouse will just randomly stop working , yes it 's supposed to be a gaming mouse , one that will just stop working out of nowhere , requiring you to physically unplug it 's transmitter thing wait for a few seconds then plug it back in again ... remember folks this is a GAMING MOUSE .4 . Finicky about certain surfaces .5 . Ridiculously expensive . I guess they had to cover the cost of all those returns somehow.I 've had this mouse for about 2 years or so now , I will not recommend it to anyone , unless I strongly disliked that person . Stay away and get a FUNCTIONAL gaming mouse instead .
 Mouse worked great for 1 month . Then would freeze for 5-20 seconds . Logitec said it was magnetic or wifi disruption dropping the signal . I turned off my wifi and cordless phone with no luck . Please do your research on any tech site . Same problem abounds more times than not . If this issue was fixed I would give it 4 stars , now its an expensive paperweight .
 Ugh . I read all the reviews but decided to buy it anyway . I am building a new gaming machine and wanted a wireless laser mouse to replace my aging Microsoft IntelliMouse Explorer 3.0 . First off , the mouse is a bit expensive . Amazon did have the best price around . Second it lacks a second thumb button . It also feels like a bowling ball and my hand became clamy . Finally the scroll wheel is huge and hard to click . I use the scroll wheel button a lot in Firefox . I 've never used a Logitech mouse and thought this one would be it . But no . I really did n't want a Microsoft mouse as I have issued with the company . I use a Kensington Bluetooth mouse on my Power Mac G5 and it works fair at best.Anyway after using the Logitech for all of 10 minutes on Christmas morning , I packed it back up and printed off an Amazon return label . I returned to my local retailer on the 26th to try the mice again and just ordered the Microsoft wireless laser 6000 . Again Amazon had the best price by far . I know I know ... Microsoft .
 If you on your computer all the time , . . then you have to swap out the rechargeable battery at least once a day . Waste a lot of time , . . I swich back to my original Microsoft mouse and that used 2 AA batteries and it last more then one month.Don ' t buy , you will get tried of changing battery everyday !! TRUST ME , . . YOU WILL GET TRIED OF PRESSING THE BATTERY RELEASE BUTTON ON THE CHARGER BASE , . . AND IT GET STUCK HALF THE TIME.AND THIS LASER MOUSE WORK JUST LIKE ANY OPTICAL ONE , . . DO N'T THINK IF YOU GETTING A LASER IS BETTER , . . ITS SURE NOT , . . I CA N'T TELL THE DIFFERENT.FINAL NOTE , . . BATTERY LIFE STINK , , , LASER IS NO BETTER THEN OPTICAL
 Great for the first few weeks , but it just shuts itself down after a while . Tried everything in the book . I 'm pretty sure it was the receiver that got too hot . Not very reliable at all .
 I 'm very disappointed with this product . I got it because my OTHER logitech mouse failed on me after less than 6 months of having it . The battery life is less than half of what the box falsely claims , and it becomes a harsh task to have to change it every other hour -LRB- YES I do turn the mouse off when I do n't use it for several hours -RRB- . It is too light and has an awkward feel to me . I had no problems until the first time it just stopped working for upwards of 10 to 15 seconds . I got this to play games , and to be playing away and your mouse to RANDOMLY disconnect and have zero response for several , seemingly long moments , it gets extremely annoying and product-ruining . I ca n't express how angry I am with this product , and it 's the reassuring reason I 'll never buy a wireless Logitech product again . I must have gotten two bad apples since the wireless Logitech mouse this one -LRB- failed to -RRB- replace also gave me bad issues.PROS : Handy battery gauge on the mouse , and easy to turn up and down sensitivity with the buttons.CONS : Very bad battery life.Disconnects VERY frequently , in which the mouse has zero response , happens every 3 minutes or so -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating at all -RRB- . I did look at the troubleshooting info and followed the instructions -- nothing worked . I always had the receiver less than 2 feet from the mouse , it still disconnected frequently.This is a bad product , I would recommend someone to incinerate this horrible product .
 Do not buy if you have other wireless or cordless items . The mouse stops working because of interference and the battery life sucks . It can really get frustrating during the middle of a important situation and your battery dies/loses connection .
 this is the worst POS I 've ever bought . It stops working randomly and might work for awhile , then the damn thing stops responding again . Over and over and over . I finally threw it at the floor as hard as I could . I feel better and I even think the mouse might work better ... if I glued it back together . Spare yourself and DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP.It 's so bad , I 've gone back to a wired mouse ... yes it was that bad .
 The batteries were completely over looked by Logitech . The mouse might function well but I can not get the batteries to last more then a day . I will not buy another G7 .
 Awesome mouse . Use it with my laptop to both work and play a couple of MRPG 's . However , during one of my extensive travels , I lost one of the batteries . When I called Logitech 's store to buy a replacement battery , the rep said I had to call the tech support , since they have to be processed as warranty replacements . Upon calling the tech support I was unpleasantly surprised that there is no way to obtain a replacement battery anymore . I was offered a new mouse at half of MSRP price , but declined the offer . So while the product itself is great , the battery life is fantastic -LRB- for a rechargable battery -RRB- , the support side ... well , sux !
 I bought this controller because it was on sale for $ 45.00 and for THAT price it is an acceptable mouse . It is comfortable and does what I as a web surfer need for it to do . HOWEVER the freaking battery issue is B.S. Changing the battery at least once a day is pain especially if the dead battery does n't get placed back in the charger correctly and leaves you hanging when it is needed . I saw all the complaints about this before I bought this mouse and thought to myself that changing the battery often would be no big deal . I 'm here to tell you - IT GETS OLD IN A HURRY . Bottom line is LogiTech is capable of much better products than this and you would be better off avoiding this mouse at any price .
 I used to be an avid Logitech fan , but my issues with this mouse has created a good deal of skepticism.To its credit , the G7 is a wonderful mouse , when its actually working . I picked it up for less that I got my MX700 a couple years back . The mouse itself as well as its lithium ion battery are remarkably lighter than the MX700 with its 2 AA 's . I can easily use this without causing myself the strain of the MX700 . The weight difference does n't seem much , but it adds up , believe me . Second , the mouse precision performs quite well , and the ability to switch DPI comes in handy . Do an internet search on the mouse if you 're more interested how this plays a role in gaming.Now , my problem arises with the mouse in its relatively frequent loss of signal . I say `` relatively frequent '' because it works probably 90 % of the time . But my MX700 did n't let me down even once in this area . Also , the 10 % of the time that it 's not working can be incredibly frustrating . Logitech sells it as a gaming mouse , but playing an FPS or even RTS where your mouse cuts out every so often is a major disadvantage.My biggest gripe is the lack of concern showed by logitech . I 've gone to their support site , filled out the issue and support request , waited , and got nothing . After waiting a couple weeks , I filled out another request , then another . I 've come to the conclusion that the support site is simply there for the purpose of getting some sadistic jollies off of providing users a false hope . Very disappointing.I have n't been more aggressive in pursuing the issue , myself , because I 've been using it with my laptop , and mostly for work . It works well enough for typical application usage , and when it inevitably goes out , I just use my touchpad until it starts working again .
 I bought this Laser mouse because I wanted to try and go the wireless mouse rout , what a big mistake , the mouse either -LRB- in a program -RRB- moves real fast or it moves real slow and the control buttons on the mouse are limited as to mouse speed , and the rechargeable batteries do n't retain there charge very long about a day and a half and the recharge bay only works when the computer is on . I am going to wait a long time before I revisit the idea of a cordless mouse . Do your self a favor and stay with a corded mouse .
 I have used Logitech Mice in the past and did n't really care for them . They did n't seem to have the right feel . Microsoft Mice , on the other hand , always felt smooth and comfortable.When I decided to buy a cordless mouse , I bought one from MS. It was great for two or three months , then it died . I returned it for a replacement and it too died after two or three months . So , I decided to give Logitech another chance.I bought this mouse a little over a year ago . Like MS mice , I found this mouse to be comfortable . Unfortunately , the battery only lasts a day or so . After that , you get endless pop up messages on your screen telling you to replace it . If you wait too long , it dies . -LRB- Which happened to me at least once while playing a game full screen - the pop ups did not show up then . -RRB- The only good thing about this is that it comes with two rechargeable batteries and a charger . So , you should always have a freshly charged battery on hand . My MS mouse used regular store bought batteries and they were supposed to last for six months.Personally , I 'm getting sick of the daily battery replacement swap . I think I might buy another MS mouse . Even if I have to get a new mouse every few months , I think I 'd prefer that . So , I vote thumbs down for this mouse .
 This is a great mouse when you first get it . Lightweight , super precise , customizable buttons , egronomic , good looking . But when used regularly for long periods , battery life suddenly goes into the toilet . That is , you end up swapping batts seriously every 10-20 minutes . This started after about 6 months . Super disappointing . Went back to the trusty MX700 . G7 is now collecting dust , both batteries dead . Along with my heart .
 I have been using a Microsoft mouse , that used standard AA batteries for years . I got sick of having to hunt down new batteries 2-3 times a YEAR . I purchased this mouse because of its rechargeable battery . However , I am very disappointed with its battery life . I have had the mouse for few months now , the first month , I had to swap the battery ONCE A DAY , annoying , but not too bad , I would have assumed that a Li-Ion battery would last longer than AA batteries , I cant believe it has to be swapped DAILY . The biggest problem is that every time you recharge a battery , it reduces its life , I knew this from the beginning and expected the batteries to last at least a year or two , however I am already am finding that I am swapping the batteries about twice a day . At this rate , I will probably be swapping the batteries hourly by the end of the year . I highly recommend going for a mouse that uses standard batteries .
 This was undoubtedly the worst money I 've ever spent on any mouse . While the mouse started out performing decently , it quickly degenerate into disconnects and cursor locks ever 4 to 5 minutes . Effectively rendering the device useless for any game or professional application . The quality of the mouse was abysmal , the support from Logitech abysmal , and worse , after looking around , I found that regular disconnects are not at all uncommon for this mouse . I strongly recommend that anyone who is looking to purchase a mouse simply look elsewhere . The G7 is a poorly made product that guarantees little more than frustration and frequent interruptions .
 I have had this mouse about 3 months now . The mouse feels good to the touch and the adjustable settings are very nice . However , this is not one of the better mice that Logitech has come up with in my opinion . You only get about one full day on a charge with each battery . Yes I know that it comes with two batteries but if you use the normal charge setting you are looking at about 10 to 12 hours to get a full charge on each battery . Thus you will be leaving your computer on full time to always have a fully charged battery if you do not have a powered USB hub . The mouse is very light compared to the Logitech G5 . I personally like a heavy mouse and this one is very light compared to the G5 with the weights that come with the G5 mouse . I have been to the Logitech site and there seems to be a problem with getting replacement batteries for this mouse . I must admit that I personally have not tried to get replacements for this battery . I think my biggest disappointment has been that I was hoping that this mouse was going to be the wireless equivalent of the G5 ; the two mice have a very different feel to them . If you are a light computer user this mouse might fit the bill for you . If you are a heavy computer user or a gamer there are much better mice out there to be had by Logitech .
 I bought this mouse and used it for about a month . Then whenever I started up my computer , the cursor would not move ... Cheaply made.I 'd recommend the new wireless MX -LRB- if you do n't mind paying a little extra -RRB-
 The only complaint I have is that you are constantly changing batteries . Every two days . I can not see the advantage over this mouse and an equivalent that takes AA batteries and lasts 9mo to a year . If someone can make a mouse run on two AA batteries for 9mo to a year , why do I have to swap and constantly charge batteries every two days ??? This is the last mouse I buy that touts swappable battery packs . I thought the idea of a rechargeable battery was great till day two happened , followed by day 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , ... you get the idea .
 Do not buy this mouse . You do not know me personally , you are just going to have to trust me . Ignore any review that has more than one star.The sad part about this mouse is how great it could be . The multiple tracking speeds are wonderful , really good ergonomics , and plenty of quick button options that are very easy to set up . Unfortunately , all of these great features are for naught because this mouse freezes up constantly . I do n't know if constantly is a good enough word but it is all i have for now . Some days are better than others , but at the worst it can freeze up every minute or two . After doing some research , I found I was not the only one with this problem -LRB- Google Logitech G7 freezing -RRB- . Here is my favorite part of this mouse . In the instructional FAQ 's it says to keep the receiver away from electronic devices . Like a computer ? I do n't get it , especially since the cord is only about 3 feet long . I would call and ask for a new one , but then I would have two crappy mouses on my hands . There are tons of other options out there , choose one of them.One more thing , the mouse froze TWICE when I scrolled down to submit this review . It 's like it knows ...
 Same problem here . The mouse stop working after some months and Logitech support is useless.It was great while it worked though , maybe the best i tried after the apple trackpad.I 've tried all kind of things to make it work again but i could n't ; now i 'm considering buying a new set of batteries ... . who knows .
 I 'm now in the process of replacing my 2nd G7 mouse . I purchased my first about two years ago and it worked fine for the first 11 months when it developed the `` double-click '' problem . This is where a single left mouse click actually sends a double click to your computer . From reading online , it 's a mechanical issue with the left click switch . Also from my research it appears this is a common problem with the G7s , though I 've seen it happen in other Logitech mice as well.It was still within 12 months of purchase and the RMA went very smoothly , I was extremely impressed . They shipped me a replacement with almost no questions asked . Unfortunately 14 months later , I 'm in the exact same situation as before . Left mouse button is sending double clicks . I have yet to hear back from Logitech if I 'm able to get this one replaced too , but it 's highly doubtful . Do n't waste your money on a mouse that will last 1 year.On a lighter note though , this is by far the best feel of a mouse I have ever owned . I love the size and contours . There are a few extra buttons that , if you begin using them , are very handy . There are also not so many extra buttons you click them by accident . I 'm also a big fan of the rechargeable battery system , very nice . In the beginning you 'll see about 2-3 day battery life with moderate use . A year later I 'm averaging about 1-1 .5 . I do n't really mind though , it takes about 5s to swap them out and with setpoint installed you can have it alert you when the battery is low.All-in-all , I honestly think this is one of the best mice I 've ever used . Unfortunately it seems like the mechanical design/parts are sub-par making it a very short-lived purchase .
 The lazer went out within three weeks after purchasing the G7 but Logitech stood behind it and sent a G700 which is a much better wireless mouse as a replacement . WOOT ! for Logitech and their customer support . I 'm still a Logitech customer and fan .
 I agree with positive reviewers concerning the excellent precision and smooth performance of the G7 , but if you spend a decent amount of time on the computer daily you will hate this mouse and Logitech . What will happen is that you will quickly tire of having to swap to the spare battery every day or every other day . What 's worse is that you will soon realize that the G7 's batteries are propriety and there 's nothing you can do about it -LRB- i.e. buying more powerful batteries -RRB- short of returning the mouse . How Logitech can sell a premium mouse with no battery life is beyond me . I guess that 's why they give you the spare battery that is always charged . That , however , is just a band aid covering a power hungry design that is a great annoyance .
 My Logitech cordless laser mouse has been nothing but trouble . I first tried useing it for drawing and found it would n't track straight -LRB- waved up and down -RRB- . I was able to improve response by using a grided pad . When I emailed Logitech about the problem , I never got an answer . Shortly after , it started cutting out , like a worn out ball mouse . By changing desktop surfaces , it seems to get better for a short time , but then craps out again . I have changed batteries several times , put the receiver in different USB plugs , cleaned it , and nothing works . Clearly , some people have had better luck , but you might get unlucky like me . I would spend my money on something more dependable .
 I was really excited to get this mouse after reading some of the reviews . For the first couple of weeks it worked great ... now all of a sudden the mouse stops working at random ... sometimes upwards of 5-10 seconds.I have my mouse about 4ft from my wireless router , and only about 5 inches from the charging station ... so any interference should be very minimal and I do n't think that is the problem.Quite a few other people have had this problem as well -LRB- check the forums on the Logitech website -RRB- ... and some have had to send back their mouse 3 TIMES before they got one that actually worked properly . If you are using this mouse for a lot of gaming like myself ... get ready from some potential aggravation.This really seems to be a hardware issue that is still yet to be addressed . If I could do it all over again , I would get a different mouse , from a different company .
 This game is very difficult -LRB- even the easy level . -RRB- It has a lot of bugs . Clicking Help on the main screen freezes my computer . The objects are difficult to manipulate when they overlap anything . Everything has to be in perfect alignment for the puzzle to be solved , which is very difficult to do . I am returning it to Sierra for a refund .
 This game is reminiscent like `` stronghold crusader extreme '' on many levels ; both reduce audio quality , add virtually nothing , and were a money gag.Even more contraptions added puzzles that were boring and unintuitive -LRB- not to mention weird -RRB- . I was expecting something really fun , but , Sierra just wanted to squeeze the juice out of contraptions before it went into the oblivion.Buy `` return of the incredible machine contraptions '' instead , that is a game worthy of praise . Higher quality music , awesome puzzles , and simply a classic by Jeff Tunnell .
 Works great on a PC but you are out of luck if you have a Mac . Too bad as this is a game that I will miss now that I have a Mac .
 In theory , combining Capcom 's and SNK 's characters into one fighting game would be an awesome idea . Both companies are held in high regard when it comes to the fighting genre , but Capcom Vs. SNK suffers from too many gameplay and animation problems . First off , the gameplay favors SNK heavily . Capcom 's characters are watered down to only 4 attack buttons because of this , and that alone is enough to disappoint me . The SNK characters remain intact for the most part though , save for a few missing special moves . Plus , the whole `` ratio '' thing -LRB- being able to choose how many characters you can play as based on their rank -RRB- is just a confusing mess . The animation is also cut tremendously , and the whole game is set at a low resolution so that each character looks pixelated . I believe the bottom line is that if you are a devoted Capcom fan , you will most likely be let down by Capcom Vs. SNK . If you like the SNK games however , such as King Of Fighters and Fatal Fury , you may want to check this game out .
 For 2D fighting fans , the merging of Capcom and SNK in a game is probably one of the most highly anticipated events to come across during the genre 's 9 or so year lifespan . After SNK 's amazing SNK vs. Capcom
 BEWARE game does not run properly on anything newer than Win XP pre service pack 2 . Most of the patches do not really fix the problems . Second Win 95 through ME are no longer supported or sold by Microsoft so drivers are impossible . Square Enix -LRB- Squaresoft -RRB- no longer support these games and will not help you neither will EA or Edios . I have tried to get this game running for 6 weeks and still no luck and none of the companies above will return my call . This game should be taken off the market and companies selling it should be sued under the lemon law as they all know this game is no longer supported and will not work with about 98 % of the computers out there . By the way do n't fall for running it on a virtual Machine . I have tried them all with the same out come . They dont have directdraw support or there are sound issues that are not repairable or any number of other issues .
 I saw Advent Children and immediately fell in love with it . I wanted to play Final Fantasy VII , but at the time did n't have a PS1 or PS2 . So I bought the PC version as a quick and relatively cheap alternative , and now I kind of regret it.First off , it does NOT run right on windows xp . It is EXTREMELY buggy on my xp machine . There are patches out there to fix the bugs , but having to install patches makes the game no fun . The bugs detract from this amazing game.The game itself is great and all there , and I love it to death . But the version is terrible . I have fun playing it when it 's not acting up , but when it does , I 'm ready to throw it out the window . The music sounds awful on my computer speakers -LRB- so laptop users beware -RRB- . And the controls are a nightmare . I installed the game on my laptop before I realized that all of the controls are on the number pad , which a laptop of course does not have . So I had to spend another $ 16 on a USB keyboard . That allowed me to control the character , but the controls are still a real pain and hard to master . Half of the time I have to press two buttons at the same time -LRB- I wish I had a joystick -RRB- , and going up a ladder is challenging . The controls alone turned my friend off to this version.This game is DEFINITELY NOT worth $ 140 ! I bought it for $ 50 , and it was n't worth that ! Installation was kind of a pain -LRB- I had to get my computer-savvy friend to help me -RRB- , and overall , it is a real disappointment . Now that I have a PS2 , I am going to fork out the money and buy the PS1 version -LRB- used -RRB- , and I would advise everyone to do the same . Unless you have a spare Windows 95 machine kicking around , this game is too buggy to be worth the money -LRB- especially since I 've heard that some of the bugs and glitches later on prohibit game play -RRB- . I hate to buy this game twice , especially since it 's so much money . But I 'd rather buy the PS1 version than stick through this buggy mess .
 At first this game player seems great , until you find out that it will NOT let you use continues on any of the games !!! That 's right , you will rarely see past the 1st level of any game . It makes a decent paper-weight ...
 This controller is awesome for any shooting/casting games that have the repetitive pressing of a certain button . Being able to hold down on the desired button helps to reduce stress to the controller . Even though it seems like a lazy man 's controller , it helps you shoot a lil faster in games . We 've had ours for almost 6 months and some of the buttons are starting to stick , the speed `` a '' button application was always a hit or miss . So for the price , not too happy with the controller and it 's longevity .
 If you plan on playing shooter games , THIS IS NOT THE CONTROLLER FOR YOU!You can only program A , B , X , Y with turbo . 13ps and 26ps speeds . NO TRIGGERS have turbo features . Each button can be given its own speed , but that 's it , triggers are normal finger speed . Personally unsatisfied with that aspect .
 I enjoy fighting games from time to time , but I 'm not serious enough to feel that I needed an arcade stick . I bought this instead because I heard that it was apparently so good for fighting games . Well ... it is n't much better than the stock 360 pad . It might even be slightly worse.Lets just go ahead and begin tallying the negatives.-First , the d-pad may feel better at first for 2D fighting games , but if you 're into 3D fighting games you 'll quickly notice that the controller sometimes has trouble telling from down and down-forward . This can be extremely frustrating for games like Virtua Fighter where some moves require you to press down-forward twice.-Next , you 'll notice right away how crappy the shoulder buttons and triggers are . For some reason Hori decided that making the triggers smaller and harder to reach would be a good thing . I 'm not sure if its just mine , but the right trigger has a very slight delay which can screw up various moves in games and makes the controller completely useless for first person shooters.-Ah , first person shooters . Do n't bother with this controller . The 360 's stock controller is absolutely perfect for first and third person shooters . You 'll notice quickly that the analog sticks on Hori 's gamepad are extremely loose . I 'm talking looser than the PS3 's analog sticks . Yeah....-Its wired . If you 're reading this review you probably already know this . If this controller performed up to par , I 'd say this is a non-issue . - Its extremely hard to find and expensive.-And last , if you have small hands you may find the ergonomics of this controller to be uncomfortable . It is a little bit bulkier than the 360 's stock pad.It is n't all terrible news , though , as there are a few positives . It has turbo functions for the face buttons . -LRB- not the shoulder buttons or triggers -RRB- It also looks very nice and the face buttons have a nice feel to them.I 've wanted this controller for a long time and now that I 've finally got one , I am extremely disappointed . The only games I would recommend this controller for are 2D fighters and some arcade games . If you considered this controller because you thought it 'd be better for 3D fighters , forget it . Consider an arcade stick if you have the money or just tough it out with the 360 's craptacular d-pad .
 The place I ordered from was prompt in delivery . Immediately after starting to use it the A button is sticking . When the buttons stick they are not responsive and then cause the button to be pressed when it was not intended to . The buttons are cheap and will stop being useable after weeks to a month just like on the newest version of this controller -LRB- which I have 2 of -RRB- . In my case the controller is unuseable right out of the box , the buttons where sticking the 1st hour of use . This makes the 3rd HORI PAD I have ordered , all from separate places , faulty out of the box .
 This controller is way over rated . It does n't work on most games . When you do set the buttons for the turbo boost , your character or weapon is uncontrolable . Sorry I bought it and would n't reccommend it to anyone .
 This controller does not work any better then the standard controller that comes with the system . The only real use you could find is that it has turbo buttons .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my brother-in-law who is a huge Halo gamer . I thought that with the various turbo functions it would give him some extra advantages with on-line play . I was wrong . The controls had horrible response time and some of the buttons would actually stick . I would recommend buying this item only if you want an incredible challenge or to give as a gift to someone you want to beat at gaming . By the way , I ended up buying my brother-in-law another Christmas present because I felt so bad for giving him this controller as a gift .
 This game might be a bit better if it were a bit more challenging . There are 4 levels , slightly getting harder , but I think they 're almost the same level of difficulty . You have to dodge different things such as frisbees and beach balls , and when you complete the level you have to go off to the dance rehearsal studio to learn a few dance moves . I do n't really like them myself , although the box boasts
 This game could be a little more harder . Come on , you walk through 4 levels , avoiding people , beach balls , birds , frisbees , while going to rearsals learning cheesy danse moves -LRB- they do n't change -RRB- . To go to the big show , and do the crappy moves . What is worse is you have to have 5000 points and beat the last level peffect to win -LRB- the dance -RRB- . It 's too easy , my sister is alot more younger than me and she could beat this . If you want to waste time get this . Peace
 After two weeks the first spring broke ; a day later the second ; repaired with rubber bands as item has no warranty ; band repair lasted two months with many band replacements ; then the plastic started breaking and now has completely failed and no other repairs are possible - only two months use with us as the repair authority -LRB- replacing the springs would have cost several times the unit for S & H -RRB- . Would have purchased a different one if I had known it was so incredibly wear inferior to minimal play use .
 Tales of Symphonia was by far the best in the franchise at its time . Sadly , Tales of Legendia is an unexpected dissapointment to the series that will be remembered by the time spent playing it and wishing otherwise.Legendia has no saving grace with its story plot , which seemed to get sappier and stretched too thin before reaching the finale . The character development is awkard in approach , as the majority of the cast 's focus takes place after the initial game 's plot -LRB- which is after shortly arriving to the halfway mark -RRB- . The combat system takes a step back from its free-roaming predecisor for a 2D plane with poor enemy design and some minor issues that will leave as much to be desired as trying to make use of the main character 's grapple move.A fair rental for the RPG enthusiest or casual lot , but unless found in a $ 9.99-or-less bargain bin your hard-earned money is better spent elsewhere . If anything , skip this one and go for `` Tales of the Abyss '' .
 I snapped this title up as quickly as possible , having loved Tales of Symphonia to death . I was extremely excited to play , as it seemed to have all of TOS 's gameplay mechanics with a new story and characters.Well , call me disappointed to say the least . Sure , all the ingredients are here for a great RPG , but the chef has left the building . TOS 's unique , charming characters and dialogue have been replaced by bland sterotypes and endless conversations that I could have predicted after the first sentence . Here 's a hint , Namco
 I do n't like RPG 's where you only control one character in the party , and the computer controls everyone else . I want to be able to control every action ; that 's how I prefer to play RPG 's . Therefore , I did not like this game , despite the good setting -LRB- though the story was generic , the ~ 10 hours I played through -RRB- . I 'm sure other reviews cover the positives , but this negative was enough that I stopped after -LSB- constantly -RSB- replaying content because the AI was another hostile enemy . This may give the impression the game is hard , but it is n't . I could see how to beat every battle , if only the AI would cooperate . It would not combo with me , and it would not heal me . I was not interested in repeatedly grinding so my main character could one-shot everything , not with * that * combat system . YMMV .
 All right . Now I consider myself a seasoned fanatic of the Tales series . Once I got hold of a PS2 , I went and bought Tales of the Abyss and Legendia . Played Abyss first and was completely blown away by it 's amazing graphics , free-range battle system , and the characters are memorable . So , after I finished Abyss , I fired up Legendia , expecting another great Tales game.I think I only played Legendia for half an hour and never touched it again.To cut to the chase , this game was nothing like Abyss . In fact , it was a serious downgrade.Let 's see what went wrong.Battles - 0/10I 'm sorry , but no . A 2D plane with no free range is a definite No in my world , not after playing Abyss . Even Symphonia , my first Tales game , had a much better battle system.Legendia 's battle system is so horrific in play and to watch . I could n't tell you how many times I lost sight of my main character cause the graphics would blend together . And the random encounters instead of actually seeing the enemy was unbearable.The only saving grace here is the controls were responsive.Story - UnknownI did n't get far at all with the story . So I will not rate this section harshly.However , from the half hour I completed , I kinda felt I was playing a Mario game . Senel -LRB- the main male -RRB- has to go save Shirley -LRB- the girl -RRB- . She 's locked away in a tower and guarded by some country hick -LRB- Moses -RRB- . And I love Mario games , but Legendia is an RPG , not a platformer.Characters - 2/10This category gets 2 stars cause I loled at Norma 's crazy personality and Chloe 's badassness.Senel 's kind of a dick . Shirley made me want to murder my PS2 cause she 's so disgustingly sweet . Will is neutral for me . Jay 's a guy ? I could n't tell ; he 's so creepy looking . Grune , no idea , never met her . And Moses ? Well , let 's just say I torture him in all of my personal writings cause he 's so annoying with that southern accent.But the worst to come?Music - 2/10Saving grace here is the wonderful background music in towns/dungeons/map / etc. . But even then , I did n't get far so I ca n't say much for it.So during my half hour playtime , I came across a musical number that made me cry . Not in a good way , mind you.More like , `` What the hell am I playing ? A video game or High School Musical ? `` Okay , maybe it 's not that bad , but for some reason the developers wanted 4 musical numbers that have NOTHING to do with the story or game in general.And an excuse to parody Elvis.The reason I know there are 4 is cause I 'm a Youtube junkie . Watch at your own risk.Graphics - It 's okay.I 'm not a graphics kind of person , but the anime scenes are nice . The character models on the map and such ... they remind you of Wii 's create-your-own Mii.So where does this leave us?Well , I must say , Legendia had potential ... had it been in the right hands.Legendia is the black sheep , considering it was n't actually done by the actual Tales studio . A different internal team of Namco did it.And while Legendia has a small following , you can not deny that this game is just a poor addition to the mothership titles of the series.It 's not a bad game , as it does hold some quality for an RPG , especially the music.But it certainly holds no candles against the other Tales games -LRB- minus Tempest -RRB- . I highly recommend avoiding this game if you 've played Symphonia , Abyss and any of the later games . You will be disappointed like I was , and it 's just not worth your time . But hopefully this review has been !
 Legendia is certainly not a AAA title , as it seems to define the word generic.Graphics - 7/10The graphics are n't bad and use the SD model which makes them look like the old Tales characters . The backgrounds are bright , and the charcter drawings are decent . No widescreen , no prog scan.Sound - 5/10The voice acting is reasnoble although some characters seem forced and Celia in particular has the typical high-pitched voice so favoured when voicing the typically weak damsel in distress . There is also an echo when characters talk , as it seemed to be recorded badly . Overall music is OK but nothing memorable.Gameplay - 5/10The game consists of wandering around a world map , and going from one location to the next with some collecting of items and incidental dialogue . The battles are on a 2d plane much like an old fighting game , they are decent if limited but never dull . The enemy variety is not great though , as you will see the same enemies over and over agains for long sectons . There are a decent number of sidequests to complete so it does have some longevity . However nothing really stands out.Overall - 5/10Not really bad , but lacking any real spark of creativity , this is light years away from FF , DQ , Shadow hearts etc
 The Tales of series is as boring and as generic a JRPG can be . There are better series that are more worthy of your time and money .
 I purchased Tales of Legendia because I am a MAJOR fan of Tales of Symphonia , but I was really disappointed with this Tales game.Characters
 Argh ... I had such high hopes . I 'm trying not to judge this game based on Tales of Symphonia , but , considering that Symphonia is one of the the industry standards for a `` cute '' RPG , it 's kind of hard . -LRB- Legendia is also a pretty clear Symphonia wannabe , which was irritating and poorly planned , since it makes the game look even worse by comparison . -RRB- A good RPG should have a few basic elements
 When you first get this game , it wo n't seem bad at all ! The corses may be long , but they include many cool challenges that are fun , creative , and tricky at the same time ! It also has a multiplayor mode so you can challenge your friends ! So why did I rate this game only two stars ? Well , mostly because of it 's size . This game comes with only six worlds ! When you compare this to other games that came out around the same time , like Super Mario 64 or Banjo-Kazooie , having only six worlds is pitiful ! As if this is n't bad enough , you are unable to save during these incredibly long worlds ! Some parts of these worlds are very frusturating and hard to beat , and when you finally do beat them , there is no way you are going to want to stop until you win , which could be hours ! If you can find this game for a cheap price , you should get it ! But I 'm warning you , it is not at all worth what it usually costs !
 This game is the perfect example of uninspired , `` me-too '' game design in the mid-nineties
 this game is just as bad as mario paint only with new features.their only using `` looney tunes '' to sell the game .
 I 'm actually having a really difficult time trying to review this game . I 'm really torn between extremely disliking this game and appreciating it for its mediocre attempt at being a knock-off Street Fighter and the fact that it makes me laugh every time I play it . I 'm a fan of `` B-Rate '' movies and games and this game is a classic example of a `` B-Rate '' game.First off , every character in this game is almost a direct rip-off of a character from Street Fighter . There are two characters in World Heroes , Hanzo and Fuuma , who are exact copies of Ruy and Ken from Street Fighter . Not only moves wise , but appearance as well . Allow me to compare/contrast here for a minute.Ryu has a white karate outfit and dark brown hair . His special attacks are the fireball , hurricane kick -LRB- his just knocks an enemy down -RRB- , and the dragon uppercut . Ken has a red karate outfit and blonde hair . His special attacks are the fireball , hurricane kick -LRB- his repeatedly hits the opponent -RRB- , and the dragon uppercut . Looking to World Heroes ; Hanzo has a blue ninja outfit and dark brown hair . His special attacks are a laser shuriken , hurricane whatever -LRB- he spins around in circles off the ground flying toward the opponent and upon contact the opponent gets knocked down -RRB- , and a dragon uppercut but uses his knife instead . Fuuma has a red ninja outfit and red hair . His special attacks are a laser shuriken , hurricane whatever -LRB- he spins around in circles off the ground flying toward the opponent but he repeatedly hits the opponent instead of knocking them down -RRB- , and a dragon uppercut and uses his knife as well . The only real difference between the four is that Ryu and Ken talk normally while Hanzo and Fuuma are like modern day ninjas who speak like they 're from the dark ages saying things like `` Thou hast been vanquished ! '' followed by `` Now make like a bonsai and leave ! `` This game even borrowed something from Mortal Kombat as well ! Remember Shang Tsung ? He was the evil sorcerer who had the ability to morph into other fighters in the tournament . He was also the main bad guy in the very first Mortal Kombat game . The main bad guy in World Heroes is a guy named Geegus -LRB- I pronounce it jee-gus -RRB- who is going to take over the world if you do n't defeat him in battle . Oddly enough , Geegus has the ability to morph into any fighter in the game just like Shang Tsung did in Mortal Kombat . Geegus certainly does n't resemble Shang Tsung however . He looks like the Terminator but with a solid silver exterior . This game just does n't end with borrowing things from everything , games and movies included!The story line for this game is ... well ... almost non existent . Basically it starts off where you see some scientist guy telling you that he wants you to use the time machine to travel all over the world and fight great fighters and that he 's praying for a healthy battle . That 's odd because you 'd think they 'd just want to save the trouble of building a time machine and just take a plane . It just does n't make any sense . It does n't even matter anyway because that 's the last time you see that guy until the last battle with Geegus . After a while it just seems like you 're mindlessly going all over the world and beating the snot out of random people . They did n't sign up for a tournament and neither did you . The only thing you know is that the scientist is praying for a healthy battle . It 's really just cooky all around.The weirdness does n't end there either . Most fighting games offer a small bonus stage after four or five consecutive fights to give the player a chance to get some extra points . World Heroes does this in the form of a timed rock-chiseling challenge . Basically it 's you versus the rock and you just have to beat the rock down within the time limit . Once you start noticing what you 're forming out of this rock you start to wonder
 I played this game for a little when I was younger it was an alright game . 2 stars .
 Art of Fighting is the game that gave us some of the best characters from the SNK brand however ... this translation of the Arcade hit proved to be somewhat boring . It was a rarity but for those of you that remember this game in the arcade , there was in between fight cinematics in it . That and another thing that held this game back was that the story mode was long , boring , too vast and all out not the best because you could only be Ryo or Robert . And I 'm not sure if anyone else noticed but the two pretty much fight the exact same way so , in reality you only got one character.I will admit that this game is a classic . You ca n't take that away from this game . But this is one of the far and few times where the sequels released after it 's original , were just better . Art of Fighting 2 -LRB- which never made it past the NEO GEO system , is impossible to find and probably never will find it -RRB- gave you more options , better gameplay and more challenge.If you get this game , I would suggest bargaining for it because if you really wanted to collect or get anything from the SNK family 's early gaming outings , I would choose the Fatal Fury series over Art of Fighting any day .
 10 characters to choose from it also has a story mode , but it is pretty boring .
 I received this as a gift . I 'm glad someone else spent their money on it . The game is hard to understand and even worse to try and follow . The graphics and sound are fair , but not what I had expected . Fair warring to all ... if you want throw away -LSB- money -RSB- find a trash can and save your self the trouble .
 This game could have been a winner if it was n't for all the micro managing involved , I guess I 'm getting too old and have little patience with games that require a PhD in Military tactics before you can enjoy it .
 This game is overrated by the few who play it . If you want a more fun game check out the panzer campaigns or the moderncampaigns by hps simluations.The Operational Art of War has a terrible interface , terrible game play , even worse support.If you have XP dont waste your time or money . Incompatible .
 Possibly one of the worst games I have ever played . I 'm a fan of Starcraft , Warcraft II , C&C and Imperialism , and this game was sorley dissapointing . Possibly i 'm craving the building and the real-time from Blizzard .
 A JUMPS AND B ATTACKS ? THAT MIGHT WORK ON THE NES , BUT NOT ON THE SNES . ON THE SNES IN MOST PLATFORMERS , B JUMPS AND Y ATTACKS . FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS STANDARD PRETTY MUCH DESTROYED THIS GAME . THERE 'S NOT EVEN A CONFIGURATION MODE TO FIX THE CONTROL PROBLEM . ALSO , GRAPHICS ARE UNIMPROVED OVER THE NES ! WHY !? The game 's not all bad though . Passwords allow you to continue from the level you left off on , which is a major convenience . Because of that alone getting this is better than getting the NES titles separately .
 This is close to being as deplorable a game as I have ever seen.A true abomination of a software .
 Back in the day this game was considered pretty good , but even back then I thought it was alright and now I think it is almost on the verge of being bad . not a horrible game , but a 2 star at best . do n't waste your money just get the new Madden 11 .
 this was an ok game back in the day , but I can not recommend it . 1 star .
 Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen are definitely on this game , but are are on the injured list so you ca n't play with them . So in essence , they might as well not be on the game . Overall , this game was ok . NBA Showdown , NBA Jam , and the NBA Live Series of games were much better .
 Write your review here -LRB- required -RRB- Consider : Why did you choose this rating?What did you like or dislike?Who would you recommend this product to ?
 This game reminds me of one of those lousy low budget b-movies , where the cast is unknown and the acting is hideous.But although it 's a train wreck , you just ca n't help but laugh at the whole mess.That describes Raw Danger perfectly.Everything about this game sucks.Bad graphics , bad gameplay , bad voice acting , just BAD BAD BAD ! Buy it to laugh at ... And nothing more .
 If Ed Wood made a video game , it 'd probably end up like Raw Danger.Everything about this game is bad , often times in very funny ways . Like how the bland voice actors refuse to say your characters name , or how every one looks Japanese , yet is usually blonde . The dialogue is also hilariously cheesey , horribly timed , and executed with almost no enthusiasm.Unfortunately , the bad is also present in the controls , gameplay , and , well , just about everything important for a good game.I ca n't tell you how hard it was to control your character , whether it be lining up your character to respond to the environment , talking to people , even grabbing and pushing a cart -LRB- I ended up having an easier time pulling it , but since they did n't bother with a pulling animation , my character ended up moonwalking the thing into the dining hall -RRB- . The game does have its charms , usually the result of that good old Japanese quirk factor -LRB- I love being able to have the in-game compass icon be the city 's cat mascot or a pedometer that actually keeps track of your steps -RRB- , or the customization options are nice , you can wear a ton of weird clothes as you save people from disaster , and the dialogue trees allow you to be a total jerk to just about everyone if you want.But that does n't save this broken , frustrating game.The disaster-rescue concept seems like a pretty cool game idea , and its certainly one thats underused . But `` Raw Danger '' is just painful to play .
 Cheap graphic , poor controls , bad sound . These are the elements of a bad game game , too bad Agetec does n't know this . The only thing that saves this from actual `` Raw Danger '' is the hard puzzles that are tricky . Good luck follow gamers
 If there was only zero stars ! This game stinks , it has bad graphics and a ridiculous plot to it . Who to think there ever was a son of James Bond !! So SNES owners save your money for Super Mario All Stars !!
 Pit Fighter has to be the worst fighting game of all time . First of all , the graphics are really crappy . Everything has a grainy look to them , and the fighters do n't even have faces ! The music -LRB- if you want to call it that -RRB- is annoying and keeps repeating itself throughout the game . The way the fighters sound is pathetic as well . They all sound like they 're choking on something when they are attacking . The animation in this game is choppy -LRB- seems to move at 1/2 frame a second -RRB- and its common for characters to just `` glide '' across the screen without moving their feet . Sometimes the enemies slam you without even showing an animation for it , you just somehow land on your back . But the worst thing about Pit Fighter is the awful gameplay . The controls are unresponsive and the collision detection is out of wack , as attacking enemies is a matter of luck and not skill . You have a choice to play as 3 different fighters that each have their own special moves but they all control like crap . If all of what I mentioned about this game seems like fun to you , then go ahead and torture yourself by playing it . Otherwise stay clear of this PITiful game .
 You first selects as one of three pit fighters to compete against a slew of amazing brutal pit fighters -LRB- a whole 7 -RRB- . This is your normal fighting game , no blood , no fatalities , the only difference is that there is more of a playing field , you can move around the total pit , rather than just moving left and right on a platform like other fighting games . There are pretty simple moves , punches , kicks , sweeps , yada yada , which make the game get old really quick . The only good thing about the game is its huge challenge and special rounds , such as when you must fight tigers ! Rent it , do n't buy it .
 When someone mentions the word `` Pit-Fighter '' to you , you 'll either jump with joy or grit your teeth . Some love it , some hate it . I happen to be one of those that love it . Originally released in arcades in 1990 , Pit-Fighter featured real life character models in the game , and introduced 3 player co-op . It was a fighting game that allowed you to move in 8 directions to avoid your enemy 's attacks . You could even pick up various weapons to deal a great amount of pain on your opponents . You fought in the underground to earn cash . Why did you want this cash ? Because you were money hungry , duh . Well , 2 years after thousands of quarters were fed to the many Pit-Fighter machines across America , home versions were finally released . In 91 , the Genesis received an excellent port of the arcade game . You can read about that in my other review . However , the Super NES was cursed with a version that does n't even begin to do the arcade version justice . I pity the kid that received this version as a Christmas gift one Christmas morning in 1992 . Oh , what a terrible Christmas it must have been.Gameplay
 Pit Fighter for the arcade was one of several games that used digitized graphics and real live actors to portray the fighting and the crowd animations that created quite a buzz during the 1990s . It also had great controls so you could easily get into it and drop lots of quarters . It was definitely fun and I beat it a few times . Then this port came out for the SNES and my friend unfortunately bought it , thinking it would be just as fun . It 's not.The graphics are horrible to say the least . They are choppy and bland ; they do nothing to capture the mood and the intensity when you fight your opponents . The controls are very rigid as if your character resembles a tank . Forget about the sounds because most of it was cut out so you get inferior versions of the music and muffled sound effects . Because of the controls , the port is a lot harder than the arcade version.Stay away from this , even if you are curious to look at this hot , flaming mess . Instead , get yourself an emulator and track down the rom for the arcade version . Peace .
 As some of us know , Pitfighter was a good arcade game back in 1990 . So good it got multiple home ports . This being the lousiest one . Let 's begin . So you push start and choose your `` pit-fighter '' and fight against other `` pit-fighters '' . I say pick the kickboxer . Upon starting you fight this Executioner guy who dry humps you upon losing . To beat him , all you do is mash the A button until the `` EXEC . '' is done for . Yep , that 's ALL YOU DO IN THIS GAME . No strategy . But the gameplay is n't just neutered , EVERYTHING from the arcade version is not present . No 3 player , no extra characters , and more importantly , no fun ! The music takes the suck spectrum to a whole new level . It loops over and over and over again to the point as to where you want to throw the TV out the window . All in all do NOT buy or rent this game . It 's was n't worth what it cost at launch ' it 's not worth 50 cents , it 's not even worth a penny . Oh , if you think the SNES version was bad , check it out on Game Boy , it 's far , far , far worse.FINAL JUDGEMENT/SCORE : -1,000,000,000 / 10
 Pit Fighter for it 's time was a good game . But even with games of it 's time , it was n't as great -LRB- this game came out in 1991 -RRB- . you could only be 3 characters , all of which were fairly decent and more or less the same with the addition of a few moves and subtraction of a few moves.The only thing that really held this game up was it 's challenge , it 's bonus rounds and it 's easy play . It was almost too easy at times . Plus you could use the entire screen to fight a match instead of scrolling left and right . It might not be worth buying because it gets real old real quick so maybe rent this one first .
 You first selects as one of three pit fighters to compete against a slew of amazing brutal pit fighters -LRB- a whole 7 -RRB- . This is your normal fighting game , no blood , no fatalities , the only difference is that there is more of a playing field , you can move around the total pit , rather than just moving left and right on a platform like other fighting games . There are pretty simple moves , punches , kicks , sweeps , yada yada , which make the game get old really quick . The only good thing about the game is its huge challenge and special rounds , such as when you must fight tigers ! Rent it , do n't buy it .
 does this game also works in windows 98 also ? .
 This game is not worth your money . The controls are slow it does not always do what you tell it to . Ok it is fun beating up the guys but dont buy it . If you want get the demo . Any real PC gamer will know what I am saying is true
 This is a Mortal Kombat clone , with huge amounts of blood , and two fatalities for each competitor . The only difference with this game is that all of the fighters are pre-historic ! Two apes , a big dinosaur , a fire breathing legendary dinosaur , a raptor and much more . The gameplay is much like Street Fighter 2 , and the gameplay is very slow , because you are fighting as dinosaurs ! Another interesting feature is that for those who like to use the same move over and over again , the game laughs at you . Pretty cheap game , rent it before you buy it .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Primal rage is a game about seven dino-gods who are set free from their prisons when a disaster strikes `` Urth '' in the near future . The player 's goal is to defeat the other dino-gods , conquer their lands , gain the most number of worshippers and end up ruling the new urth . The concept sounds okay , but the game which follows the story is not really.When you turn on the game and arrive at the title screen , you may think the background bird sounds are cool . But go to the player select screen and from there it 's all downhill . The sound and music quality is more like that of a Sega Genesis game . Then there are weird scratching noises at times , and a horrible `` continue screen '' music that will make you drop the controller and run for an asprin ! The graphics are slightly easier to handle . The seven monsters are reasonable , especially the t-rex duo Sauron and Diablo . Sometimes however you may find yourself trying to identify which is the head and tail in the middle of the action . The backgroung visuals are also decent . But the fatalities ... are terrible . They are nowhere near the quality of Mortal Kombat . It 's hard to actually figure out what they are doing in some.Then there are the special moves . Some of them are okay -LRB- like Diablo 's `` hot foot '' -RRB- , and some of them are not -LRB- like Chaos 's `` farts '' and `` puke '' -RRB- . Talk about weirdness . The character Vertigo is ridiculous . A dinosaur with the head of a cobra and the tail of a scorpion ? Some special moves are hard to identify as what they 're supposed to be . The controls are n't quite what you 'd want . The characters are poor at jumping , and even slow and clumsy on ground . It 's sometimes hard to identify if the move they are performing is a special move or just a normal one . Oh , I said something of the sort above , did n't I?So if you want a Genesis quality game for your SNES -LRB- you 're nuts -RRB- , then you can buy this . But what 's the point ? The SNES has much more eye-candy and easier to control fighting games out there . This is one of the least appealing SNES fighting games I 've played . If you want some mindless button-mashing with no real depth and unrealistic amounts of gore , this game is for you . Incase you do n't realise the difference in quality right away , play this first and then play Street Fighter II Turbo , Mortal Kombat or even TMNT
 let 's start out by saying , `` THIS IS NOT THE SEGA CD VERSION WITH UPDATED GRAPHICS . THIS IS AN ALMOST NEW VERSION OF THE ORIGINAL . '' i say this because i have the sega cd version along with the sega cd strategy guide and the levels have been changed completely and the difficulty has been AMPED ! random encounters have been eliminated completely , which , in this case , ends up being a very , VERY bad thing . once you kill the visible enemies on the screen in a dungeon , swamp or mountain terrain , the enemies disappear completely . even when you move up a floor and then go back , they are still gone . this means to level up -LRB- AND YOU WILL HAVE TO LEVEL UP ! -RRB- you have to walk ALL THE WAY BACK TO THE ENTRANCE , THEN ALL THE WAY BACK TO THE TOWN , AND THEN ALL THE WAY TO THE STATUE TO HEAL ! THEN YOU HAVE TO RETURN TO THE FIGHTING SCENE AND KILL THE ENEMIES ALL OVER AGAIN ! this is very bad as there are only 3 different types of enemies per area which makes things mind-numbingly monotonous . i spent 6 hours leveling up my characters near the city of vann to only barely avoid death with the following boss . it will be that way the whole game . no matter how much you level up , you will BARELY escape death with the bosses and that 's only if you 've dedicated 4-6 hours of grinding for each section . also , the enemies 30 hours in the game give you the same amount of experience points and almost the same amount of money as at the beginning of the game . that 's what makes this game so damn frustrating and boring . you have to run through an area to kill 10 enemies and then leave , heal , and re-enter when the enemies only give you 20 experience points per fight and you need to build up 9000 experience points to move on . also , i 'm using the same magic 30 + hours in the game that i used at the beginning . the new spells you learn on the way are total crap and are weaker than the spells you start off with . how is it that i 'm granted a majic spell at level 21 that 's weaker than the spells i had at level 1 ? i would n't be griping about this at all if they would have just left the random encounters in the game . atleast then the makers could justify the unnecessary `` new and improved '' difficulty level . it would have made grinding so much more tollerable and far less time consuming . this game was so much fun when i bought it back in 1994 for the sega cd . now , i 'm so bored with it that i 'm quitting . it 's taken me over 30 hours to get to a spot that only took me one evening on the original . i will give it this , if you want character development , this is the lunar to get as they have beefed up the story and have vastly improved the translation . this leads , however , to this lunar being completely , COMPLETELY different from the original . i know because i have both . if you need proof , just look at the sega cd strategy guide and then look at the manual for this game . TOTALLY DIFFERENT!after all the grinding and needless walking doing nothing , i feel like i have wasted so much of my life . i could have practiced the piano or guitar or read books with my daughter instead of this endless grindathon . i 've played rpg 's for 30 years . never have i had a grinding experience ruin a game as it did for me here . atleast grinding in the final fantasy collection and phantasy star 1,2,3 & 4 was fun and tollerable . this crap is just rediculous !!! if you HAVE to have the WHOLE story , i guess buy this version . if you want to have fun with a great rpg , BUY A SEGA CDX AND THEN GET THE ORIGINAL LUNAR FOR $ 10 COMPLETE ON EBAY OR AMAZON ! that package together will be the same as buying lunar for the psone . then you can get lunar 2 , the phantasy star collection and vay for the sega cd and your collection of great sega rpg 's will be complete .
 I 've managed to avoid buying a console for years and stick primarily to PC gaming . I finally broke down last year and bought a PS2 to check out all of the PS1 and 2 RPGs I missed out on . One of my rules in checking out RPGs was to go with obscure titles and not just mainstream Squaresoft RPGs . Lunar
 My daughter installed it on the brand new Dell we bought , complete with high - end graphics card , mega memory and Windows Vista . Purchased the computer specifically for this and other programs like it that my 4 year old Dell is not equipped to handle . It installed fine and she loved it . The next day she tried to play it and could not find it anywhere on the computer - the short cut was gone , it was n't on the program list , and was n't available on the control panel - uninstall screen . We had not done anything on the computer between the time she stopped playing and the time she tried to open it up again . We put the disk in to re-install it , clicked on the Install button , and the screen came up saying it would uninstall all components . We clicked next , it said everything was uninstalled and displayed the Finish button . That was it . We tried this perhaps a dozen times , with the same result . It will not install.It seems to have uninstalled itself when exiting out or shutting down , and will not reinstall . My daughter is very disappointed ; she was really looking forward to playing it . It was really cool for the hour that she got to use it . Unable to get any help from Microsoft because the help screen requires the product ID , which can only be gotten from the About screen in the program , which of course you can only access if you can install the program . Will be returning the defective product .
 This is a very fun game and a great overall plot . It WILL NOT OPEN . I installed this game on a fairly new HP computer with a brand new graphics and sound card and plenty of memory . It opened the first two times and now it wont open at all . I tryed clicking on the icon and tried start and right clicking but it just wont work . Please Dont Waste Your Money .
 We have tried this game on 2 computers -LRB- one a fairly new Dell Laptop -RRB- and can get it to download but not open to play . We did get it to play once for about 1 hour , then after that were unable to . We have tried to call Microsoft and not been able to get much help . I read other comments that were similiar so know I am not alone . Anyone out there who was able to fix these problems on yours ? If so please email me as my daughter really was looking forward to playing this and is so sad she has been unable too ... thanks -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I hated Zoo tycoon 2 . I got the first zoo tycoon and LOVED it so i decided to get zoo tycoon 2 and i hated it . First one is WAY better . I wouldnt suggest this .
 Zoo Tycoon 1 is the best game ever . This game is expensive , requires a fancy graphics card -LRB- Though i seem to be the only one in the world without one -RRB- and a lot of memory . I could not get it to open.I have n't got a clue as to how fun this game is . Do not buy this game unless you are rich enough to buy a graphics card that costs that much .
 I beat the first one -LRB- and its expansions -RRB- a few times because I love it so much . I consider myself a `` Tycoon Pro '' with all the games . This is the worst simulation game I HAVE EVER PLAYED.I beat it . Unlocked everything . There are n't many animals or unlockables even with the expansions , it 's really pathetic.Maintanance workers are pointless , literally . There area no tour guides in this one ; there 's anal-retentive `` Educators '' that despite taking up little space visually , they demand a large area around them . Zookeeper AI would be laughable if it was n't so aggravating . They stand around . You will have to go `` guest mode '' to clean all the poo up & replenish food/water because they do n't do it.You get in-game alerts -LRB- an intended cruel joke courtesy of the game creators -RRB- for various things the game deems important . OH MY GOD . IT DOES N'T EVER STOP . Most of the alerts will SPAM RAPIDLY that zookeeper so-and-so ca n't reach the poo or food dish despite it being easily accessible.You will be broke the entire campaign mode . Most of your `` gameplay '' will be spent WAITING for cash so you can build things -LRB- but by then it will cost you 10x more to advance since its programmed to go apocalyptic if you do n't build something every 10 minutes . -RRB- There are no cheats for this game . No special creatures like Unicorns or Bigfoot . No neat eastereggs like putting a mermaid statue in a fish tank and watching it come to life.There are only 3 restaurants in the game and they all look the same . There 's only a couple of animal houses/attractions and kids playground equipment does n't even have a swing.The graphics are HORRID !!! The moose body frame looks like the cheetah . For 2006 there is no excuse for it . You 'd think the graphics would be decent given the install requirements , but no.One thing I thought was cool was the addition of Jeep tours ... but the graphics are so bad and lunky that the experience of riding in the car is lame.If you do get this for your kid , make sure they stick with freeform mode or atleast show them how to do the jeep path & gate money trick .
 I bought this game , expansion and manual , because I love sims and this one was listed as Win7 64 bit compatible by Microsoft . Whether or not it is a good game , I can not say . I 'm running a Dell duo core with 8G on board . This game will not recognize any of that 8G and will not allow installation . I was really looking forward to this game , now all I have is over $ 50 in wasted money .
 We have a Windows Vista 2007 program , when my daughter downloaded and started playing the screen `` vibrated '' and she said it was n't like the game she played at her friends house . We bought Zoo Tycoon just for the Marine expansion pack-now she just plays with Zoo Tycoon only .
 When I heard there was a Marine Mania coming out for Zoo Tycoon 2 , I was really excited . I was thrilled when I got my hands on a copy.But now , I must say I 'm rather disappointed with it . There are plenty of new animals , but apart from that , there really is not much else.There are no marine-themed buildings , and the so-called ` aquariums ' you get are just tiny kiosks with fish in them . There is little scenery and only a handful of new maps.You can put on a show featuring your animals , but first , you have to train them . This takes ages and get frustrating . You can hire a trainer to do it for you , but it takes even longer.You 'll find that the show feature is riddled with bugs . My dolphins ` can not reach their performance tank , ' even though I had a tank portal and nothing was blocking the way . Other times , the prop ` can not fit into the tank , ' even though it is deep enough , wide enough , and takes up about half the friggin ' zoo!All in all , I think the ratings for this expansion are inflated because people have been looking forward to it for so long . Microsoft used to put love and care into ZT2 and its expansions . When you play them , it is fun and enjoyable . But not with this expansion . Playing it seems like a chore - here it was made to cash in on fans of the original Marine Mania and make more money . That was the sole reason this was created . Not because the makers wanted to see us enjoy their product and have fun designing it . They simply made it to make quick cash . And I 'm just disappointed .
 Again , the video game industry has succeded in building up tremendous hype and aniticipation for a game which can not possibly live up to it . I 've heard all the talk that most likely caused you to look up this game
 This game was wonderful to play all the way through . The puzzles keep you thinking yet they do n't get in your way . The game play seems fluid and none of the puzzles seem contrived or forced . The fighting is fun . The landscape is stunning . I am glad to own this game even thogh I do n't think I will probably play it again this year .
 I bought this game , thinking it would be as good as the many reviews claim . Unfortunately , I was very disappointed . This is just my opinion , but , this game is boring as hell . You just wander around a drab-looking castle looking for a way out . Maybe it 's because I 'm 16 , but I need something more exciting . You pretty much just run back and forth opening doors , dragging boxes and fighting evil spirits occasionally . Even when you do that , it 's just plain annoying . Trust me , it 's not all as impressive as they say .
 Captivating , epic , amazing ... All of these words do NOT apply to the highly hyped , and highly over rated game , Ico . How this game recieved such high marks is a mystery to me , yet I feel it is my duty to warn others about it . Ico brings new definition to the word pointless , since through most of the game you are left wondering why the heck you want to go on , playing a game with a hollow plot , poor character development , and an annoying kid that makes you want to run him off a cliff , just to see him die ! The only ray of light that shines through this dull title is the amazing visual effects brought out by the programmers ... Unfortunately , graphics do not make the game , and Ico proves this . So be warned , you would be better off investing in airline stock than you would buying this game .
 ... but extremely boring . Figuring out how to drop things on the companion of the main character is by far the most interesting aspect of this game.Fantastic artwork , and relatively bugfree . Wait for it to go on sale or buy one used .
 I wanted to like this game , really I did . I love fantasy , books , games , movies etc. . And the concept for ICO is a good one . But man , this game is painfully boring , and slow . Its one of the most boring games I have ever played . For hardcore puzzle lovers only .
 Well , having just bought this game for very cheap , and all the great ratings -LRB- including all you whackos in Amazon -RRB- it recieved , I thought I had made another good deal in getting a great game for a low price -LRB- like Seek and Destroy , Road Trip , etc. -RRB- But , I was wrong.First of all , this game is TOO FREAKIN HARD . I repeatedly had to run up my stairs and check Game FAQs in the first hour of this game . The levels all look the same so you do n't know where you 're going . Your princess friend has the IQ of a retarded animal , because you have to call to her 5 times -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- to get her up a 10 foot ladder , or else she just sits on the ladder blankly , unmoving.The graphics are pretty weird , Ico looks like a chinese monkey , and the princess just looks like a monkey angel . The reason for this being such a cult hit , getting all these great reviews ? Mystery . Please . I only recommend this game if you absolutely LOVE puzzles every second , limited fighting , and going on game FAQS . Maybe I 've just been playing too much Dynasty Warriors , but hey ; just stay away from the game even at its baragin bin price .
 i got this game a few years ago ... many years after it came out . so many good reviews , but when i played it i wanted to hurt the people that made it and not allow the creators to do make anything else -LRB- but they redeemed themselves withShadow of the ColossusA + . Pointless adventure , worthless story , hideous game play . SotC is where this company shines . forget this game , get SotC.they might be coming out with a ICO/SotC PS3 upscaled HD game ... i recommend getting that only for SotC
 I 've had 2 PS2 's so far and none of the blue discs seem to play in them . The first PS2 I had I tried to play tribes that did n't work . Then my second PS2 I tried to play ICO . The graphics were good i 'll give you that , but my PS2 has a hard time loading everything up . I 'll give this game 2 stars overall because of the graphis in the cutscenes that I did see . As far as gameplay goes could n't tell you the thing would n't work . I recommend renting this game first to make sure your PS2 is capable of reading the blue discs .
 The puzzles are just uninteresting . Cool graphics , but that 's not enough .
 I do n't really consider this a game . Yes , it is very different . But , what is good in diffrence is bad in gameplay . The princess can not climb chains at all . Ca n't she feel a chain ? COME ON ! The combat is stupid . Look at me ! I 'm hitting black shadows with a stick ! WOW ! The puzzles are interesting , but i hate that call that Ico has when calling for Yorda . SQUAWK ! Also , PLEASE TRANSLATE YORDA ! Maybe i 'm not a fan of puzzle games . Oh well .
 This game is a neat puzzle/adventure game , and I liked it except for the fact that it seemed quite BUGGY to me . Quite often the game menu popped up spontaneously during game play . It would not go away until I unplugged my controller and plugged it back in ! That got old real fast . However , I was willing to live with that until the game CRASHED during a cut-scene . The letterbox view came up and then I just sat there , waiting forever.In a word ... . Unacceptable . Console games CAN NOT crash .
 i think that it takes way to long to get into the game and it seems that every 10 minutes is a cut seen
 I hardly find this an enjoyable game . Only about 5hr of gameplay , sloppy graphics and the absolute worst character design , Ico is the worst game I 've ever played.I ca n't think of this as an RPG game , and the idea of getting the extra small and pale princess out of a particularly small castle -LRB- or in my case , toy castle -RRB- while completing the easiest puzzles I 've ever done , its , well ... stupid , and pointless . Another thing is that you have to hold this girls hand while killing evil demon shadow things , with a stick . You do n't even have HP , I mean what kind of Adventure game does n't have Hp?Take my extremely useful advice and do n't waste your money on this useless and incredibly boring game . Get something like Final Fantasy X , Grandia II , or Okage Shadow King . Those are true RPG games
 This game sucked so bad . It was such a waste of my money . The story was stupid . The commands did n't even work . None of it even made sense . I could n't even get it to do easy normal commands in the first level , so I took it back . Summary
 Okay , so you read all of the reviews , right ? And they all basically said that this is a great game , right ? Well , I want to tell you from a kid 's point of view about this game . I 'm not sure if they show a picture of the back of the cover , but it has skeletons on it -LRB- just so you know some of the content of this game -RRB- . This game is like a spacy , almost alieny game where you have to do math to solve the mystery . You are in space in this weird `` space building '' and you click around on certain things and then math problems will come up . You are then guided through it by mechanical voices and must solve the problems . It 's just weird , maybe if you like this kind of stuff , then this is the game for you . But sometimes , you never know what you 're going to get when you buy it . That 's how it was for us , all of the reviews said it was an awesome game . When we recieved it , we were dissapointed with what we got . Be an informed buyer !
 After installing the game , when I tried to run it I get an error message that says `` need 3mb of virtual memory free '' . I have plenty of virtual memory and my husband who is a computer expert could not get this program to run on our computer . We have Windows XP and it will not run in the compatability mode . My husband tried to tweek it to get it to run but could not do anything to get it to recognize our virtual memory . There is no technical support available for this game any longer .
 It should be a pretty good software , but it is not updated for MacOS X , so this does not work properly at many occasion on newer Macs . Please not that it will not run on Intel Mac at all . If you are still using old Macs with OS 9s , you would be much happier .
 I 've tried to get this to run on two different Windows XP machines . Both receive the `` memory error '' commonly attributed to it . I 've tweaked and tweaked my virtual memory settings and while I have a ton of games and CDs that do work , this one does not.I want a refund .
 My 8 year old son struggled with this and asked me for help . I had no idea how to help him ! All we did was answer math questions , there was no purpose or adventure to be had . Sorely disappointed after all the fun we had playing Where in the World is Carmen San Diego.What a waste this game was , of time and money !
 LIKE GOLF GET THIS GAME DO N'T LIKE IT DO N'T GET IT .
 Ridge racer is much better the cars in Type s are to hard to control . I would n't waste my money on it .
 This game is one of the worst driving games that I have played . How bad ? let say I played it for about ten minutes and quit ! One of most important criteria in driving game is the feel . I used the regular keypad control and driving wheel . Like I said , I just did not like it . The only good thing about this game is the graphic . Fun factor is zero . Anyway , What good is it then if game is not fun after all !
 I rented this game recently from blockbuster , and I think it is absolutely horrible ! I am not this harsh on most games , but this game is the worst I have ever played . It is very difficult to control , and to drive the nice cars -LRB- ferrari , porsche -RRB- you have to win a lot of races . It is not enjoyable , very non-addictive , so-so graphics , and there is not a very good choice of tracks . The graphics of the cars are so bad you ca n't tell what kind of car your driving . The only good part of this game is that you can customize each car . Squaresoft obviously should stick on the Final Fantasy Series .
 I bought this and 11 other games for my grandson . He tried to play it for 30 minutes and gave up , has n't played it since.The controls are impossible to use -- I tried it myself.Wal-Mart wo n't exchange it , guess I 'll use it for a frizbee this summer .
 I hate this game , absolutely hate it . I hate it so bad that whenever I turned it off I threw up . I had the flu for a week . Do n't get me wrong , I 've tried to like this game so much that I played for a day . I have never hated a game , or even dislike one , but this one I hate a lot .
 THIS GAME STINKS WORSE THEN MY DOG WHEN HE WETS HIMSELF .
 When playing with 2 players , the screen shakes every now and then.The road does n't change it 's speed to reflect the car speed.Very poor simulations.Fortunately , I rented it : -RRB-
 The first person to review this game does n't own it -LRB- probably because it 's not been released yet -RRB- , and has n't played it , but has decided to write a review on it anyway . Yes , I often make my decision on where to eat after reading reviews of people who ACTUALLY HAVE NOT BEEN THERE , AND HAVE NOT EATEN ANY OF THEIR FOOD . Does this seem slightly absurd to you?At least the second reviewer has ACTUALLY PLAYED THE GAME . Let 's see , who would I trust more -- one who has played it or one who has NOT played it ? Well let 's see -- which mechanic would you choose -- one that is qualified , or one who does n't even ACTUALLY own tools ? Which Doctor would you choose ? One who is not only qualified and has performed well for many years , or someone that just `` PLAYS A DOCTOR ON TV '' ? . YOU DECIDE .
 I had bought this game when I first got my PS2 back in 2002 from a bargain bin , it became brutally honest why I found it there once I started playing ... The first no-no I encountered was the control ... a big no-no , it was complete and utter trash and in a racing game that reduces the game to nothingness pretty much . To add to that however , was the fact that a few reviewers said in all audacity that people just ca n't handle racing games if they ca n't handle the controls in this ... I 've never heard a more foolish statement . In truth the controls on this game are completely fake and NOT AT ALL based on real cars , I know because I work on them in real life . It 's not a matter of skill that keeps people from being able to play this game , it 's a matter of the game being poorly and shamefully made . The game is getting bashed because it 's just not a good game , good graphics alone will never make me accept a game , people need to look deeper than that and I 'm pleased that the vast majority of reviewers of this game have done just that.No stress though , I moved on and tried tweaking the settings , this however did absolutely nothing , nothing at all . This game was weakly made and took absolutely no strides whatsoever to add to the genre , to add to that , the music was god-awful so having to mute the game and play a CD was annoying . I almost beat the game , however by then Gran Turismo 3 A-spec had arrived on the market and once I 'd gotten that ... Driving Emotion Type-S dissapeared `` mysteriously '' . * chuckles * I will say that there was one thing about the game that was cool at that point in time , you could edit the colors of your fleet of vehicles and save those schemed cars on your memory card along with individual settings . That did n't matter in the least in the following months at the time and now the following years , because optional schemes on cars is the norm in racing games now , it 's nothing new.Unfortunately when a game this uninspiring is produced , it insults not only the genre it 's under , but also what it means to be a gamer . I did n't take this game too seriously finding it in that bargain bin , because I had purchased it to hold me over until GT3 's anticipated release . However this game under-performed my standards so badly that it was n't worth a quarter to me . My only `` Driving Emotion '' that started with an `` S '' was the `` Type '' called sickness .
 This is the absolutely worse driving game ever . I would rather play Pole Position than this game anyday . The controls are absolutely horrendous , with your car wanting to skid 24-7 on every turn . The in-view camera is even worse . The game attempts to copy Gran Turismo , but the game fails miserably at achieving mediocre status . To put it mildly , after purchasing the game , I returned the game within a day . Overall , get this game if you 're desperate . Otherwise , stick with any other driving title -- even Looney Tunes Racing is much better than this .
 I rented this game about 2 days ago and returned it yesterday . THE CONTROLLS ARE TERRIBLE ! It feels like the cars are floating . The only reason why it got 2 stars is because the graphics are great and the cars are cool . I ca n't believe Squaresoft made this . There games are always good . Just wait for Gran Turismo 3 .
 Alright , i love driving games !! Especially ones that look at feel like driving a real car . This game falls short on all counts . The graphics for the game are impressive , but that is about it . No attention to driving details . Steering reacts like you are driving a go-cart , and handling is very unrealistic . The problem lies in the fact that when the car turns it pivots from the exact center of the car . instead of the front wheels pulling the car in the diretion of the turn . . If you like driving games and want to spend your money on a driving game , go get Ridge Racer V , or GT3 . This one is a waste of time ...
 I recently got the opportunity to play this game on a business trip to Sony . The review truly fails to point out the serious control problems this game suffers from . Steering control is something to the effect of every tap on the directional pad equating to 15 or 20 degrees of steering wheel position . Tap right once and it adds 15 degrees of steering to the right . You have to tap left to recenter the wheel.The analog controls just make this harder by apparently equating holding it further to one side or the other the affect achived by tapping on the pad at different rates of speed . The end result being that digital control is much better , and even then what should be a simple task of centering steering is nearly impossible.Add to this the fact that the road surface seems to have all the friction generating power of oil poured on glass and you have a game which is more frustration than anything else . I suppose that it might be possible to master the control setup , at which point the game might become enjoyable , but the controls bear so little resemblance to actual driving -LRB- the difficulty of this is making sure you do n't start s-tailing in sweepers and getting the car to go straight down the straightaways -RRB- that I still would n't call it a good driving game .
 so many good baseball games out there , but this ai n't one of them . avoid if possible . 1 star .
 The reason I bought this game because i 've heard it 's one of the hardest games out there , and I like a challenge . The game its self is really entertaining , with the goofy art style , and rock ` on music , really makes it a `` one of a kind '' . The controlls are pretty simple ; attack , and jump is really all you do . This is your basic beat 'em up game , only , is very difficult . Most likely the farthest you 'll get to is stage 3 -LRB- if your lucky -RRB- . If this game had infinite lives , it would had been a very challange , but exciting game . You do n't get alot of lives , and when you lose them all you start from the very begining ... The game has so much going for it , like the gameplay , the funny animation , and great music , BUT fails to be great because you ca n't get very far ... 2/6
 this game just sucks.it was never meant for any one system.espetially on the gba.grafics suck game play is not hulkish enough and d -- n this game reeks of strdegy.who wants the hulk too be stragedy?this game is pointless just forget it exists .
 I really try to avoid giving negative reviews , BUT this game was twice the normal DS game price and it is terrible for a few reasons . I do not have arthritis , and am far from old , but this game made my hands cramp so bad because you have to use the stylus AND the buttons throughout the whole game which is extremely fast paced , so apparently an octopus invented this one . It is a pain in the butt and essentially impossible to enjoy . If you are looking for a b-ball game , keep looking elsewhere and do n't waste your $ $ on this one .
 It was the wrong version . I needed the Wii version . It was the wrong version . I needed the Wii version
 This really is a fun game . The stylus controls can detect a wrong movement now and then , but it is n't anything to make you stop playing the game.The big problem that I have with the game is that in order to play a game of basketball with a friend you must BOTH have the game cart . I could understand that if it was over the internet -LRB- which this game does n't support -RRB- , but for local wireless this is a deal breaker .
 I was hoping for this Mario sports title to be as good as others in the past . It is n't . Its gameplay hinges on using the stylus for everything except moving . That 's never good.To dribble the ball , you have to continually tap the screen , which gets annoying after too long . You also have to memorize which way to swipe the stylus to make any shot , so if you 're like me , you 'll just memorize one shot and keep using it till it goes out of style.You pick three of your favorite characters to be on your team and face off ` tourney-style ' against 3 other groups . That 's kinda nice , but unlike Mario tennis or the other Mario sports games , your computer team mates can not interact with the ball . You have to press the ` L' or ` R ' button to switch to different members , and then control them to pick up the ball . Again , this gets really old really quick.All in all , I did n't find it much fun . Maybe I 'm in the minority , but I ca n't really recommend this to anyone .
 This a pirate version of the game . Beware when you update your ds it wo n't work . The error code `` An error has occurred . Press and hold the Power Button to turn the system off . Please see the Nintendo DSi Operations Manual for help troubleshooting . ''
 When going back to back to play the game it would not load . After calling Nintendo to see if we where doing something wrong we where not . So they ask us to retun the game to them for Nintendo to look at to see what was wrong . I paid full price for a brand new game that does n't work . Well I received the game and a letter back and game which stated that the game is a counterfeit . So I think you need to do something about this . I have been a customer of Amozon for years and this really bothers me that you would sell a counterfeit game . Please advise me on how you plan to proceed . I recommend you credit my account soon . If need be I can fax you the letter Nintendo fo America Inc. sent . I hope to here from you soon.ThanksPatti Wohnhasjpwohnhas@aol.com
 I walk in the store and i had a choice between two DS games
 This game has its moments but it does n't go far beyond that . With a frustrating AI , its hard to enjoy this game on the harder difficulties . I 've been playing this game for a couple of weeks now and its a lot of fun . Unfortunately , that fun has been squashed by its frustratingly hard AI opponents.Pros
 When I bought this game i thought it looked pretty desent compared to some other games . But the first time i put the game in i hated it . The helicopter is soooo hard to figure out the controllers . And the graphics are just plain sad . Its not worth even looking at !!
 Unfortunately this game 's cover-box looks much more promising than what it actually is . The chopper is kind of difficult to control and it seems that you never have enough ammo to proceed through the battle decently . Therefore you end up trying to figure out what to shoot and what not and that usually ends up in being shot down -LRB- which is very easy to happen -RRB- . Graphics . . ? too simple I would say . If someone just gives it to you , sure , go ahead and take it but do n't pay money for it .
 Magical Starsign uses a unique battle system that involves strategy and luck . The animations are really well done and the graphics were really great for the Nintendo DS . You can also have a lot of enemies and characters battling at once which makes it fun to be able to have a lot of different options per turn , but also leads to long waiting games while you wait for all the enemies to attack you . Early on , its a bit difficult because after every turn if you are in a battle with a ton of enemies if they all gang up on the same character they can probably kill him , or mean that your next turn is wasted while you have to heal yourself.I did n't enjoy the story which is what made be inevitably quit this game . I got trapped in some strange castle and after checking every room I still could not proceed . I was n't sure why I was there to begin with and the monster battles were frustratingly frequent and overpowered.I think Magical Starsign is a poor game by today 's RPG standards , but if you look at it as a quirky game that is in the veign of the original Final Fantasy and Secret of Mana games it holds own fairly well .
 This game has terrific design -- it 's one of the best-looking games on the DS . The colors are well-chosen , the character models are good , and the use of the dual screens , particularly during boss battles , is clever . Unfortunately , the combat is way too shallow -- or at least it is during the first ten hours , and I did n't have the patience to play any further . It might be a nice `` My First RPG '' for very little kids , but otherwise , enjoy the screenshots and pass on the game .
 when I first got the game I thoght the graphic in the game were super cool . and the abilities of using magic and all . . then . .1 -RRB- people just talk so damn much , and when you lose your interest to read all that useless crap and clicking it away . . and you later find out that you 've missing something like - you are suppose to go look for some monster or something . then you tap on them again . . some wo n't repeat it instead tell you to have a nice day ! 2 -RRB- during battle , the game is setted in a program that everybody can only take 1 term , and 1 term only . so when the characters were attacking by the monsters , they ca n't run a way or defence themselves or anything at all . just stand there and get hit.I mean ... WHat the HELL ?!!!! I found myself craching the screen with my stylus hoping that might help the defenc . however , that was helpless . . eventho some carrot things rounding around told you it would .3 -RRB- some mission just so unclear !! now I am running around wood planet killing whatever monster that shows up ; and do n't know what the hell I was suppose to do.don ' t waste you money on this game .
 I returned the software and the dealer sent me another one and that was also defective . I gave up and returned them . Part of the program would work OK -LRB- the Course Designer -RRB- and the bonus Motocross worked Ok . The golf program would not work . Microsoft we are really proud of you !!!
 I bought Microsoft Links 2003 and combat flight sim 3 with out reading reviews and the reviews are right , these games are flawed and a waste of money . They are turning out games that are not as good as the past . I am done with Microsoft games unless I read plenty of reviews that give it a thumbs up . It seems that Microsoft would address all these complaints but I see nothing . Are they laughing too hard at the consumer they once again have baffled ?
 Do n't buy this game until Microsoft produces the first patch , but it will take several to fix this abortion . It seems Microsoft did not test this game with a Beta edition , but actually are using their paying customers as Beta testers on this game.When playing this game online , it is impossible to chat to other participants as on prior editons because your player may start a swing from touching the space bar , a very obvious bug the designers failed to correct.Also , on Links 2001 , a group of online players could continue a game if one player was dropped or lost their connection . Not in this newer version of Links 2003 , as your entire group is screwed if this happens ! What was Microsoft thinking?The game also takes forever to launch when playing online , even if you have an optimum broadband connection , and the latest Pentium 4 processors , plenty of Ram and the latest video cards . A few of us are starting to wonder if it is even compatible with Windows XP , as it loads so slow on that OS.Microsoft should start over from scratch and refund anyone that bought this game . As for me , I broke my CD 's out of frustration .
 I agree completely with the reviewer who panned this game . I ownall previous Links games and all the courses . This was a greatdisappointment . Unfortunately , I could n't return it , since I hadopened it . The graphics are poor compared to Links 2001 , and theplayers look as though they 're painted on the screen . I removedthe game from my machine and am trying to forget how I wasted mymoney .
 Did not receive license number with game can only use temporary !!!! Other version of same game will not play at all.Basically both games were a rip-off .
 I decided to purchase this game because my Links98 was having erratic results when I purchased a new computer with a 1.4 gig processor . I hoped that the new game would respond better to mouse clicks . Well - that 's the only thing I can say good about the game . Other than that , the graphics are horrible . Making an internet connection is next to impossible . It takes over a gig of hard-drive space if you install it in its entirety , and it will not load your older LS games , even though the advertising says it will.I would only recommend this to someone I did n't like .
 This game wo n't even run on my machine , though the system requirements are easily met . It keeps crashing during load time . I try to select a player and POW ! out I go . What a waste of money and time .
 Microsoft has ruined their reputation with the Links series by producing this error filled , bug infested fiasco . Unless you are playing at home by yourself , this game is unplayable!It is almost impossible to go online , and launch a game with 4 to 6 players . And if you are lucky enough to launch , if someone quits , you are out of luck as there is no feature to allow the host to drop the player and continue , or resume without him such as on Links 2001 . And , if you are lucky enough to play a game , but wanted to chat with your buddies , you probably ruined your game by accidently hitting the space bar and causing your player animation to swing prematurely . These bugs , and there are many more , should have been caught if this game was beta tested , but obviously it was not.Also , this game seems to be `` somewhat '' incompatible with Windows XP as lots of people can not even launch from the MSN Zone if they have Windows XP . Or at least , Windows XP is not helpful , even with tons of ram.People are even having problems launching their game when using unique avatars on their players.Links 2001 was great ! This game is horrible to the 3rd degreee!Do not buy this game until you read about a patch -LRB- s -RRB- being available . Someone at Microsoft , if not already , should be fired over this game !
 I cant believe Microsoft worked on this for two years and came out with the biggest mistake possible . For those of you who own links 2001 , you will be exremely disappointed . ... I couldnt believe it . I hated it , but I wanted to give it time and leave it up to the jury . So I called all my online Links buddies and said go buy it so we can play online . They did and like me couldnt believe they had wasted their money . The graphics in some areas are wonderful , such as the trees and bushes and course layouts . But on the other hand , the golfers look fake , the clubs look fake , the sounds are fake , and the ball flight patterns are not realistic . The first drive I hit it took almost 12 seconds for it to come to a stop . I 've never even seen Tigers drive hang in the air for 12 seconds . Unfortunately , the game takes extremely long to render scenes and scroll menu options and I have a pentium 4 , 1.8 GH , and 512 Megs of ram . We gave it 2 weeks . As of today 7 of my friends have returned this game and we are now back to playing our 2001 championsip edition `` By far this best links game available '' . I suggest to all links players or wan na soon be links players not to waste your time , money , patience , or computer resources on this huge disappointment . Go out and buy links 2001 Championship edition while you still can and it 's still cheap . Thank You Microsoft , once again ...
 This game is nothing like the old style Larry games . Mini games distracts from the main goal of the game . It was n't what I thought .
 Any Leisure Suit Larry game that did n't involve Al Lowe is n't an LSL game at all . What a shame that Sierra was n't smart enough to employ him.Message to pointy-haired bosses at Sierra
 The originals were so much more fun . I wish they 'd get Al Lowe back . The mini games are super annoying and movement within the game is very difficult for someone not experienced with keyboard movement . After an hour or so of not enjoying the game I shelved it .
 anyone who likes this needs to get their head checked , and buy some real games.i have every right to say this because i 've beaten all of the previous LSL games which al lowe made . i guess it makes sense that this game sucks , because he had nothing to do with it.spend your money on LSL6 instead , the graffix are simple , but the fun factor is phenomenal !
 I ca n't honestly say whether the game is any good or not , simply because I have not managed to get more than 60 seconds into the game without its crashing . This has happened on each of the dozen or so times that I have attempted to play it . I 've uninstalled and reinstalled it several times in an attempt to eliminate its `` bugginess '' , but to no avail . Frustrating and ... thirty bucks wasted .
 It is not Leisure Suit Larry 8 ! Even though Vivendi Universal 's calls it a Leisure Suit Larry game , It is not an adventure game and there are no adventure like puzzles , and plot is hard to find . Leisure Suit Larry is not even in it . Minus a small voice over.What is worse is Al Lowe was not even part of making this game . The man who created Larry had no part in this game . So how could it be good?I am pleased to say that I enjoyed all other Larry Games , they were 6 games that Sierra and Al Lowe made that I am glad I played , I feel part of something special.Any fan of the original Larry games will be and should be upset.This game is a disgrace.Sierra Games1978 - 2004Ps excuse my bad french below.Ce n'est pas Larry de Proc&egrave;s de Loisir 8 ! Bien que Vivendi les appels Universels il un jeu de Larry de Proc&egrave;s de Loisir , ce n'est pas un jeu d'aventure et il n ' y a pas d'aventure comme les &eacute;nigmes , et le terrain est dur &agrave; trouver . Larry de Proc&egrave;s de loisir n'est pas mme dans lui . Moins une petite voix par-dessus . Quel est pire est Al Lowe n ' &eacute;tait pas mme la partie de faire ce jeu . L'homme qui a cr&eacute;&eacute; Larry n'avait pas de partie dans ce jeu . Donc comment ce pourrait tre bon ? Je suis plu de dire que j' ai appr&eacute;ci&eacute; tous autres Jeux de Larry , ils &eacute;taient 6 jeux que Sierra et Al Lowe a fait que je suis content que j' ai jou&eacute; , je sens la partie de sp&eacute;cial de quelque chose.N ` importe quel ventilateur des jeux de Larry originaux sera et devrait tre d&eacute;rang&eacute;.Ce jeu est une disgrce.Les Jeux de sierra 1978 - 2004Excuser mon mauvais franais , merci .
 If you 're just interested in seeing a bit of pixelated T&A ; and playing lots of arcade-like games ad-nauseum , then this is the game for you.If you fondly remember all the old Al Lowe LSL games , and are looking to revisit some of their wit and challenge , then stay far away.Unlike the old AL Lowe games , all that 's required to bed these pixelated babes -LRB- or quite often barely miss bedding them -RRB- , is skill at a few different arcade-like games . There 's not a lot of variety in these games , and they quickly become irritatingly repetitive.Basically , there 's no thought required to play the game at all . The `` Little Black Book '' tells you exactly where to meet each babe . All you have to do , is show up at that location , wear the right clothes , play the arcade-like game , and watch the cutscenes of Larry scoring or not quite scoring.So far , I 've not even had to search a single trash can . What kind of Al Lowe or LSL game is that ??? Also , one other very irritating thing about the game is the fact that while you 're playing these tedious arcade games , you often miss out on what little humor is available in the game.One of the most frequent arcade type games , is one where you have to navigate a sperm through a minefield of conversation topics -LRB- this is how you converse with the babes in the game -RRB- . Unfortunatly , I often find myself trying so hard to navigate the minefield succesfully , that I miss out on the actual conversation that is going on at the same time.The one up side to the game , is the abundance of pixelated -LRB- and sometimes real -LRB- during some of the load screens -RRB- -RRB- babes throughout the game.So basically , there 's lots of eye candy , but absolutely no intelligent game play.If you 're looking for a fun LSL game ; with lots of humor , challenge and fun , scrape up an old copy of LSL7
 The game was a bootleg copy and from what I read from other people its not a complete bootleg it does n't work in my pc it wont load up it wont even indicate its working and I know theirs something on there but I have no way of getting it I was under the assumption that it was the actual game but it was n't it was a pirated copy witch is illegal and just plane wrong all I want is my money back just give me that and ill be happyP.S the positive feedback is probably just some one and or this person giving it
 I am a HUGE fan of the pre-Magna Cum Laude LSL series . If you 've ever played any of the old games , you know that there 's a bit of thinking involved in winning the game.Cum Laude , on the other hand , pathetically attempts to pose itself as an adventure game . Realistically , the producers/dorks behind the game obviously have little to no imagination or creative talent.The absolute worst part of the game takes place during the dialogue sequenses between Larry and other characters . Every time you have a conversation with someone , Larry talks while you navigate a sperm through an obstacle course of dookie -LRB- metaphorically speaking -RRB- . In order to have a positive interaction with the other character , you have to navigate the sperm smoothly & not hit items along the way . It 's funny at first , but then it 's like , man , this is so dumb ! What ever happened to picking out your character 's dialogue from a list of possible statements?I gave the game one star , b/c the Quarters game is amusing .
 One of the first games I played on my PC was Leisure Suit Larry I -LRB- and then II and III -RRB- . These were played with the keyboard , and you had to type in commands.This latest incarnation has very little in common with the originals . Whereas the originals had some clever humour and puzzles , the new one is more of a mashing the buttons / get your timing down type of game . You will be chasing gold coins down for the most part.There just is n't enough to this game . The puzzles are very repetitive , and the control leaves a lot to be desired . Stay away from this one , unless you have a need to own every LSL title .
 When I first saw this game on the shelves I almost did a back-flip . The memories it brought back ! But what a dissappiontment.This game has virtually nothing in common with the originals.It is an adult game made for kids as you have to be lightning fast on the keyboard to play all the silly side games.The humour can be funny but to hear it all you have to be able to conquer these side games . As a 50 year old who enjoyed the LL series this game lacks imagination and I find my reactions too slow to be able to play this game .
 As an old LSL an sierra in general fan ... this game is a bomb . They re-wrote the meaning of adventure game . You 'll have more fun with frogger .
 It would be nice if Amazon sends you the right sofeware ! order the Uncut & Uncensored version and what do I get sent to me the Censored version not only im I pissed off for waiting for the game Im pissed off now that I have to send the game back and wait for my refund and my refund for mailing it what a pain . Really makes you not want to order stuff from online with all the mistakes that are made !
 More of an attempt to create a Leisure Suit Larry Xtreme Party Games title , rather then a continuance of the classic adventure series , Leisure Suit Larry
 This game is fun enough for one time through . It has some funny moments , and the girls are looking notably better than the girls in Leisure Suit Larry 1 ; -RRB- However , nothing can really make up for the fact that this game is extremely repetitive . And I mean really repetitive . Like the most repetitive game ever . Broken record repetitive.The game is essentially a sequence of a few mini-games that get replayed over and over again , getting a bit harder over time to be sure , but ultimately just the same old stuff over again.The game also has three alternate endings , but you do n't really have to choose between them , because you can save just before the last sequence and quickly go back and see the other two.In the end , the game transforms the Larry series into something less than what it once was . There 's more nudity -LRB- at least in the Uncut & Uncensored version -RRB- , but that does not in itself make a good Larry game -LRB- consider that the originals were fun despite having very little except as easter eggs -RRB- . I can still go back and play the original Larry games and have fun with them , but I ca n't think of any good reason to go back and play this one again.And did I mention that the game is repetitive ?
 Leisure Suit Larry had always been a fun , adult themed adventure game . It tested your wit and made you solve puzzles and much more.It also had a very good sense of adult humor , and even some mild nudity.This game , does not live up to the series . The entire game is nothing but a bunch of poorly done mini games , which compreses of pressing buttons in a certian order.What makes it worse , is its a direct game port from system to PC , which makes it even worse . The game support is very slim . My pc more then meets the MAX system requirments of the game , and it still ran poorly . Why ? Because I didnt have a very specific video card.Unless your PC has the system requirements down to a letter , dont buy this game , there is no way to tweek the game performance , and unless you have the perfectly designed system for this game , it will run like crap.A horrible game , if your looking for digital T&A ; just download a Hentai Game .
 The title of this review says it all ... . that is pretty much how the game went for me . Granted the first hour was interesting to look at the houses people built and try out all the gadgets and gizmos but after that it was just an expensive chat room . Sitting at a chess board and ` hearing ' Hello , welcome , come on in and thanks over and over is not my idea of a game ... . I had a blast building a house , decorating and filling it with everything I possible could but after that ... chat room mode set in and I was never into those , even the free ones ...
 unless you are a collector , please save your money . The Sims Online , commonly refferred to as TSO , has been permanently shut down by EA , the company behind all of The Sims games . If you wish to play an online type version , please visit facebook for their new facebook version , instead of wasting your money on a non-playable game.Hope you have fun on Facebook.PhotoMom2010
 If you enjoy doing tedious tasks after installing a huge application , that lags horribly and sucks up a large amount of system resources , then by all means , this game is for you . Please do not waste your time and money with this game.If you want to know the specs of the computers I played it on , in case you think my boxes were slow , well here they are : note
 I got this game for Christmas when it first came out and for about a year i loved it . Then once after a update that i had to download it i could no longer access my account . I conteacted tech support MANY times to NO avail . The told me the problem was on my end ... but that wouldnt explain why i couldnt log into the game after i could get part way in . They even had me download and reinstall and what-not . BUT . . i still could not get in . I tried for 3 months . . paying the 12 bucks a month and not being able to play the game . I am not the only person who has had this problem either . Beware this game . Its very fun . . until you ca n't play it anymore and can not get tech support .
 To be honest , I received the game and it looks like lots of fun , however , I have had the game for several weeks and have still been unable to play it . The serial number that came with the game was invalid , I had to fax them all this information and it has been almost a week and I have not heard from them yet . : -LRB-
 This game is no game . It is no fun at all especially because of its price 75 $ for a cardboard box and for online chat after 3 months . I thought it would be alot more fun then the online virtual chat that im using for FREE , but apparently it ... I dont want to pay money to do something I can do for free ... Real simulated chat room0 % dumb
 I believe `` The Sims '' taps into our control freak nature . Most of the fun of the game is being able to control the little Sims , build their houses , have them interact with others , etc.The fun of the online version is completely dependent on other players . The money your Sim -LRB- and only one Sim -RRB- makes gets sucked up immediately . The `` spend money to earn money '' philosophy of the single-player version is abandoned . You ca n't build much of anything , much less furnish a place , and the buildings you find resemble HP -- party after party with no home life interaction like sitting down to dinner with spouse and kids.As the others say , it is a glorified chatroom . The majority of relationships in TSO were formed early in beta-testing and to get in on a relationship , a house , etc. at this point will be very difficult . In other words , there 's no fun to be had.If you want a new Sims adventure , the only way to go is Sims2 .
 It is just an add on for the great game to generate some more money for the company . The add on itself has lost its charm as a game ... Not worth the expence ...
 Why pay for something that is free ?? THIS IS NOT A GAME.It 's an interactive screensaver with chat attached to it.Genuine waste of money .
 Do not fall for the hype . This is an incomplete game that was released way too early . Its deceptively advertised to look like itsmore than it really is.The user creative world consists of skill centers , dance clubs/discos , and occasional wedding chapel . There is no real economy , the players who were there from the beginning are the wealthiest . The only goals of the game are who can be the most popular and get the most wealth by exploiting all the job ojects and taking advantage of the new/novice players.Its not only boring , but what little gameplay is monotonous.Sim 's skills and needs constantly wear out so you have to replenish them constantly by doing the same activities over and over and over.All in all , this is basically an animated chatroom with a few inside games so it can be called a game.And the roleplay consists of not only kids , but adults engaging in obnoxious , extremely childish behavior.The game developers have promised more playable content will be added but in 5 weeks , little has changed.And the band object you see on the box is n't even in the game.If you are looking for a game that is fun and creative you wo n't find that with The Sims Online.If you 're more of a chatter than a gamer and can afford to pay for what is essentially a animated chat , then this game is for you .
 If you enjoy computer games with quests and missions , perhaps a sense of purpose for playing a game -LRB- perhaps a story line or some history -RRB- , even if you just wan na wander around a vast 3-D world -- DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!! The only game going on with The Sims Online is that there is no game here , and when you do find your place in role-playing in this game someone will inevitably report you to the gestapo I mean Maxis and you will have your account suspended for not playing the -LRB- non -RRB- game their way.Oh I agree it sure looks cool on the box , be who you want to be right ? Ask one person who organized a large group of people and formed a role playing Sim Mafia . He was asked to cease and desist his group because more or less the majority of people in this game are playing real life , and that is too much for them to deal with in a game.I myself had started a fight club thinking there may be some pvp action to be had ... NOT you must physically accept all interactions initiated by another player or it just rejects the actions.If you really enjoy people chatting about what is going on in there life while they build a skill for no reason other than more interactions this is for you.I play many games and beta test alot of new games so when I experienced massive lag issues in this Sims game after release with only 12 people on a property with its poor graphics from the early 90 's I tend to wonder why when i beta tested shadowbane with 2500 peeps on one server with 100 people on screen at one time in a guild conflict with intense graphics i get no lag at all ? Also this bloated pig of a game will bring down your computers resources faster than 20 viruses at once I got 768 megs of RAM and would run out of mem while playing .
 If you get this game all your going to do is pay a monthly fee to chat ! Objects are priced way to high and to get any skills to make money will take you weeks of game play . I played this game for over two weeks strait and it was the same thing over and over . You never get any place and it gets boring real fast . If your really into online chat and want to pay for it then get this game but if you want to play The Sims stick with PS2 or the regular PC game .
 This game 's servers were taken offline permanently by EA quite some time ago . As such , this game no longer has any purpose and it doesnt function at all . There is no offline version . This game shouldnt be sold anymore because it isnt playable any longer . I 've had Sims online since 2003 . Do a quick google search about what I 'm mentioning and you 'll see that this game shouldnt even be sold anymore because its the equivalent of a scam .
 If EA ruins any more of Maxis 's games I am going to plant a bomb in their headquarters!Everyone remembers Maxis in the 90 's . Maxis spent time in their games and did n't just focus on garphics and they did n't let money get to them.Now , Maxis makes a bad mistake , which will probably ruin their company , THEY JOINED EA ! EA is a fat , greedy company who is buying all the good companies into them . Money , Money , Money is all they care about.EA caused the Sims expansion pack disaster and made the Sims Online a flop.And the worst thing is , THEY RUINED SIMCITY ! AHHHHHHHHHH!SimCity 4 was a very anticipated game . When it gets released , EA makes Maxis hurry it up so they can get money . EA just wants to bring it to stores without even giving Maxis the time to check for bugs.Oh , back to the game . It is not that great . Thanks to EA .
 i have played the game for less than a year ... and i am bored sick ... i am not paying 10 bucks a month for a chat room that only people talk to certain people . than you get ignored . sorry not worth it in my opinion .
 What a con . I bought a copy for myself and as a gift for my sister as I thought it would be a neat way to keep in touch.I can begin to convey my disappointment after playing this for the last two days.There is very little game content and the design is no better than some of the 3D Chat places that are available for free online.I was expecting to see downtown areas . The advertising made it sound as if there were actual jobs and business and places of exploration.This place is either geared for the under 21 set or for uncreative types because what I saw people do was childish and just plain crass.I am disappointed that the developers of The Sims could release such a shallow , half hearted online version.I should have tried the playtest because if I had , I would n't have made such a costly mistake . I just feel fortunate I was able to return my sister 's . This is a huge disappointment . How this can be considered an actual game is beyond me.Maxis should have just developed an multiplayer version of The Sims where people could play with their friends and family .
 This is n't a real multiplayer online game.After playing this game for far too many hour in order to try to progress somewhere with it , I have finally given up . I paid money to play an actual game and not just chat.A multiplayer online game is supposed to have a balance of socialization and actual gameplay with real objectives along with chatting.This is nothing but a shallow chatroom where you struggle to keep your Sims needs up , playing silly game objects , and teleport from place to place as there are no real downtown places to explore and you do n't even have a real neighborhood to walk around in.If you must see for yourself , by the less expensive one . Do n't invest in this one unless you are absolutely ready to do it .
 TSO -LRB- The Sims Online -RRB- is a collection of cities which you choose from to create your alter-ego - a 3D avatar of yourself - and live out your life as a sim . Instead of being taken to work , you choose from a number of money lots scattered around the city and do real time work there , whilst at the same time chatting to the people in that lot.You can also visit other types of lots to build up skills to earn more money , play a few games , and get involved in a little hanky panky in one of the romance lots . If you are feeling creative enough and have plenty of simoleans left over , you can even create your own dream home or commercial lot for other people to come round and visit.Sadly this game evolves mostly around building up skills and finding the lots with the most people in them to earn more money . There 's very little imagination put into the objects and it wo n't be long before repeating the same process over and over gets old . What 's more the game is still under development and is missing half the interactions and items mentioned in the manual.Overall this game has much potential once the beta testing period is over and becomes as advertised with all the interactions and items . At the moment it 's nothing more than a 3D chat room with most of the players away from their computer . Users with less than DSL speeds will also find it difficult to play the game smoothly and will be faced with frequent updates that could take hours to install .
 In the beginning this game was a great idea but a greedygame publishing company decided to release this in an incomplete state figuring The Sims name would sell it.What could have been an exciting and fun game to play is bacially boring , pointless , and just not fun ! The gameplay is tedious and extremely repetitive and some of the objects that were promised have not even been implemented in the game and some of the other playable elements are still grayed out , meaning you ca n't play them yet.It took months before an item advertised in the box was even added to the game !!! They take forever to add anything and you 're constantly greeted with half baked promises.The game strict rules prevents any opportunity at being creative and literally destroys the fun . As of now , its merely a chat room with a few game objects/elements that you pay monthly for.My friends and I had enough so we unsubscribed altogether because we were tired of feeling ... ... , so all I can say is buy this game at your own risk and be prepared to be bored , creatively stifled and harassed by alot of griefers as they need something to do since theres not much to do in this game .
 Invest your -LSB- money -RSB- bucks or however much you want to toss away in the lottery , do n't bother with TSO . Do you spend your day in a job that is not challenging , repetitive , and uninteresting except when you chat over the water cooler , copier or cubicle wall ? Well , that is decidedly more interesting and fun than TSO and about as exciting . There is a design bias towards forced interaction . Due to individual object limits , creativity is limited . Skill takes extremely long to gain , and must be continously maintained . Needs restrict how much time you can spend doing anything before you have to ` green up ' . These factors have been tweeked however are far from fixed . You ca n't walk your sim to another house , across the street or around the neighborhood . Sure , that is being ` worked on ' in design , but do you really want to pay to play a less than beta version game while code is being written to make it live up to what it has been hyped to be ? You start the game with -LSB- money -RSB- simoleons which you 'll spend a third -LRB- at least -RRB- upon buying property which you then ca n't fully build upon due to lack of funds . If you choose to play alone without roommates , you will be penalized an exordinate extra cost in order to enlarge your lot . You can chat for free all over the net , why pay -LSB- money -RSB- a year to chat in a 3D enviornment ? I played the Beta , am a founder and this is the worst game I 've ever played .
 It WAS addictive at 1st . Slowly , it started to get very repetitive and the game SLOWED down tremendously even on the fastest computers when many sims were altogether . Chatting became lethargic . You always had to empty your bladder or eat or sleep and that really made it very frustrating . Save your money .
 If you are looking to expand or perhaps re-live the fun you had with the original Sims , this is not the answer . Though it looks like The Sims and has the same familiar controls , it definitely does n't PLAY like The Sims . It plays more like ICQ . Chat . Meet virtual people and have shallow conversations . Logoff.Strong possibility that EA can turn this `` project '' into a `` game '' with more time , but for now , this is little more than Internet Chat - for $ ... a month .
 I bought this piece of garbage and I can definitely say itsNOT worth it.This does n't feel like I was playing an actual game , it seemed more like a giant Sim Chatroom with a few game elements inside so it could be marketed accordingly . And the gameplay it does have was extremely boring.The only objectives are to become the richest and most popular and after you achieved that there is simply nothing else to do except to chat . I buy games for the purpose of having fun . This is NOT a fun game . Its boring , tedious , and shallow . And many of the users are using it as an outlet to express themselves in rather obnxious and creepy ways.Had this game had what it advertised and was more complete , my review would be more positive as I have nothing against games of this nature . What I do n't like is being manipulated into believing that this game was something more than it actually is . The truth of the matter is they released this game way too early because they assumed we 'd all be happy to play it despite its incomplete condition . I do n't like feeling this cheated.Save your money and send a message to the game developers that you wo n't by incomplete , substandard games .
 Please consider very carefully before purchasing this game . Play it yourself before allowing your child to play ... particularly anyone under the age of 18 . As a ` Founder ' -LRB- beta-tester -RRB- for 3 months , & , after being slapped by a 9 year old because I would n't get into the ` love-bed ' -LRB- simulated sex -RRB- with him , you could n't get me back to this ` over-rated CHAT program for losers '' with a team of wild horses !!! and ... I will not allow my grandchildren to ` play ' . Should you decide to purchase this ` thing ' anyway , I 'd recommend a high amount of Parental Supervision . There is a lot of very ` sick ' stuff going on & Maxis does n't seem to have put in the proper controls . The only contribution this game makes is everything that we do n't want our children absorb ... Please , spend a little time there yourself before agreeing to alow your child to play .
 Crap software.Crap developer.Waste of money . Waste of time.If you ever find this program , just wrapit in tp , that 's where it belongs .
 The games in this package are interesting and potentially addictive . I have purchased several of these games during the past few years and they all suffer from terrible instability ; every single one of them is buggy and crashes . The latest game I 've purchased -LRB- after telling myself not to buy another -RRB- is Crusader Kings Complete . Unfortunately , it crashes every 15-30 minutes , rendering the game unusable . There is a patch for Snow Leopard but it crashes as well . -LRB- In fact , the notes on their website say if the Snow Leopard patch crashes you should downgrade to the other version that also crashes . -RRB- I hope they can figure out the crashes . The games themselves are excellent and have so much promise .
 I bought this game because it was the first Universal Binary game that I actually want to play -LRB- besides Enigmo 2 -RRB- , and when I got it installed I was puzzled as to why I could not play it on high-quality graphics in full -LRB- wide -RRB- screen mode . I tried all I could to get it to work and unfortunately it will only play in 4:3 mode and that leaves nearly 1/3 of my screen not being fully utilized . I contacted Aspyr tech support , and was told that they are aware of this being an issue with the Intel Macs and that they are working on a patch to resolve the problem . Well this means that I can not really enjoy this game until the patch comes out , however long that will take.I am very happy that I bought this game , and once this has been resolved I will replace this review with a more accurate description of Quake 4 . But in the meantime , do n't go out and buy this game if you do n't want to get full use out of it !
 I owned Wolfenstein 3D on my 486 , back in 1993 . I like first person shooters.I barely played through the introductory level of Q4 . Graphics performance is consistently crappy on both my MacBook Pro 17 and my dual G5 2ghz ; what systems are they testing ?! Big disappointment .
 Box states it will play OS X 10.3.9 or later . But with 10.6.8 it will freeze on any effort to change the game preferences and one has no access to any of its on-line features . Not worth the money .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this one . These are the same old solitaire games that can be played with some strange-looking -LRB- sometimes hard to read -RRB- decks of cards . The monkeys DO N'T chatter or talk - they use cartoon-like balloons to silently tell lame jokes or toss out insults . This gets old almost immediately . It is possible to turn off the monkey nonsense but that is all there is to set this apart from other solitaire software in the first place.There are a few cute/clever visual elements , but these are hardly enough to recommend the Burning Monkeys.There are lots of other , much better , solitaire collections . If you are a solitaire fan , choose one of the others instead .
 i was trying to charge it the led wasnt on and when i shook it a little you would hear something moving around
 this came to my house in two wekks and when i tried to charge it five minutes later it was melting !
 This product/seller does not describe what they are selling . I was looking for a mobile TV screen for my Gamecube and I got in the mail something totally different .
 this is a terrible product let me give you some reasons why i think its terrible1 -RRB- lights arent even bright2 -RRB- half of them dont even work3 -RRB- might as well buy 2 pairs if you 're planning on light up top and bottom of your xboxso those are some of the reasons why i think its a terrible product . Oh yeah it 's a waste of money
 The product sounds cool and they make it look good in the picture but it does n't work . I ordered one and half of the lights did n't even turn on ! The product is defective and should not be sold until perfected !
 I 'm giving Red Orchestra a bad review as it is just plainly false advertising . I do n't have high speed internet and bought the game in a local store thinking by looking at the case it had a actual single player mode ... it does n't . It did say a internet connection was required to activate the game , it does not say if you have 56K you will be downloading for 4 + days just to get a glimpse of the game.I usually buy games for the single player mode as I do n't have a choice of getting broadband where we live , I guess I 'll be more careful when it comes to these kinds of products.The game , once I got to it , was pretty cool but gets boring fast in the practice mode , there is no campaigns etc for a single player . I 'd give the gameplay a nice score say 4 stars , if you got broadband this would definately be a good game to purchase . But they need to describe the game and the hoops you need to jump through to play it more thoroughly on the packaging ...
 Might be a fun game for all I know , but since you have to download something from the company websight to get past encription , and since I do n't have High-speed internet , it was impossible to load -LRB- even to just play solo , which is all I wanted to do -RRB- , so I basically just threw away $ 30 . It 's like 1990 all over again - remember that fun tension after buying a new game and wondering if it would work , or if you would have to spend 3 hours fiddling with com and port settings ? Welcome back to the nightmare ... This game is for massive online DSL junkies - for the rest of us , do n't waste your money .
 this is a good game but way too realistic i mean no cross hairs u die fast characters are slow and stiff if i wanted so much realism i would join the marine corp i just want to play a game this is stupid
 With the advent of Wii , Playstaion 3 and Xbox , why would you want to play this ? I threw it out years ago .
 Positives reviews are coming from RO forum fanboys , they are doing this game no favours , unless you are confident editing config files you will struggle to run game , there are still many bugs , if you have Zonealarm firewall forget it . the installer wont let you install on any drive but C , if you like FPS games you wont have much fun , its more like a sim with a massive learning curve , unless your going to spend all day trying to get some teamwork going your wasting your time.You need at least 19 '' monitor as anything smaller you wont stand a chance of seeing the enemy , theres only one type of gameplay -LRB- capture objective -RRB- Theres way too much artillery that kills you just as you spawn . Again if you like tactical realism try it , if you want a bit of fun give it a miss .
 Caveat Emptor ! the box , and indeed this website are misleading
 this game was just a waste of money to me . i was hoping for a great ww2 game , and what do i get ? first of all the system requirements are misleading . you need well above the minimum requirements to run this , and even then you might have some terribly long loading times . when i did get the game to run , what was i treated to ? huge maps and a tank . oh boy , how wonderful ! i remember this from a little game called call of duty
 do u need high internet speed to download this or can dial-up do the job ?
 Not disappointed in the game but the retail party that sold it ! . . This game was totally destroyed when I got it in the mail . How ever the cd 's did work so there for I did not return it . . because it was a gift for Christmas . .
 I enjoy first person shooters like DOD , CounterStrike , Battlefield . I got to tell you buying this game is a really bad idea . It so many bug in the game . People cheat
 Consider this review only if you are interested in a single person FPS game . Most reviewers seem to be playing online and it looks like a very good game from that perspective , but not as a single person game . This review is not of the game per se , only of its misrepresentation as a single person as well as an online game . I think that it is appropriate to rate it one star to alert people to its misrepresentation as a single person FPS game.Judging from the box this looked like a typical FPS with single person and multiple person modes . It is not . It is an online Internet game with a single person practice mode . Installing it was a pain and loading it was an even bigger pain . It slowed down my system and caused all sorts of problems . I finally had to un-install it.This may be a very good online game , and if that is what you want buy it , but if you prefer single person games look elsewhere .
 My daughter plays this game on an archaic computer -LRB- windows 98 -RRB- . We wanted to upgrade the game to play on newer computers . I specifically bought this game because it was advertised as being able to run on XP . We eagerly loaded the game when we received it and were saddened by the fact that it would n't run -LRB- although it installed with no problems -RRB- . Have n't been able to overcome the compatibility issues as of yet . My daughter is very disappointed !
 the cable is short and cheaply made.the stand is cheap and plastic ... i thought they were gnna make it so the cable fits in the stand . . stand its like 3 inches wide ... and weak , , CANT SUPPORT THE WEIGHT of the @ # $ % ing psp ! its worthless ... dont buy it .
 I can not figure out why people think this game is so great . I played the original halflife years ago and I thought it was ok , just ok . It has cheezy monsters , the graphics are outdated , game play is mediocre in my opinion . The controls do not work as smoothly as most games . I started playing opposing forces and I just can not get into it . A lot of the puzzles are illogical . With all the other games out today , I feel I wasted my money on this , even though there are five games included . So if you want an outdated mediocre game get this . I have played return to castle wolfenstein about 50 times , I am playing right now as matter of a fact and I still like playing it better than anything in halflife platinum . Maybe the halflife online games are good , I do n't know I do n't play games online . There you have it .
 I really did n't like this game , shoddy ai , blocky gfx , just a bad game all together .
 I wasted my money . This game is old and weak .
 This is a horrible game ... half life 1 is s * % t ! half life 2 is good , buy that . the graphics suck and the storyline and actual game is not fun to play
 You 're not going to be able to play this online right out of the box . You 're immediately forced to download Valve 's multiplayer client called Steam . This download , for all the games included here , is a WHOPPING 723 MB ! It does n't stop there , either . Each one of these games has patches that have to be applied , and each one is approx 64 MB!That 's just the tip of the iceberg . Valve offers NO tech support ! These ` community ' leaders expect the community to help you . IF YOU SCREW UP YOUR REGISTRATION KEY IT 'S OVER ! Do n't expect any help from Valve . They do not respond to tech support requests . Also , cheaters abound ! There are many ways to cheat . Valve has nothing to address the issue of cheaters . However , the community has stepped up to make mods to prevent cheaters , but as soon as they do , Valve steps up to undo what the community has done saying that only Valve has the right to provide anti-cheat patches . Some community , eh ? Here 's a capitalist telling everyone to act like communists , but the capitalist community leader fails to take any responsibility.SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME ! Just say no to this unethical business plan . There are other games that do n't play games with their ` community ' , and do n't expect the consumer to download countless patches immediately upon opening the box .
 My sister got this game when she was a kid , she never made it past the second level . I gave a crack at it and made it a little further . This game has a Very high difficulty after the first level . The Music and graphics however are quite good . I only suggest this game to hardened gamers that are lion king fans .
 I guess the people who like this game are kids , because this game was seriously not fun and was a boring stale platformer . There is really no fun to be pulled out of this mess and is basically devoid of clear objectives , interesting challenges , good gameplay , or a noticeable storyline . The graphics and character designs look great along with the environments along with some enemy designs . Unfortunately , all I found myself doing was collecting health , killing wierd and stupid enemies , and wondering what the hell I was supposed to be doing in this stupid game because apparently the developer did not make your objectives clear by some decision or another . So you 'll find yourself wandering a lot and trying to do a task all over again . This game is simply a chore and a nightmare to play . If you want to buy a good licensed game on a Disney movie , go buy the far better Aladdin game for SNES or Genesis .
 This is a horribly depressing game . Every time Simba dies , this pathetic music plays as Simba collapses.I never made it out of the first round either because all you can do is cub-roar and jump on things . I 'm being generous giving this 2 stars.Buy the movie , though , it 's an awesome movie but a terrible video game . You 'll bum your whole family out with the video game .
 If you are a computer expert , enjoy constant crashes and unavailable servers and your child has patience beyond belief then this is the product for you . This product does not work ! We spent a week trying to log on to the server which was down , then when we finally got on and registered the games and activites -LRB- which are no very good at all -RRB- take about 10 minutes to come up before you can play them . If you are hoping that you will be able to let your child play independently with this product , you better think again . You will be the one trying to navigate the instructions and reading the rules . Your child will be able to click every once in a while when you tell them to click on a certain item , but that is about it . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 I ordered this last week and upon arrival was very annoyed to learn that it does NOT come with instruction manuals . As well as this the box contained only four of the promised five games -LRB- cleopatra was missing -RRB- . If anyone has any idea what I can do to get a refund etc. please post a replythank you -LRB- do n't buy this unless you have access to the manuals ! -RRB-
 This addition to the original Command and Conquer
 this game has really cool graphics but it always freezes at a certain point and you have to start over unless you saved it . i really wish i had read the reviews before i bought it .
 This game is incredibly shallow and boring . By the time they had me looking for mushrooms I turned the game off and used the disk as a frisbee . Save your money and get Two Towers instead .
 I 'll keep it short -- Do n't bother . Compared to other recent games like Jedi Knight 2 , etc , this game is 5 years behind the times . The game engine is a clunker and the controls do not allow you to respond at the same rate as your adversaries . The Tolkien Estate should be ashamed ...
 I am a realy big fan of the lord of the rings , but I found the game to be borring and hard to controle . I did not like ANYTHING about this Game .
 Well , i was going to point out all of the flaws of the game , but it appears to have already been done multiple times . Also , it 's only the first book of the game ... which i guess i dont actually remember the names of the books now -LRB- read them 3 or 4 years ago -RRB- but i was expecting the whole story ... so just a warning if you are too lazy to look up which book is which like me . and as near as i can remember . . theres a lot of inconsistancies with the book ... it doesnt seem to really follow the story like ver well at all . and skips through big portions of the book . basically . . it appears to be totaly worthless . i guess the movies came out and they just threw together a game real fast without bothering to worry about gameplay issues .
 Who cares whether it follows the plot of the movie or the book ? It 's got terrible controls , very few options , stupid , repetitive tasks , a linear , shallow plot , and it 's ridiculously easy . This game totally blows .
 I have played the game before and it is a lot of fun , however , the game has refused to run on my current system -LRB- sli configuration -RRB- and this could be my computer 's fault as well as running Vista operating system .
 Easy to install , and easy to play , and plays well , but just not interesting . I gave up after about half an hour . Well perhaps it is just me so I gave it to my 10 year old and he also gave up on it . So it went to the donation pile .
 I found that this game is n't very easily understood . You have to search and scrabble for any answers that you may need . This game needs to have a page for others to view eachother 's findings . That would be a help . I enjoyed the books and movies , but the game is very frustrating to understand .
 i figured hey , its lord of the rings it cant be that bad . i was almost right . bad things are it takes a video card -LRB- which isnt all that cutting edge anymore -RRB- but still cost about $ 100 . and with that video card the graphs . are still very choppy and not that good . also , although im not a very good gamer i think they should make it easy enough to get past the ringwraiths in hobbiton . but from what i did play it was ok .
 Look , I bought this game because I love The Lord of the Rings , John Ronald Ruel Tolkien was a great guy . But this game sucks ! I 'll give it one for good graphics and environments , but it was just too easy ! You could flip through the levels in at the maximum in three days . What the hell is that ? It 's not at all challenging , and you can only play as Frodo , Mithrandir , and Elessar . If you want a good Lord of the Rings game , then buy the ones made by EA games . They are more challenging and cooler . This game is best for a seven-year-old . In conclusion , do not buy this game , but buy EA 's version .
 Gameplay was fun . But it was short . I was thinking about getting the two towers version of this . Now i 'm not . I felt like they watched the movie , picked out THREE key parts , made those into levels and that was about it ! You 've got , get out of the shire , get through moria , and then the game basically ends after you kill some orcs . NOT worth the money . I feel like this game played on the fact that there are tons of tolkien fans out there who would like to play a LOTR game . They capitalized on it , and were just out to make money . Should have rented it and beat it I guess . So what game play there was , was good . It was way to short . You do n't even get to use legolas gimli boromir , or anyone else . What would have been cool is something more along the lines of zelda -LRB- freedom to travel around -RRB- and having some sort of team battle , where you could switch who you wanted to control . The computer takes over for the others . I was disappointed in this game . I will be looking at other peoples reviews on the next two ... So sad .
 Well , having finished the game , I thought it only right that I share my opinion with those who might be ready to buy it . I am THOROUGHLY disappointed . I have completed the game in it 's entirety in less than 3 hours of gameplay ! The graphics are decent , but not that good and certainly not cutting edge . The cinematics are ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE . It 's hard to describe it , but they look almost foggy , as if someone smeared virtual vaseline on the virtual lens that was shooting them . I did n't have any high expectations for this game because I thought it would be like most movie-based games -- really , really bad . Well , I have to say that it sinks even below those expectations . I ca n't believe I paid -LSB- money -RSB- for this game . I feel dirty .
 This was a gift and I finally got around to installing it . Or I should say tried . I tried to run it on a laptop and 3 computers but the game will not start . Just a black screen.The one thing to be aware of is the fact that your monitor card has to be texture and lighting compliant . My nvidia quardo fx 1400 from some reason will not work.Also , note that Black Isle is dead and Vivendi has a not that they will no longer support this game.Do not buy it.If I ever get it running I will come back and change this review .
 Thank goodness I did n't pay for this game ; I bought it with a rebate offer . I could n't get the game to launch at all . My computer is adequate to run other games comparable to this game , but this game does n't seem to work with my computer . I have been able to run lots of other games until I tried to install this one . Poorly written game . I tried to install the patch and that did n't work , either . I put in so much effort to make this game run and it just would n't . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME unless your computer meets the specified requirement on the dot .
 This game has decent graphics but as someone else said before , The movements of the mouse are just clumsy and slow.It takes forever for Frodo to react when you try to make him move with the mouse.It seems as if he was running in slow motion.This is a great inconvenient when you are trying to fight and jump since he is much slower than the enemies.Also even though the game resembles the book more than the movie it gets actually boring at some points.Its so hard to make the characters move and run smoothely that it turns frustrating.Comparing to Alice , Undying or even Harry Potter this game is a major disapointment , I ca n't believe I paid 50 bucks for it !
 This is the worst game i have ever played . It has major probloms installing on XP . It took me an hour before i could even play . The controls are insane . You will often get stuck in the corner of a room . In the begining you must complete pointless quests to get useless items . I looked for a lost kid for half and hour and what is my reward . A mushroom !! I tried to explore the shire but whenever you take a few steps off the path there is an invisible wall . fighting is cheasy . you go through confusing mazes and hit spiders with sticks . no mater what haptens to your allies the will never die . All they seem to do is get lost . while in moria you can barely even see what your fighting . The voices are cheesy . The balrog is barely taller than gandalf and is easy to kill . The boss of the game is a ringwrath on a bird . While on the ground it does not even try to huryt you when it is in the air shoot it three times and the game is over . anyone who bought this game should return it like me .
 Honestly I am not jut being extreme ... this is one of the worst games I have ever played ! How can the people who made this sleep at night . I do n't own very many games and do n't play often but it only took me a little over five hours to beat this game and I only had to continue once or twice . The only part that took long at all was an annoying labryinth forest sequence where you have to navigate you way through an endless bore of woods . Honestly I had a feeling this game was going to be low-budget but I had no idea how bad it could be .
 This game is really bad ... i finished it in about 40 minutes ! It is completly linear , you cant go out of a guided path , and u dont even need to fight ... u can pass the whole game -LRB- except some `` bosses '' -RRB- RUNING ! Trust me it is so boring u will be angry about the LOTR name being used in such a bad game!I think Vivendi Universal should trust no1 but Blizzard to develope their games !
 Great when I had an Atari . Playability poor , Graphics OK , Spend your money on something else . With all the high quality games out there I was very disapointed in this product .
 I do not play RPG 's that often . In point of fact , this game was the first I have bought in almost 2 years . Anyway , I got through it in about 5 hours total playing time . It was fun for the Tolkien fan in me while it lasted , but I was shocked when the credits started to roll . Honestly , I started on a Friday night , played about 5 hours total though the weekend an finished with the Nazgul duel on the top of the mountain at 1:00 pm Sunday ! Not worth the price ! Although Moria and the Balrog battle was kinda cool . I did enjoy being Gandalf and using the spells on people . And , if you are having trouble getting out of the Shire , just keep trying ! Hint
 I 'll try to be nice and start with the good : There are parts of this game , visually , that are beautiful . I played it to the end just for that aspect alone . The graphics in all modes , whether you 're playing as FP , 3rdP or watching a cut scene , are very nice ... really beautiful . Moria was my favorite ; the Balrog and Gandalf 's fall into Shadow was cool.In many ways , it 's true to LOTR books and a nice way to learn the basic story if you ca n't / wo n't read the books . Also , there are parts of the books that you do n't get in the movies . Tom Bombadil -LRB- as annoying as he may be -RRB- and Narzil reforged being the biggest points . One quirky thing ... in the cut scenes , the characters look much different than the characters when you 're playing them ... which is odd . I found it funny that in the cutscenes , the Hobbits have curly hair -LRB- as Hobbits do -RRB- , but in the game , they all have staight hair ... in fact , everyone who has hair has straight hair.Here are the major downfalls ... some of which are maddening : The gameplay is shamefully bad ! Did no one test this game ? Shame on them ! First , you ca n't fight in FP mode , other than to use your alternative weapon -LRB- rock , bow , magick -RRB- . So , you 're forced to fight in 3rdP mode and suddenly the ` camera ' angle goes haywire ! You ca n't see who or what you 're fighting or suddenly there 's a tree or a wall in your way . This is inexcusable IMHO.Also , you ca n't choose which character you can play and there 's no changing the difficulty . You ca n't venture very far and just look around either = no replay value!Add on that the characters all move like they 're Cave Trolls on smack , and you 've got a recipe for disaster . No skill really required ... you keep pounding away at your mouse . Not so much fun or good for the hardware.If that 's not enough , I found the game to be rather buggy . Once in Moria Gandalf was stuck in a wall ... I could n't move and had to start over . It crashed my system many times and I have a ` stout-hearted ' system that even Samwise the Brave would admire.Also , there are times when you really do n't have to fight anyone at all to pass the level . This is especially ` helpful ' when you 're Frodo since he ca n't do much of anything . If you just run to the end , picking up Mushrooms , Cram and Lembas as you go , you can pass to the next phase . I did this several times with Frodo with the ghosts -LRB- Paths of the Dead ? -RRB- , the Orcs in Moria and the Urku-Hai just before the end . Why bother playing at all ? And what about the Ring , which I think I used once just to put the darn thing on a see what happens ! Who cares about gaining purity when you do n't have to use the Ring ?? The ` puzzles ' were laughably easy and the game was so short , I was angry that I 'd actually paid for this bundle of -LSB- junk -RSB- . It 's a total ripoff that completely takes advantage of the new generation of Tolkien fans that the movies have created . Obviously , Peter Jackson had nothing to do with the game.I 've played more engaging games on a Commodore 64 ! Bottom line
 The good parts of the game : The graphics in this game are n't bad , the equal of other games of this type . They 're nothing special , though , considering the system requirements on the game.The best part , however , is that you get to `` step into middle earth '' , and that 's wonderful for a die-hard LOTR fan like myself . You get to walk about the Shire , Barrow Downs , Bree , and Moria.You get the chance to play parts of the game as Frodo , Aragorn and Gandalf.The bad parts : The game is very short . It took me about 4 hours to complete the whole thing , and much of that was re-playing the hard parts until I could get past them.The areas , aside from the Shire and Moria are not very extensive . There are , for example , only two rooms in all of Lothlorien . Only one in Rivendell . This is sad because exploring the world of middle earth was the most compelling part of the game.This game is a strange cross between the movie , the book , and a script written specifically for the game . For example , do you remember the four hobbits beating up spiders with sticks ? Me either , but it 's in the game . How about when Sam was snatched by a flying Nazgul ? Frodo never has a conflict with Boromir , and Boromir never dies . Galadriel , acting as the narrator , simply says that `` The fellowship was successful , it brought the ring bearer to the edge of Mordor . `` The dialog between the characters , especially in the cut scenes , is not very well written . I got the impression that it was written for children.Of course , all of the plot points of the story are done in cut scenes . After all , you could n't allow Frodo to escape getting hit by the morgul-blade , or allow Gandalf to continue past Moria , that would change the story completely . This unfortunately , will leave you playing parts of the story that are n't that interesting.The game engine has some serious problems . The angle of the `` virtual camera '' frequently leaves you in positions where you ca n't see what 's going on . In combat , that can be a real problem . You can switch to `` First Person Perspective '' but that only allows you to shoot missile weapons and move , nothing else is allowed in that mode.When trying to escape the Shire , you have to sneak past all of the Nazgul . The problem is , if they see you , a cut-scene plays , then you get a screen saying you 've lost . Then you go back to the main menu , where you have to choose `` Load Game '' to start again . Since it 's so easy to be spotted , you end up going through that whole sequence over and over and over again until you get things exactly right . I found this to be frustrating.When you are travelling with the Fellowship , certain members will only be there for the cut-scenes . For example , in Moria , only Gandalf and Gimli are there for most of the game play . But , when the cut-scenes play the entire fellowship is there . Or , when fighting the Nazgul at the end -LRB- a game-only thing -RRB- you play the part of Aragorn , and when you hit it with the last arrow , suddenly the cut-scene begins and Legolas brings it down . You do all the work , and Legolas -LRB- who was n't even there to help you -RRB- gets the credit.I 'd only recommend this game to die-hard Tolkien fans . It 's not very well designed , and it 's very short . It 's only worth paying for if you REALLY like the story .
 If you are looking for a game that is true to the story -LRB- minus certain points that are also absent from the movie -RRB- , you will find this game to be a true adaptation . If you are looking for a game that is smooth to play and extremely enjoyable , regardless of your love of Tolkein , or lack there of , look elsewhere.Overall , there 's the rub . This game is primarily aimed for an audience who loves the Lord of the Rings and is looking to play it out on his PC.The game is cinematic , which distinguishes it from most adventure games on the market , which are aimed at hack and slash . You have a series of quests to complete , and they are played out , primarily , through the interaction with NPCs in the game.One of my biggest beefs , as a PC game , is you have to work with a variety of key strokes to get anywhere . Hooking the game up to the strategic commander made things easier , but there are far too many different elements to program to make this an easy bout . I can see where this game plays out much better on different types of consoles -LRB- Playstation , XBox , et al -RRB- . The graphics are fairly standard for games these days , but standard falls far short of games like Dungeon Siege , which makes this game a hard sell for non-Tolkien lovers.I am an avid fan of Tolkein , and I really enjoyed playing out his world on my computer . But , I can not give this game a great rating and hold onto my conscience.Rating : Graphics
 Do not buy this game if you have an older PC . I have 2 PCs and I could n't get it to run correctly on either . One of the PCs is less than a year old . When I wrote to the support people , they told me that the game does require a video card with at least 32MB of video memory -LRB- and other requirements -RRB- . Mine only has 16MB . To be fair , it does say that on the box -LRB- in the small print -RRB- . They should be required to put that in big letters on the front of the box . Especially since you ca n't return it once you 've opened it . I did go out and buy a new video card -LRB- PNY Verto with nVidia GeForce4 MX 420 w / 64MB of video memory -RRB- . Now the game seems to be running OK , but I have n't done much yet . It does look good once you get it running . I do n't think it 's for the hard-core gamer though .
 The best thing I can say about this game is that it is mercifully short -LRB- believe it when you read reviews that say 4-6 hours of gameplay max -RRB- . The user interface is terrible , the quests require no real strategy or gameplay skill , and the story was pointlessly altered . Even the cut scenes were bad . Half the scenes are animated , and half look like they were taken from that wierd 70 's LOTR movie/cartoon . This is a cash-in on the LOTR franchise . Avoid like the plague .
 This is the worst game i have ever played . I would rather play pong or space invaders on atari . Even after downloading the patch the sound still dose n't work right and it still freezes on the mines of moria . I think the challenge is not playing the game but figureing out how to make it work . I am an experianced gamer so i have a very good comp and have never had problems with any other game .
 Reviewed on a 1GHz , PIII with ATI Rage Pro 128 , 256M RAM.This is a joke , right ? We 're not seriously expected to pay for this program which would have been considered unimpressive five years ago . The graphics are mundane , the character movement is crude and awkward , it does n't play full-screen -LRB- it 's always in a window -RRB- . The cut scenes are played by 3rd rate amateur hacks with video/audio synchronization like a dubbed martial-arts movie . The third person view constantly blocks the objects your looking for and you ca n't change the view to be more overhead.The graphics are so crude the program should run smoothly on a 333MHz box but its really sluggish on my 1GHz . What 's it doing with all the cpu time ? Looking for extraterrestrial intelligence ? If Tolkein were alive this dross would n't bear the name of the Lord of the Rings!I expect more from Vivendi - much more !
 I 've played many different Lord of the Rings based computer games over the years and this one is really disappointing . The graphics of the game are quite good , the story is n't bad , but there is something lacking . If I had to say where the game went wrong I 'd have to say that it was to fast . Also , the AI is very poor , you can sit and shoot monsters with your rocks -LRB- Frodo -RRB- , arrows -LRB- Aragorn -RRB- , or spells -LRB- Gandalf -RRB- from a distance and they will stand there without moving until they die . If you want a real LOTR game go and find a copy of Interplay 's LOTR and the Two Towers -LRB- see if you are strong enough to defeat the Balrog without losing Gandalf -RRB- , ebay may have them -LRB- make sure they have the manual w / them -RRB- . The one plus about this game was I picked it up for 25 , @ gogamer.com which was n't that much of a waste of money as it would have been elsewhere .
 I have tried to load this game for months and I finally gave up!It made me so upset I had a nervous breakdown and was admitted to a mental ward , Where they put me in a padded room wearing a straight jacket , I 'm O.K. now , as long as I take my medication
 i do n't know if had a slwo system or the maneuraabilityh was hard to figure out.for a die hard LOTR fans , you 'd think they would have tried to make the characters look like the ones in the movie.movement was VERY limited . only two way . would have rather had the roundabout way . where you can see everything ... slowness is no good .
 THIS GAME LOCKS UP -- ALWAYS !! I HAVE TRIED TO GET HELP TO MAKE IT PLAY CORRECTLY BUT NO ONE SEEMED INTERESTED IN HELPING ME ! IT MIGHT BE A GOOD GAME IF IT WORKED BUT IT DOES NOT !!
 I got this 4/12 and played around with it . I did a save game and continued play . When I was caught in the shire by the blackrider I reloaded the game and got nothing but static for sound . Load saved game sound quality is absolutely horrible.I kept getting caught by the black rider and could not get past the first level . It seems like a fun game but I will be returning it in trade for something playable with better sound quality .
 Do n't waste your money on this game . I bought it based solely on how it looked on the tv commercials . The game only took me three days to beat and it seemed like it was out of the blue . I had no idea I was near the end . Besides that the plot was horrible . The fighting was ok but `` The One Ring '' played absolutely no role in the entire game ; I never had to use it once . I might have enjoyed the game a little more if it had n't been so terribly short . Save your money unless you want to buy it from me . -LRB- joke -RRB-
 This game took me 2 days to beat . It is very short . It is completely linear . And its buggy , crashed my system a few times and I have a high end system , only 3 months old.It was entertaining for those few short hours but it certainly wasnt worth -LSB- the money -RSB-
 Weak , bad controls , poor storyline -LRB- considering the source -RRB- overall nothing more than a travisty . If it was n't titled LOTR I would have burned it in effegy
 Met all system req , yet after selecting start new game , just flickers and screen goes back to `` desktop '' .
 This game was way too easy . It took only a few hours to complete . Not much of a challenge for experienced gamers . Graphics are good , as are sound effects and music .
 Vivendi Universal should hang it up with making PC games , ever since they took over Sierra they have been turning out bad games , this one is one of them . the graphics are medicore , the sound is awful , and game play is boring , I would rather watch TV or surf the web than to play this .
 ... . The graphics are decent but the gameplay was terrible . First they send you around the shire doing dumb little jobs . Not a very exciting way to start a video game . Then you have to escape from a black rider . This is really stupid because you have to stay like 25 feet away from him but the game places you about 5 feet away from him . Then you run around fighting enemies that are just too easy . Most of the levels are extremely pointless . In one level they actually have you finding lillies . -LRB- I 'm serious -RRB- All in all a very forgettable game ...
 With the simply massive world of Middle-Earth , one would expect that any games based in that world would give you at least SOME freedom or nonlinear gameplay opportunities . Unfortunately , this game goes against such expectations . There are quite literally only 1-2 paths for every segment of the game . Sometimes you can not even climb some hills or walk beyond a certain point in a grass field , the boundaries are so restrictive . The content remains fairly weak as well . Graphics are decent , but nowhere near jaw-dropping . Sound is not even worth noting . Fighting with Frodo grows dull , and fighting with Gandalf 's magic is too gimped . The various fights while playing Aragorn are , in my opinion , the only pluses of the entire game . Nontheless , that bumps my rating to a 2 .
 Hated this game . Even after you download the Patch there are a lot of bugs in this game . There is no plot to this game , just a lot of shooting . I was stuck in one part of the game -LRB- the willow tree -RRB- for over two hours because when you use a mouse the movements are too jerky to shoot your target . The game is just running and shooting . What happened to good adventure games ?
 Well , I recieved this game for Christmas , and I had high expectations . Since I had a new computer , the game was easy to install and it ran fairly well . As it has been said - the game was kind-of easy and the plot was slightly warped in a few places . However , my brother and I -LRB- who beat the game in a day -RRB- found the game amusing and we liked playing it while it lasted . However , dispite the fact it was an okay game -LRB- not great , but okay -RRB- , it still was n't worth the money my relatives paid for it . The game had several glitches - and my brother and I found some very amusing . For example - when all of you enemies suddenly freeze , as if they do n't know you 're there and they do n't recognize you as an enemy . Well , sure - we knew this was n't suppose to happen , but you have to admit that it was slightly entertaining seeing how many arrows could be lodged in their heads -LRB- they would n't die , either -RRB- . Also - we found that if we were on MSN Messenger , and someone messeges us while we were playing the game , the game would shut down and have an error - losing your spot in the game unless you had saved . Overall , this game was alright , but it did n't quite live up to my expectations .
 Ok , firstly , i would like to comment on the good parts of this game . 1 . The front of the box is well designed and would look good on my wall.Now that I 've got that covered , lets go on to the bad things :1 . The game will not install . Now , I DO have the system requirements . My Computer
 There are n't enough adjectives in the english language to explain how bad this game is . First of all , it 's apparent right away that this game was rushed into production . On occasion , the game simply shuts down for no reason . God forbid you should try to alt + tab to another program w / the game paused ... it shuts itself down to be safe . The feedback in your speakers from the poor sound quality gets old fast . But , the worst part is , the game is WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too easy and way too short . I could n't believe the game was over after about 8 hours of play . This game takes full advantage of the hype surrounding both of the LOTR movies and borrows on that hype to get people to buy the game . Unfortunately , the game just plain ... -LSB- very very not nice -RSB- .
 Weak game . They are simply making money off of the name . If you are looking for a good RPG game , this is n't it . I am also getting the blue screen of death while playing this game . Buy something else like Dungeon Siege which was GREAT !!!
 This game is not the Movie Official Video Game , it is a gamed based on the book by J.R.R. Tolkien , it will never be as good as the offical game of the movie `` THE TWO TOWERS '' one , check it out and compare.Don ' t be fooled and never ever waste your money in a worthless game , unless you are a trully LOTR fan and do n't complain if the game is boring and really bad .
 The movie was bad but the game is much much worse !! I ca n't believe this is even going to be released , what an embarassment to the company ! Oh my word , I 've never played such a awful game in my meaningless existence .
 It looks like lots of lord of the rings stuffs are coming out and here we have a game . It looks real cool on the outside but inside is a different dimension.The biggest problem of the game is that this game has no main dish . What it means is that it 's kind of hard to tell what this game 's real genre is.It 's looks like action -LRB- beating up monsters -RRB- but there are n't any real attack combos or sword tricks or any intense moves . And the other one is that battles and sword fights are just too simple . When you meet some scary looking monsters on your way you just place your character facing that monster and just keep clicking the mouse with not much thinking until that monster hits it 's face one the ground.And there are simple range attacks so if you have time you just need to shoot and feed those monsters with arrows while they 're coming to get you and when they get close you just do that simple sword excersice I mentioned.And there are magic attacks but most of them are not so effective so you only use one or two for battle.And the bad camera view really adds furstration to the game -LRB- the characters keep blocking your way so it 's sometimes hard to see where you 're going -RRB- . Oh , lost your health during the last battle , then you can find some healing stuff lying around somewhere . And you can find some more after few battles later and some more after battles and some more after battles and more and more and more ... -LRB- that means the game 's not much challenging -RRB- And it looks like an adventure game if look at it at a different angle -LRB- because of the weak action -RRB- . But it just do n't look like one because there ai n't no challenging puzzles or path finding or anything.And level designs , just not done with much creativity.Finally the violence part . This game is not very violentive -LRB- ok , it 's violentive sometimes -RRB- and has some blood but not very real looking -LRB- only few big blood drops goes flying in the air -RRB- Overall , not the kind of game that makes up to it 's name.But the short movies in the game and charaters talking in games are GOOD , but gameplay is not that fun . So wait for Two Towers , it should be better .
 This game is terrible . Vivendi Universal took one of the greatest storys ever told and ruined it . The character models are cartoon-like , the textures are poor , the voices are laughable and the gameplay is not much better . I 'm a die-hard Toklien fan and I still hate this game . Stay away from this game at all costs .
 I 've had LOR : The Fellowship of the Ring for PC since last Christmas and it blows.I was really disapointed . The gameplay was weak and there was little action till you got to Moria and even then it was weak . If you like fist pumping action I do not recommend this . The Two Towers is way better . I also forgot to mention it is based on the book , not movie .
 This game was not what i suspected and that was a bad thing . Game is like nothing of the book and or movie . this game almost put me a sleep . Only good thing mentioning is the graphics there good but everything els could and should be remade or fixed . For god shakes put legolas in !
 Well , after 3 weeks of trying , I finally got ahold of this game . To start with , it barely works . I had to go through with alot of troublejust to get this thing to start . I had to use two different computers , and I soon found out why . The game is n't compatible with oneof the most popular video cards in america , Nvidea . But about the game , the graphics and music are both really , really good.The gameplay can potentially get to the point where you can have a decent amount of fun , and it follows the story pretty well.But once it comes to the bad parts of this game , I have plenty to say . First off , they miss key elements and parts from the book and the movie.I remember in moria I got to Balin 's tomb , that 's the famous scene in the movie where the fellowship fights the giant cavetroll and all the orcs.And I was expecting some action . But I was very suprised to see that you do n't get to participate in the battle , in fact , you do n't even get acutscene . According to this game , that whole scene never happened . And do n't think you get to explore anywhere interesting . Just to give you a sample of howpatheticly lazy the game developers are , there is only one room in ALL of lothorien . ONE ROOM . Same for Rivendell . It 's as if the game developers are just thinking : `` Yeah , yeah , yeah you 're in Rivendell Blah blah . I 'm sure you do n't want to participate in the battle in balin 's tomb . Who would ? '' Because of this , the game isonly maybe 5 hours long if you played it before . You only get half a game . Aside from that , the game crashes ALL the time . Every time I enter a new area , there is a 4/10 chance the game will crash , and I 'll have to bring up task manager and shut the game down . I am 100 % positive that they only ranthrough this game ONCE after it was ` done ' . And you may think controling Gandalf and Frodo and Aragorn is fun and cool , but you are way off the mark . As Frodo you can use the ring to turn invisible at will.cool huh ? If only it had a purpose.In the xbox version , you could use the ring to find secret areas with hidden bonuses , but even then you do n't use it much . Plus , when you do use the ring , -LRB- Just for fun , not because you would need to . -RRB- You can see Frodo 's eyes through the back of his head . Creepy . And if you 're experienced enough , or if you just practice , you can just pick off the enemies anyway . Honestly if I was Frodo , and I did n't know any better , I might accidently toss the thing in the donation pile by mistake.As Aragorn , there 's not much to say . It 's pretty much the same as controlling Frodo , although you DO get a Bow and an infinite supply of arrows , but they can be hard to use . As Gandalf you have a couple of spells you can use . But most of them are almost worthless . The only two spells that you actually need are lightning and heal . Thats it . And if you 're well supplied on healing items , you do n't even need heal . There is one spell that makes one enemy attack other enemies . I 've seen this a hundred times before . Why make enemies attack each other when you can just take them out with lightning or your sword . And the ending is WAY too easy , so do n't expect to be impressed.So let 's look at what your paying for as a whole : Pros : Great graphics , great sound , follows the story somewhat well.Cons
 Absolutely disappointing . Terrible graphics , slow , controls are weird ... it just goes on and on . For good LOTR games , check out the Battle for Middle Earth and The Hobbit .
 This game is ... . Aweful . It 's like Tomb Raider mixed with Pong . It 's buggy . The game itself is terrible . Do n't waste your time .
 My husband and I have spent so many hours playing this game it is n't funny . We can not even get past what we are terming the second level . We have n't even made it out of Bag End to go on the Quest ! The graphics are nice and after you get use to switching camera angles it is easy to use . But we are also having problems with the system requirements - which we DO have as our computer is only a year old - but when we try to use the Ring it throws us out of the whole game ! Stay away buyers !
 I had high hopes for the whole LOTR Enterprise . Being a fan of the books for many years , I have high expectations for the films . I was hoping the the games would be a bit more than a hack & slash action game , there is no element of adventure in this game at all . Lord of the Rings game should always be a bit more involving than this load of total waste of hard drive space . This game is an complete insult to the whole Tolkien Enterprise . If you 've bought this , wrap it up , send it to Vivendi expressing how crap you think it is . The control system is a joke , the gfx are ok , the gameplay element is non-existent , some of the bosses are easy , some of them are impossible . I 've not bought the other games yet , but they had better be an improvement on this or I 'll be sending a strongly worded letter to the game creators ...
 This game is too easy , you can beat in in less than 2 hours . Hint
 I really gave it a try . I spent a long time just trying to get out of the Hobbit Hole in the beginning , then I had to get to The Green Dragon but could n't find it . I love The Lord of the Rings and this game was a disapointment . Now do n't think I did n't have the system requirements , because nothing was wrong in that area . The game was just designed weird . For instance , you had to watch the little introduction every time you started a game . I definitely do not reccomend this game . It 's boring .
 This game is good if you like to sleep or if you played TwoTowers 1 billion times already and want different missions.Never even passed the first level .
 I have played other LOTR games before , including The Hobbit for Gamecube , but I could n't enjoy this game.The first disadvantage is when you first start the game . A long ctscene plays , and every two to three seconds , the screen flashes white , which causes splitting headaches for people with eye problems.You also must use a keyboard to play , which is extremely difficult ; I ca n't even get out of Hobbiton without falling off a bridge . The game does n't support gamepads -LRB- special controllers that you can plug in to your computer to play a game -RRB- , and if it had , the gaming experience would be easier.The graphics are choppy , which also tend to hurt your eyes occasionally . Sometimes , when you 're walking around , it 's hard to tell where you 're going as trees and such sort of flash by.There are two advantages , however , for this game . One is that it does n't take as long as other PC/Mac games to install , and the other is that this game is purely based on the LOTR books , not the movies , so that you feel like you are playing the original adventure.Overrall , get this game if you are a die-hard Tolkien fan , but keep in mind that there are more disadvantages than advantages to playing it .
 Almost a total waste of 8 hours . The story follows the book and the graphics are mediocre -LRB- when they are not exhibiting bugs -RRB- , but I would have rather just watched the game cut scenes and not wasted my time . Go buy something else . This game would get no stars if that was an option !
 The people from Vivendi Universal should be shot . They should be shot before they disgrace Lord of the Rings further by actualy making games of The Two Towers and Return of the King.This is a game that had limitless potential , in fact half of the work on the game was already done by JRR Tolkien . Story line , setting , plot , characters -LRB- good and evil -RRB- . This is a game that had so much potential that you could do anything with . The story behing warcraft is just a crude copy of Tolkien -LRB- men , elves , and orcs cmon guess who created them . -RRB- I 'll bet you the at Blizzard or any other game studio would have killed to have the licence to Middle EarthVivendi Universal has only taken advantage of JRR Tolkiens fans , by luring them into a false sense of security telling us that its officialy Tolkien Enterprises and then stealing our money.To round things off i would like to say that the moment you install that game you will experience problems with your ENTIRE computer -LRB- first they rob us then sabbotage us ! maybe they hoped that if crashed our computer we couldnt play game and realize how bad it is . -RRB- Honestly , from the moment that cd went into the cd-rom drive i have hd nothing but problems . I uninstall the game and its like my pc recovers instantly from the black plague . Honestly!My final advice is this . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !! UNDER ANY CIRCAMSTANCES !!
 I was one of those people who saw and loved `` The Lord of the Rings
 I found that the instructions are not as clear as could be ... It took me a while to find the true navagation and I do not really have it now.I found that the `` rebate offer '' was a bit deceiving also , I bought thinking that it would be free after rebate , I did not see or realize that I had to buy a `` Turbo Tax '' product to get the rebate . I have the Turbo Tax already , so I am inelegible for the rebate .
 I have n't really played that much of the game but the graphics are Terrible ! For a game made from the books it 's pretty acuret as far as the story-line but it could be MUCH better.If all you want is a computer game look at the books it does n't seem that bad but your missing tons of cool stuff that 's in the books .
 This game is n't worth reviewing , but when I saw it had cumulative rating or 2.5 stars I had to chime in . THIS IS A ZERO STAR GAME . It belongs in the five dollar bin next to `` Babbar and the Math Monkey '' . I have no idea what the people giving it high star ratings are comparing it to , but it 's not the top sellers most gamers play . The developers are banking on the popularity of the movie to sell this joke of a game which , by the way , does n't take much longer to finish than watching the movie.Vote with your wallet and get a `` Fellowship of the Ring '' DVD instead -- or any other Peter Jackson-based product . Then maybe we 'll have more great movies and fewer -LSB- bad -RSB- games .
 My wife bought this game with a rebate , so that the net cost to us was nothing , and I still feel like we were taken . The game is entirely linear , and you 're given five stupid tasks even before you leave the Shire.The controls are poor , and not intuitive . The game moves slowly . And if you run into a dark rider , you do n't fight him , the game just ends.The one positive is that the graphics are well done.If this were a different title , no one would ever buy it . It 's a crime to give this game the same title as Tolkien 's books .
 ... I 've just got to say , avoid this game . Short and buggy gameplay . Definately needs a patch and 10-15 expansion packs to be a reasonable game ... ... i think i 'll just drop the game .
 Being a big fan of Tolkein 's work and knowing that this game was based on his `` literally '' work , I rushed to get this game with excitement.The PC version of the game which I got was just so disappointing that I am in disbelief.Here are the problems with the game in no particular order : GAME ENGINE ; this refers to the PC version of the game so keep that in mind . The engine of the game that controls the camera angels and movements of characters is so poor and buggy that I am shocked this game was released in the first place . The camera veers off to a tree top while you are fighting a gang of Orcs and Trolls leaving you at their mercy while you are frantically trying to see where you are slashing !! BAD CINEMATICS
 This game is a mockery of the LOTR image that we have all come to love . By exagerating miniscule details to try and tell a story , you are lost in a lump of hard to see and just plain stupid puzzles and games . You would be better off watching paint dry then playing this game . Do yourself a favor , get Two towers or return of the king , you will not be unhappy with those purchases . This game is seriously making Tolkien roll over in his grave .
 This game was the most frustratingly annoying purchase I have ever made . After carefully confirming that my computer met or exceeded all of the listed requirements , I happily trundled home from the store with my new game , ready to install and play . But NOOOOO . First , I learn that the README files require XP users to install SP1 for DirectX 8.1 b . That took me 144 minutes to download . Then I had to download the patch from the technical support web site . Another 33 minutes . BUT IT STILL WO N'T RUN ! So I email tech support and they tell me that LOTR runs heavy on Hardware T&L technology , and my video card does n't support this . What garbage ! My computer is less than a year old and I have to buy a whole new card to run a game ? Come on , Black Label Games , please make products that work for the general public and their average computers , not just for geeks . The upshot for my sad story is that I will be returning this game and getting my money back , asap . Unless you have a video card that loves Hardware T&L , I suggest that you do n't buy this product , it will only lead to frustration and wasted time online . Too bad , too . I really looked forward to playing this game .
 I installed the game . When I double-clicked to run it , nothing happened . Absolutely nothing . No error messages . Nothing . Their `` 24/7 '' technical support said to download a 26 Megabyte patch !! I have downloaded it four times -LRB- 2.5 hours each time -RRB- , and the patch executable wo n't even run . I told them about this problem , and they have yet to even acknowledge that they received my email . I recommend you avoid this one .
 Please save your money and do not buy this game . If you want a good LOTR game buy the two towers for any platform . First off I had problems with sound -LRB- I have sb live plat 5.1 -RRB- so if it does n't work well for sound blaster what does it work well for . The graphics are okay , but being as how the gameplay is LAME and the quests you get are lame . . do not buy this . They took a good story and went off in the wrong direction . I ended up returning this after giving it a decent chance -LRB- even with the sound problems -RRB-
 Even though Lord of the Rings will be an awesome game , once you beat it , there will be nothing more to do . It seems like one of those games with absoultely no replay value ... . One way to fix taht would be to support online gaming , however this game does not do so ... . therefore its one of thsoe games taht u beat in about 2-3 weeks ... and then it gets to collect dust on ur shelf ... . anyway , it still looks like an awesome game , for the amount of time it will last !
 To those who say it follows the story , when the Hell did Sam get captured by a flying Nazgul?What a joke . They butchered the story as well .
 Can you play LOTR
 Ges I do n't really play that many games but I 'm not that bad at it . The only thing this game has suceeded in is wrecking my head , I think I may need some serious help after it ... What 's the story , there are way too many boundries and hey if Froda ca n't run up a bloody hill then how in God 's name is he going to get the ring destroyed . And what about that bloody TREE , I feel like putting my hand through the screen and killing OLD MAN WILLOW myself cos Froda has no hope ... . Overall the worst game I 've ever tried to play
 This game is a flat out dud .
 I only just received this game via UPS a few days ago and already I am highly disillusioned and highly tempted to put the game away or sell it to an ` action genre ' -LRB- which is what this game really seems to be more of -RRB- fan and rue the loss of what might have been a truly fantastic game . I have been a Tolkein fan since 1967 -LRB- long , long ago -RRB- and when I read the hype on this game and how it stuck to the books by Tolkein -LRB- upon which I wrote my college English lit thesis -RRB- I decided that this was an adventure game that I really wanted to have . At the beginning of the game we find Frodo running ` helter skelter ' all over the Shire doing mundane ... tasks NOT found in the books . Finally , we finish with that and head to Bywater , very short and sweet and wonder what that was all about . We head back to Baggend to retrieve the Ring and to hand over the key to Mr. Gamgee which is the beginning of the action genre . From that point on , I found that I , as Frodo , was totally unable to get out of the Gamgees front yard before I was ` killed ' by a Black Rider -LRB- after the 7th death , I called it quits and headed here -RRB- . Secondly , we have far too many keyboard , mouse and mouse + keyboard controls and are not given any where near the time to learn all of the controls before the attacks begin and we find ourselves in need of controls that up until now have n't even been used in the game . Unless you are really an action fan and do n't mind lots of controls and have an excellent memory and extremely dexterous fingers , I would say
 First , this game is ridiculously short . I 've played demos for longer than it took me to finish this game . In addition to being short it has no replayability value because the action is entirely linear . The `` labyrinth '' of Moria is laughable , since there is basically only one way you can go 90 % of the time ! Outdoor levels have steep hills and trees everywhere so you are pretty much forced to follow obvious paths through much of the game . Fighting enemies involves clicking the mouse button while standing in front of them -LRB- moving around increases your effectiveness , but is not really necessary -RRB- . The AI is practically prehistoric . There are a few puzzles in the game , but they are not imaginative enough to spark much interest . Anyone over the age of 5 should be able to figure them out in short order , especially with the on screen hints that pop up . The dialogue written for the cutscenes is horrible , and generally poorly delivered . The graphics are generally adequete , but they are ruined by a poor execution of the third-person view which goes completely wacky in any type of close quarters . Half of the fighting in Moria involves just blindly clicking the mouse button while the graphics on the screen go haywire . -LRB- of course , blindly clicking still dispatches of all the bad guys -RRB- . Adding the the problem is the characters are incapable of looking up or down beyond a fairly limited angle . In other words , you ca n't look very far up at the sky or down into a valley . This is immensely frustrating on the mountainous levels and particularly on a certain level that involves fighting a flying beast.Even if you are a fan of the books or movies , do n't waste your money on this pathetic excuse for a game .
 Even on fully loaded , fast processing computers this game is riddled with installation and run-time problems . I have tried installing and playing this game on a new laptop computer with Windows XP , my home computer with Windows 2000 , and another home PC that has handled running over 50 games . I have never yet had such problems trying to run a game on a PC . I realize that the Software Company provides a game patch for many of the bugs in this game , but I do n't know if they considered that most customers do n't have super-computers with the latest model video cards . I am very disappointed and am anticipating EA releasing a better version in the next year.The game looked great . What a disappointment this game has been .
 I ordered this for our seven year old grandson but he has not been able to use it yet . There should be a hard copy of the instructions included . I am not real computer savey so it would make it a lot easier for us novices ! Amazon continues to be the BEST place to order just about anything . Always great service at great prices !!
 I have never in my life owned a more useless , annoying piece of software . I downloaded the patch and it made things even worse . No matter what scenario I tried to play , I got crashes and freezes or distortions to the visual effects . If you want something that 's going to make you grit your teeth and want to punch the walls , just visit your inlaws - at least when they tick you off it does n't cost you anything .
 It 's interesting to a certain point , but there are several bugs within the game and the overall game play is very boring . You do the same thing over and over . I got this as a gift , otherwise I would have never bought it .
 I am a big fan of super nintendo games however , this game does not really matchup the graphics are iffy at best , and the game play is Terrible
 I read in a magazine once that Midway 's War Gods did n't do well at all in the arcades , and judging from the PlayStation counterpart of the original coin-op , I 'm not surprised . Not only are the graphics mediocre for a PSX game , but the sound effects are also rather typical and rather unimpressive , and the music is some of the most disappointing fare one could ever hear from a video game . The gameplay , however , is perhaps the worst aspect of War Gods , as its controls are nearly identical to those of the Mortal Kombat series . Likewise , the attacks are similar to those found in MK , from the projectiles to the simple melee maneuvers such as shoves , sweeps , and uppercuts . Even the fatalities do n't attract that much attention or otherwise add anything to the game . The only thing left worth noting are the characters , who all still lack the personality of other PSX fighting game personalities -- especially those from such game lines as Bloody Roar , Soul Blade/Soul Calibur , and Battle Arena Toshinden . Throw in the fact that players ca n't save any unlockable secrets to a memory card , and you 've got one of the blandest bloodfests ever to hit a personal game console.Trust me , I really wanted to enjoy this game , but all that happened in the end was that I got rid of the thing . I did n't even keep it as an audio CD , as I usually do with most of the poor games I end up buying for my PSX and end up not playing -LRB- After all , I DID say the music was a disappointment . -RRB- . In short , my gaming experience with Midway 's War Gods was a big bore and nothing more , and I advise all other PlayStation owbers to stay away from this one at all costs .
 The graphics are terrible . The story just plain stinks . I bet that it was ment for people who had trouble sleeping and were desperate enough to try and bore them selves to sleep . You 'd have to be an old man Brian like me to like this . I bought 4 copies of this because I thought that it would be a hit like Prunes are . I 'm 65 years old and I still play video games . I have to admit that it is better than Pin Ball , it 's not worth a penny .
 Like it or not , NBA Hang Time is basically NBA Jam with a new name . And NBA Jam TE is actually better . Get NBA Jam TE instead .
 What the ad does n't tell you is that this CD is for WINDOWS 3.1 or WINDOWS 95 !! Not compatible with modern operating systems.Return was complicated and hardly worth the effort.Lots of paperwork and small print.We 'll see if my card gets credited ...
 I got this game with something else I was buying on Amazon just to qualify for the $ 25 purchase for free shipping . Complete garbage . Maybe good to use in the elementary school or developmental disabilities facility to teach to play poker -LRB- do n't know why you would need to -RRB- . It 's you vs. 4 poorly drawn stereotypes of crummy players in a hold em tournament , that 's it . No modes , no high scores , no career modes , no anything . Just because I spent $ 3 on it , I sat through it once - beat the entire tournament in under 1 hour without much hardship and threw out the disk with the game .
 National Lampoon is the type of game that after 20 minutes or so makes you think , `` I want my money back '' . Alas , since I had read up on some previews before purchase I was disappointed to see it suffered from false advertising . Gamespot , for example showed preview pictures of students seen in a sim like manner and summarized it : '' Create your own campus environment , complete with wild parties , beautiful girls , and plenty of alcohol . '' Well sure you can zoom in close and see that , but what is the point ? This is not a `` The Sims '' type game ; you do not control the characters what so ever . They do not have personalities and interact with you . Like Theme Park World or Zoo Tycoon , they are simply consumers with certain demands.There are 5 types of students and 4 sub types that are similar but prefer something a touch more or less . Jocks , preppies , nerds , hotties , and outsiders . Building different sorority/fraternity houses allows them access to your campus . Each of the types has something that is very wanted , some of which overlap with other types . For example , Jocks want to eat a lot and nerds love pizza . So the pizza restaurant takes care of both these needs . They all kind of act the same , walk the same , talk the same but maybe this one drinks 1/8 less than this one . Gets pretty repetitive and boring and I found myself wishing I could `` get rid of some of them '' . Here the game takes a genius turn , saving it from being a complete atrocity
 This game was overly simplistic with the effect that I was bored out of my wits within an hour of game play . The graphics are poor and the game lacks any intuition whatsoever . Very repetitve and boring .
 This game is horrible . I saw it at Best Buy for $ 9.99 so I grabbed it thinking it would have depth like most of the Tycoon series . I was sadly mistaken.It has 1 dimension of things you can do and that is about it.Don ' t waste your money .
 i bought this game thinking it would be similar to the rollercoster tycoon / sim games . and it was , only harder to use and the graphics were something one would expect 10 years ago . it was very difficult to zoom in and out , make money , do anything !! and there was n't much point in trying because it did n't do anything . grr !!
 Unfortunately this game was not done cooking before it was shipped . Although it is barely playable they obviously had a lot more work to go . It is quite annoying when game companies give up on a title half way through and sell it anyway rather than give the programmers a few more months to finish the game . It seems to happen a lot with `` Value '' titles and in particular tycoon games which do n't have the biggest audience to begin with . Save your money , Spring Break or Roller Coaster Tycoon -LRB- 1 or 2 , not 3 -RRB- .
 In their quest for ever more intrusive advertising , Sierra and Irrational Games have stooped to a new low . After applying version 1.1 of the patch for this , one of the changes in the patch update was ` Added Massive Streaming Ad Support ' . What is this ? Well ... Everytime you run the game , Swat 4 Stetchkov Syndicate contacts a server and downloads advertisments that show up on posters and signage inside the game world . In addition , everytime you run the game and how long you play is sent off to this server , most likely to measure the effectiveness of the advertisements and collect stastics about your personal playing habits . And even more insidious , the game keeps track of how long your character in this first person ` shooter ' has an advertisement within your view . The number of seconds is reported back to the advertisement server , perhaps as a way to charge advertisers for ` eyeball ' time.Other than modifying your windows ` hosts ' file to disable the servers it contacts , there is no way to opt-out of this . Examination of the network traffic to the adserver includes some encrypted data . Therefore it is not possible to know what , if any , personal information is being sent to the ad servers .
 You can not play online this game any more.GameSpy CLOSED the MasterServer.http : / / www.gamespyarcade.com/support/Hey GameSpy Fans!We are sad to say that it 's time to say good-bye to GameSpy Arcade and GameSpy Arena . We will no longer be providing any support to these products or services . While they are still open to use if you wish , they are offered `` AS-IS '' and will not be supported.We ca n't thank you enough for your years of loyalty to these GameSpy products!P.S . If you were looking for login support for your game , head back over to your Game Publisher 's support site . They will support your in-game login .
 part ONErun do n't waste your cash , -- unless you enjoy cheesy grafics , lame musice bad sound effect , hard to control , non intesting , frustrating , -- get the ideal -- PART 2 is -- AWESOME !!! -- 3rd person overhead you control full team - Red alert stylePART 3 ----- EVEN BETTER ----- 1st person shotter -- great online gami -- er was years ago , dont know about now -- winnable -- at least over half of it without codes -- very intense an very fun -- great mods onlinePART 4 ------ OVERKILL -- harder to learn movments and commnds , more details , slightly better grafics -- nearly impassable missions -- very disappointing ------------ Jason age 31 love games -- still
 Pros : The new maps and features are very good . If you liked Swat 4 , you will like the expansion pack . Almost all of the new maps are pretty big , which is nice.Cons : The spyware is not a good feature . See K-Bass 's review if you do n't know what I am talking about . If the game were slightly less fun , the spyware would be enough to convince me not to buy it at all.There are quite a few new maps , which is good . My only gripe is that there should have been more maps in the original game . I hate it when you buy a video game like Swat 4 which has only a small number of maps , and you have to buy an expansion pack to make it seem like a full game .
 I like this game , at first . THere are many good elements , the cereberal bore , which drills out guys brains , and turrut guns , and bear traps . All in all , this game is to violent for younger gamers , it can get pretty boring one player , but the multiplayer is the best feature , if friends are always over , get it , if your looking for a good 1 player game , stay away
 I played this game a total of 40 minutes before I gave up on it . The graphics are poor , the gameplay is difficult , the controls are bad , the concept is bad . I absolutly hate this game . I found it hard and somewhat boring to play . Though games I would recomend would be ; Perfect Dark , 007 Golden Eye , Army Men Sarge 's Heroes 2 , Duke Nukem 64 .
 I loved the first two Turok games . I rented this one , and have hesitated to buy it since I usually play games alone . I was correct in not buying it . It was pretty bad for the one player version . The graphics were fuzzy and it was way too dark -LRB- no matter how much I turned up the brightness on the game . Maybe I need the expansion pack . It was pretty boring in the single player mode .
 WARNING ! WARNING ! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT TO FINISH IT ! There is a GLITCH in some versions of the game that PREVENTS you from winning in the two-player `` trial '' mode -LRB- the game itself -RRB- . Man , do n't they TEST a game before releasing it ! ALL software companies , not just Acclaim , but EVERYONE , should follow in Blizzard Entertainment 's footsteps and TEST , TEST , TEST a game until they 're ABSOLUTELY SURE that it 's done ! I do n't CARE how long a product takes to be released , as long as the end product is BUG-FREE ! So now you ask , `` Why did you give the game 2 stars instead of one ? '' Because other than the glitch -LRB- which completely spoiled the game for me -RRB- , the game is pretty decent in two-player deathmatch play . BUT , expect to get frustrated A LOT on single player trials , especially the `` Tag the Monkey '' mode of play -LRB- which is where the TWO-PLAYER GLITCH comes from -RRB- . PLUS , the `` Capture the Flag '' mode is LAME . Believe me , if you own a computer -LRB- and if you 're reading this , you must -RRB- , I seriously recommend Unreal Tournament instead . Do n't waste your hard-earned money on an UNFINISHED and GLITCHED product .
 This game 's graphics stink . It was way too hard , and the characters moved way too fast . I do n't recommend this game to anyone .
 Some gamers like my self do n`t always play MultiPlayer.So the MP playing is good but not Single player just running around killing computer Bots is boring.The main game was alright and going up against a `` boss '' -LRB- A leader of the bad guys who is hard to beat -RRB- was challenging the hardest are Bastille , Syra and Tal-Set beating Tal using Torok unlocks raptor who can only stab its victims to death.A good selection of guns my favorate the freze gun and Insulater because , first i freezw the enemy then i shoot the Insulater at her/him and he/she starts blowing up like a baloon and the skin gets week so BOOM SPLAT he blows up and his/her flesh is every where.These were the only good points in the game but nowhere as fun as Turok : Dinosaur Hunter because its more adventurious.I have got a PS2 , GC and N64mY TOP 3 GAMES ON n64 ARE1 -RRB- 007 GoldenEye2 -RRB- Turok : Dinosaur Hunter3 -RRB- Super Mario-64bye
 Of all the shooting games in the world , this is the absolute worst ! The graphics are not even half as good as Turok 2 , the weapons are stupid , and the enemys are the most unimaginative , stupid brutes that I have ever seen ! Also , the one player mode -LSB- is terrible -RSB- , and there is absolutely no challenge whatsoever . The enemys dont even attempt to fire at you ! So if you are a fan of -LRB- and I feel sorry for you if you are -RRB- bad graphics , bad weapons , bad enemys , and no challenge , buy this game . Otherwise do n't even waste your time turning the box over to read the back .
 I do n't get it . I have tried six copies of this game . In every copy in the 2-player trial mode I was unable to complete the creature tage modes . Is it just me or did everyone that reviewed this game not find this MAJOR BUG ? The 2-player trials can not be completed ! Come on Acclaim what 's the deal . I 've been told to mail the defective game to Acclaim . Who wants to go through all that trouble ? I just took my defective game -LRB- s -RRB- back . We deserve a product that works as it is supposed to . What is wrong with you people . Why all the good reviews ? I ca n't be the only person who has found SIX defective copies of Rage Wars . I really enjoyed the game until I found this glaring problem . Now I consider it just garbage . I bought this game for a good multiplayer experience . All I got was major disappointment . This couldhave been a great game . Sorry Acclaim you 've struck out once again . Fix the bugs and maybe I will buy it . Again !
 the word dissapointment can not adequately express my feelings about this game . perhaps my expectations were so high . admittedly the graphics in this game were good but that did little to improve the horrible scenarios . whatsmore after playing a game like tomb raider were tthe game can be saved at any point a game like shadowman its limited saving positions i found myself doing the same things over and over and over again . all of my friends agreed that this game was horrible and even started laughing at me when they saw me playing it . i would recommend this game for no one
 Granted , some of the context of this game , as well as the cinemas and dialogue were excellent , but overall I never got the sense that Shadowman really takes advantage of what the Dreamcast can do . I came away thinking `` Wow , I thought the Dreamcast would make for a character that runs more naturally and fluidly than Lara Croft . '' Instead , Shadowman has astrange and unnatural bow-legged jog through environments that look like they could be rendered by a Playstation just as easily .
 Avoid this game at all costs . The controls are terrible and the graphics are the worst I 've ever seen on the Dreamcast , it 's no wonder Acclaim went under .
 this game is truly bad in every aspect of the word if you like resident evil and love steady yet puzzling game play than dont even think of getting this terrible game . its too dark , worse than carrier and it just sticks you in the middle of nothing and gives you items that cant be used no matter what you do . the story line is ok but , the graphic also stink big time -LRB- which by the way are more suited for atri -RRB- , if they could have done any thing good for this game it would have been not to make it
 In `` Shadow Man '' you play the part of Mike Leroi , an unfortunate soul who is enlisted in the war between Good and Evil by an ancient voodoo queen , the mysterious Mama Nettie . Mama Nettie implanted the powerful Mask of Shadows into Mike 's chest , thereby making him Shadowman , an immortal with the power to walk both in the world of the living -- Liveside -- and the world of the departed , the dark and terrible Deadside . Shadowman must defeat the forces of Evil , who are gathering their combined strength to unleash the end of the world -- Armageddon -- in Liveside , guided only by Mama Nettie and her twisted henchman Jaunty . Playine alternately as Mike and as Shadowman , it is your job to save the world from the legions of evil . `` Shadow Man '' is not for the weak-hearted . It is an extremely dark and violent game . Eerie music , blood-curdling shrieks of tortured souls , dark and ominous environments , mutilated victims , serial killers , these are the hallmarks of this game . If any of these things bothers you , skip this game -- and this review -- immediately.Now , if NONE of these things bothers you , then pay attention because `` Shadow Man '' offers plenty for the gamer . The game is certainly extremely complex , with multiple huge and labrynthian worlds . The story does indeed evolve nicely by itself and the payoffs are rewarding when you figure out what 's happening.However , this complexity can work against the player as well . With so little guidance in the game , it 's not hard to fall into ruts . Other negatives , for me
 The consept is good . The setup is like a board game and is perfict for kids under 7 . The bad paart is if you play single player and the computer is your opponent you are certain to lose . the computer always wins nomatter what . It is only fun if 2 people play together . So , unless you have a person to play the game with , do n't get it .
 Hi ! I have 2 daughters under the age of 8 who could not get past the first level of the game after playing it for a week ! They love Mary Kate and Ashley and couldnt wait to receive this game so it was a huge dissapointment to them when they had to keep re-doing the same screens over and over again ! I 'm sure this game would be loved by children older than 8 , or for children who 've had years of experience on their Game Boy !
 we just bought this game and i think it is horrible ! i am trying To convince my daughter to return it and pick a different one . the sound is terrible and all fuZZy and annoying and the graphics stink ! i was so dissapointed in this game and my daughter has not even picked it up since a week ago when we first brought it home ! i just thought it was awefull and a waste of money .
 I bought this for my daughter , 10 at the time , and she enjoyed it somewhat . Though it did not hold her attention long . She said it was fun , but she became bored with it after about 2 months . It has since passed on to my 8 year old niece . Who pretty much gave it the same review .
 This item is junk!These girls are way tooooo grown up and they are worthless I just wish everyone would just get rid of these products ! they are just plain stupid !!!
 Well for starters this game , well to put it nicely ... . this game stinks ! I truely think this game will last as long as The Magic Show starring Magic Johnson -LRB- the basketball player , or even less -RRB- . No offense to the Olsens * cough cough * but if I were them I 'd run and hide ! It 's bad enough to be that annoying , but gosh ! Heck when are they gon na go out ! at 30 they 'll be in a game Olsens Get Married ... . to each other * ha ha ha ha ha ha ! ... . anyways ... . I would n't buy this game ! Do n't ruin your child 's future -LRB- or Christmases ! -RRB- I 'd rather play the Spice Girl game ! If you buy this game your eye 's must be tighter closed than Brock 's ! . Pokemon the journey 's just begun Pokemon , to new adventures ... !
 It is a very good concept , but flawed in its execution . The transmitter works ok as long as the PSP is disconnected from the power and there are n't too many competing stations close by . Apparently there is n't enough shielding material between the power and the FM antenna , when the PSP is plugged to both a high pitch whine can be heard at all times over the three selectable frequencies . Even when the power is disconnected there is a very low hum in the background , but at least this one can be ignored.Also watch for similar products combining power and transmitter from the other companies as they may be the same rebranded product .
 If you care for your DS , use only Nintendo licensed products -LRB- such as from Hori -RRB- ! You 're in for a surprise when you want to remove this from your touch screen . I was freaked out to no end that this thing had taken up permanent residence on my DS . I am posting this review to provide instructions on how to get it OFF of the touch screen :1 -RRB- Rip off a piece of very sticky tape -LRB- I used duct tape -RRB- which is longer than the width of your touch screen -LRB- maybe 1/2 inch on each side -RRB- .2 -RRB- Since the screen protector is smaller than the touch screen , there should be a small gap either above or below it . Place the tape precisely along the edge of the screen protector , with excess hanging on each side . Do n't let it touch the actual screen , but get it as close to the edge of the protector as possible .3 -RRB- Gently apply pressure to the tape with your finger so it sticks well .4 -RRB- Pull back on the overhanging edges of the tape , peeling the protector off like a sticker . Since an entire edge of the protector is being tugged on by the tape , there should be enough grip to get it off . This worked for me on the first try.Unless you 've got a huge air bubble at the corner to work with , scratching the edge with your fingernail WILL NOT WORK and may even damage your touch screen . Putting tape on just one corner WILL NOT WORK .
 In order to put these shields onto the DS Lite , you must be in a dust and hair free zone . Any debris will cause a bubble to appear between the shield and the screen . I will definitely be returning this item . Not sure what else I could get , but still looking for a better product .
 This was the best deal I could find , at the current prices this flimsy piece of plastic must be worth $ 100,000,000 a pound.These screen protectors are the biggest ripoff I have ever seen in my life if I did n't like my DS so much I would probably throw it away.You can take your screen protectors and shove them where the sun do n't shine .
 The product description states : Also Compatible with Nintendo DS , Game Boy Advance and Game Boy Advance SPDetachable USB adapter allows you to charge and play from any device with a USB portLED light keychain provides extra illumination where you need it and keeps your USB adapter close at handKeep playing your favorite handheld games even when you run out of battery powerCar charger with 6 feet cord lets you charge and play your handheld while you ride in the car -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- There WAS NOT the USB adapter , not the LED Light Keychain , or car charger as stated . So very misleading .
 Nearly impossible to apply without getting air bubbles under the film . Just as difficult removing the shields when replacing .
 The product is difficult to apply without getting bubbles under the little sheets . They are difficult to remove -LRB- and leave a weird film on your screens -RRB- . The pack says you get 2 , but you really just get 1 for each screen.It 's important to protect your screen from the constant stylus scratching , but it sure is lame .
 First of all , in this package , I received one top screen protector and ONE bottom screen protector , not two.Second off , there are no instructions.Third , due to the lack of instructions , I was unaware that the back of the film was going to be the stickiest thing on the planet . I was trying not to touch it as I applied the top screen protector , but after I got it on , I noticed that somehow a cat hair had got under it . So I peeled it off . Since it came with the free microfiber cleaning cloth I thought to myself `` I should use this to wipe off the cat hair , so I do n't get fingerprints on it . `` WRONG . This completely ruined the top screen protector . After wiping to try to remove the cat hair , there were now several cat hairs on it -LRB- the thing is so static-charged that they were actually leaping off my shirt and onto it , it was unreal -RRB- but it was COVERED in fuzz from the `` microfiber '' cleaning cloth . The fuzz is completely stuck to it , and will not come off . I tried , but all I managed to do was scratch up the back side and get fingerprints all over it . Also , if you get a fingerprint on the back -LRB- sticky -RRB- side of the protector , there is no way to get it off.Had there been any instructions at all I might not have completely ruined the top screen protector . Either way , I 'm fairly unhappy with the purchase . I got the bottom screen protector on with no problems , and it seems to work just fine , which is good since it 's more important.If you do decide to buy this , make sure you are in a pet hair-free environment -LRB- check your shirt ! -RRB- and do NOT touch the back of the things at all . Just about anything that gets on the back of it is there permanently .
 Much like Glen Dudley , the InvisiShield was too large to fit into the DS Lite screen . I replaced the screen shield several times attempting to make it fit correctly and it simply does n't . This creates a long airbubble on the side of the screen where the shield does n't contact the screen because it 's held away from it by the raised edge around the screen ... and it 's not as if I did n't get the protector flush up against the edge . I did . Several times . And my boyfriend did , as well . It just was n't going to fit.Not worth the price for working as poorly as it did .
 First , you need to understand that I 'm -LSB- ... -RSB- by nature . I say this so you realize I was extremely careful in prepping the DS screens and applying the shields . That said , these shields ended up in the trash after about 1/2 hour of trying to make them work . The first application -LRB- and it should be said that you really only get one try at it ; after that the shields start picking up dust and fingerprints on the tacky side that ca n't be removed -RRB- would have gone well if the shield had been trimmed properly . Unfortunately , it was a bit too large and caught on the raised edge of the DS ' touchscreen , creating a long air bubble along the top edge . Before you ask , I had carefully aligned the shield and it was flush all around except for the one edge . In other words , it was not user error . :--RRB- The only option I had was to try to trim it but that ended up being disastrous . Despite my best efforts , the shield became progressively more smudged and nothing I did , including trying to wash it , helped . In the end , it went into the garbage . I had bought one for a friend who has a PSP and she had very similar results . The first attempt was the best but trying to fix minor flaws rendered it useless . I 'd love to protect my screens but this is n't the way to do it . For now I 'm just living on the edge , without protection .
 The screen protectors are too thick . I had to take it off the bottom screen cause it made the touch screen not work .
 The graphics are well-done and the quests are fun . Blizzard did a good job on this game.In spite of this I must give it a low rating.If you are a person who loves to complete things , please do not begin playing this game . Thre is literally no end . The only people who can accomplish a lot and get the best stuff are those who play 12 + hours a day . I am not exaggerating here . I am a recovering addict of World of Warcraft . I got to a place where I was bored but compelled to play , neglecting everything that was important in life . -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's a great community of people .
 You 're strictly on your own if you have trouble getting this to run properly . We 've had a problem for two weeks now in that we 're constantly disconnected from the WoW server . Support has consisted of directing us to their website pages where generic fixes are laid out , poorly . And we 've received email from Blizzard with the same text as the support pages . There is actually no one answering their phones that understands their product or how to debug a connection problem . These folks are raking in 1.8 B annual revenue , and their business model is strictly Take the Money and Run . Best of luck .
 I actually like this game , I just wanted to draw some attention to an issue with buying this product used . If the previous owner has installed the game on their computer and registered the install , you can not install this game for yourself . YOU CAN ONLY USE THE PRODUCT KEY ONCE FOR ONE ACCOUNT !!!
 This expansion should in fact be given less then 1 star , it was not only terrible on it 's own right but it also destroyed World Of Warcraft the original release for me . It is a fact that had this expansion not been released I would still be playing WOW today.Why did it make me quit ? The developers completely ignored the itemizaation balance and encounter balance that existed in the entire original release . Level 60 requirement epic -LRB- purple -RRB- items dropping from dragons that take 40 people to kill were all of the sudden worse then level 55 requirement common -LRB- green -RRB- items that drop from trash in BC . In one fell swoop the developers destroyed any reason anyone had to play in the old world beyond level 55 . There is no more point to fighting in Molten Core , there is no reason to ever work towards BWL access , the gates of AQ might as well stay closed from now on . One can go to the auction house and pay 10 gold for a green item that they can use at level 55 that is better then you can get doing all that work to kill Vael in BWL.Why did they not keep things consistent ? Why did they not make a level 60 requirement item in BC comparable to a level 60 green item in the old world ? Why did they not make a level 60 epic item from BWL still worth having at level 60 ? I have no clue . Maybe they thought that people would avoid BC without the impetus of easy loots that warp anything that drops in the old world , like the insane exp rate that again warped the old world is not enough . Maybe it is as they say to equalize the PVP of the game , but alot of us were not really there primarily for the PVP and furthermore many of us liked the fact that success in PVE made you more of a threat in PVP as well . Some people lived in the PVP grounds and became very skilled in PVP combat while also gaining the valuable loots obtainable with high rank , some people instead focused on PVE spending just as much time getting the skill and keys it required to become comparably equipped . It was fairly well balanced , but Blizzard went and messed with it and screwed it up.BC might as well have been WOW 2 . There is no point of having it as an `` expansion '' . It destroyed the point of the old world and as such people now live solely in BC or they quit playing . An online game like this must release expansions that are in line with the previous content . You must not make the new content on a new higher scale or you destroy the old content and in essence shrink the useable size of the game world . EQ managed vastly better then WOW with it 's Kunark and Velious Expansions . Items that were comparable in level requirement and difficulty to obtain were likewise quite balanced . A level 46 named frog in Guk was dropping similar quality loot to a level 46 named dinosaur in Traks Teeth . That is the way it should be . Now 10 expansions later EQ 's balance is utterly dstroyed but in the beggining through the 1st 2 expansions they actually got it pretty close to perfect.Blizzard screwed this up royally , not because the models were bad , not because the new areas were not interesting , not because the quests were not entertaining , but because they could not keep from ratcheting up the loot to an absurd level utterly trivializing the old world.This expansion made me quit playing WOW . Without an expansion at all I would still be paying $ 15 a month , that is how bad it really is in my eyes .
 Big complaint about the lack of warning about WoW used software on the site.WoW already has Burning Crusade . You just need to activate it . They will not let you reuse an activation code that has previously been used on a different account . A Used WoW game is therefore worthless.Amazon will refund your money -LRB- most likely -RRB- , but one has to question the idiocy of selling a WoW Used product . Most likely it is only because Amazon has no way to make this kind of exception for Used items on the site , and/or they do no foward looking investigation when selling Used items . And because many sellers/buyers are unaware of Blizzard 's activation policies until they contact them to get the required information . Amazon should enhance the database to make exceptions for this type of Used software item . Activation codes are becoming extremely common , and I 'm betting this issue has been encountered many times already .
 I purchased this as a gift however it could not be used . You see the seller sold this used and the code was already in use . I will be much more careful and only buy video games in stores from this point onward , since I was completely unaware that this was being sold to me used . A huge disappointment . Shame on the Seller and shame on Amazon .
 I started off playing World of Warcraft at release only to quit a year later do to the lack of end game content for the casual gamer . Spending 30hrs a week in Molten Core or Black Wing Lair just was not my idea of fun . After some friends told me all the great things about the expansion I decided to reactivate my account and give it a try.To make this review short . The type of quests are the exact same that were prior to the release of this expansion . Go to this area , kill 200 of this monster to collect 6 pieces of certain item , rinse and repeat.The addition of 10man raid groups was a pleasant surprise , but even this still makes the end game fall short . The 10 man dungeons in this game have pretty much no impact on the main story line and are just stepping stones to the larger 25man main story dungeons . So pretty much what this means is unless you are in a hard core raiding guild it will take you at least a year , if ever , to see the main boss in this expansion.World of Warcraft does have some positive attributes to it , but I have never been the type to want to grind out dungeons repeatedly in the hope of the one item I needed from there would drop , and like I said unless you plan to spend every seven days a week , 5hrs a day raiding you will never see the end game content , or have the best items for your class.So to sum up , you pay for a game that you can never complete do to the hard core raiding atmosphere , the pvp system with the institution of resilence makes any button clicker able to kill you , and be prepared to enjoy the grind fest either in dungeons or in battlegrounds to get any items that may be helpful to your character .
 This expansion ruined WoW.Got my character to 70 bought the flying mount , then canceled my subscription.Why ? you may ask , class balance has been ruined.I spent more time being corpse camped by random mages , then I spent playing.To be sure , I understand that corpse camping is a part of the game , what I do n't understand is how a level 70 character can be basically 1 hit by another 65 plus character.Solution ? simple , put a limit on the amount of dots a mage can stack on another character in pvp , have different limits applied to pve.Anyway , If you enjoy WoW you may be disappointed by the BC expansion.Side Note , IF you are a WoW junky that spends every waking hour in game , and have all the best gear , then BC may be just what the doctor ordered , for the casual gamer though , its a game stopper .
 I have never seen a worse expansion since Scar of Velious for EverQuest . This by far is the worse I have encounter throughout my years of gaming . Blizzard and their intrepet coders have accomplish an act of laziness and stupidity . All the zone in the new continent are shared by both alliance and horde alike , as well as quests and mobs . One small continent with HUGE zones screams out of pure laziness in scripting out territories.Instead of following the original game they take PvP to a server wide event . Whatever server your on , wether it be a majority of horde or alliance , the game in the new continent becomes a HUGE gankfest . If you engage a mob the oppossing -LRB- majority -RRB- faction needs , you WILL be ganked . 100s of players going after the same 10 mobs reminds me of the mob camping of EverQuest . Given the diminished value of PvP gear with the new items available , you would think PvP wouldnt be as prevalent.The game is suppose to regulate spawn times to the amount of people in that given area , believe me in some areas , it doesnt -LRB- regular spawn times while you waste time sitting around waiting -RRB- . While in others as soon as you kill one mob , another spawns right on top of you , giving you no time to rest . All though Blizzard has added many many new quest , they failed to have actually scripted a balanced well thought out continent where both faction can either quest or PvP as they see fit.While 100s of new quest have been added some are bugged , as well as one I know of that can be ninja looted by other players even though they did not start it . Online support is a joke in the worse sense of the word . In most cases one recieves an answer of `` we know this is a bug and are addressing it , have a nice day '' . Dont bother writing petitions all you get is the same contrived replies and emails.After the first week of playing the expansion a dozen of my friends and collegues have already left the game . I myself along with my lady friend have cancel our subscriptions.If you like PvP by all mean buy this expansion , but make sure you are the majority faction on the server you play.I rate this expansion lower then the medium a toadstool mushroom grows in .
 - = - = - = - = - = - = - PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM !!! - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - I recently bought the entire WoW suite through Amazon only to find that the Burning Crusade discs and keys are no longer needed . When you purchase the original game , the key for it works as though it was the `` Battle Chest '' Edition . Burning Crusade now comes with the original game at NO EXTRA COST!I have already contacted Blizzard and requested that they remove this item from the Amazon Cart , those who are sellers of new discs are recommended to request a reimbursement for any costs that they have accrued while providing this product.Anyone who has regrettably purchased this item already are suggested to contact Blizzard 's Support Queue by following the link below and requesting that they reimburse you in some way -LRB- I have asked for game time myself -RRB- though it is still at their discretion to authorize any kind of benefits to those that were tricked into thinking they needed this former expansion.To file a ticket to the Blizzard Support Channel , follow the link below :[ ... -RSB-
 Just to let newcomers to World of Warcraft know you no longer need to buy the Burning Crusade expansion pack as now it is included `` Free '' with any and all retail and downloaded copies of World of Warcraft so there is no need to buy this expansion and honestly Blizzard should just pull it from the market since it is now free :-p . The expansion itself is great though so dont get me wrong Outland is pretty expecally when you are able to fly but since it is now free with any copy of world of warcraft it is not needed to buy and Amazon really should just discontinue this product !
 A sudden , unexplained urge came over me as I entered Best Buy with a group of friends and headed towards the video game aisle . I had known about this game for ages , and had never even thought of touching it . In fact I had never even played an MMO before , yet 2 years after the release of one of the world 's best-selling MMO 's to date , I found myself exiting the store with World of Warcraft and the Burning Crusade expansion . I truly could not explain my unnatural desires , in fact it was only through the fact that a friend played that I succumbed to said urges . Had I been wiser , I would have taken heed his telling eyes , cold and lifeless , urging me to stay away . His words and affirmations were weak and unconvincing , and for a reason . He did not want to play with me . He did not want me to play at all.This game has a sinister secret , one that took me awhile to realize myself
 A short review here , since Amazon solicited one with an email . Although I was n't excited about the expansion because I 'd already read reviews of it , I got it anyway because the rest of my WoW guild did , and I also figured there was n't another game out yet that I wanted to try , so I figured I 'd continue this one for the time being.As I had already been told in reviews , the expansion was simply more of the same grinding-type quests , set in new zones . After the initial novelty of looking around at the new scenery , the game will soon return to the one you 've been playing for whatever length of time you 've been playing it . When I entered the first zone in the new area -LRB- Hellfire Penninsula -RRB- , I discovered that 90 % of the quests there were of the `` kill/gather X number of Y '' type . My first thought was that , although I know games must have these types of quests to fill out content , this was a bad first impression to make on players , i.e. , putting them all in the very first zone.Well , after playing much of the game in the other surrounding zones as well -LRB- currently I 'm lvl 65 -RRB- , I realized that the other zones are all exactly the same -- filled with very little except `` kill/gather X number of this . '' You 'll find yourself grabbing quests and going to the area to kill/gather things , then turning in the quest . Virtually all of the non-instanced quests , including the ones where you have to kill a named boss , are soloable -LRB- it has gotten to be funny to see people LFG for them -RRB- , but you 'll most likely need a group for the dungeons . Overall they made it very easy to level up -LRB- 10,000 + XP per quest -RRB- , to make money -LRB- it piles up with loot drops and quest rewards -RRB- , and to get good gear -- there are many green items that surpass in quality your old epic items from the old zones . I have no idea yet why they basically made the game so easy , and made the old zones and gear completely obsolete . You 'll no longer have any reason to go to places like ZG , AQ , or MC.I 'm not very impressed with the expansion , but if you want to continue playing the exact same game , go ahead and buy it . Otherwise there 's nothing special about it . I just do n't know that the lousy quality of the expansion is the fault of the game , or just the fault of the current state of the MMO genre as a whole . MMOs in general seem to be getting stale , as game developers do nothing more than pump out copies of each other -LRB- or in this case , of itself -RRB- with the exact same themes and stale content.It might be time to get back to other types of games and give MMOs a rest .
 I actually bought this game as a gift . While being pretty addictive and fun , I do n't agree with Blizzard releasing expansion packs yearly that they charge $ 50 for , as well as the $ 15 monthly rate , just to keep your character current that you have put hundreds of hours and hundreds of dollars into . This is basically digital crack . I never got into it thankfully , as those who I know that did are gone for good .
 First there was WARCRAFT , Reign of Chaos , which is Warcraft III ; this took a very graphical rise from Warcraft I and II ; oddly , I liked those games better , to be honest.But at least Warcraft III and it 's expansion set , FROZEN THRONE , you could play by yourself * without * going on the internet . Suprise , suprise some people do not like to play online!I 'm just not the kind of person who likes to go on the internet to play games . It 's just a preference of mine . I purchased WORLD OF WARCRAFT EXPANSION ; BURNING CRUSADE from Wal-Mart and had to return it . Why ? YOU CAN NOT PLAY BURNING CRUSADE WITHOUT AN INTERNET CONNECTION ; IT IS IN FACT MANDATORY , so I said forget it and returned it . I was NOT aware of this fact when I purchased it ; I assumed it was just another expansion like Frozen Throne.YOU HAVE TO READ THE VERY FINE PRINT -- SO BEWARE , IF YOU PLAN TO PLAY THIS WITHOUT AN INTERNET CONNECTION -- DO NOT PURCHASE BECAUSE YOU CA N'T . For the millions of online Warcraft addicts out there , more power to you -- and it requires a subscription to keep at it . Which means ongoing costs . You are also required to have BROADBAND internet -LRB- mandatory -RRB- . That by itself -LRB- along with cable television -RRB- is about $ 80 a month . -LRB- By the way , I 'm one of those people who rarely turns on the television-and when I do it 's almost always to watch DVDs -RRB- . I 'm giving this one star due to the requirement of Internet only and NOT being clear about it -- you have to read the VERY FINE PRINT . It 's not obvious on the box.SHAME ON YOU BLIZZARD !
 In short :1 -RRB- It takes an insanely long amount of time to download/install .2 -RRB- The new races are very poor , both in terms of detail and background . They look really sloppy and unfinished .3 -RRB- This is just my opinion , but the whole concept of `` blood elves '' for the horde is ridiculous . And the argument
 What can I say ? This game is perfect if you have no girlfriend/boyfriend , job , social life , or basically any form of physical or social activity that differs you from that of a rusted lawn chair . This game does nothing but steal time away from you . If you have time to waste good , you 'll be spending hours here . If you plan to leave the World of Warcraft to shower , eat , sleep , use the bathroom etc , you obviously do n't belong there . This game does nothing but replace real life goals and accomplishments met through realife hardwork with digital goals that are met with the same amount of time applied . The difference being the accomplishments you wasted your time on in the game mean absolutely and I mean absolutely nothing ! They have no value whatsover accept to other people like yourself trapped in the game.I got so tired of people talking about what they do in this game like it 's an actual accomplishment . You played since it 's release ? who cares ? You have Tier whatever gear who cares ? You have some magic mount no one else in the game has who cares ? You have tons of fake game gold who cares ? None of this stuff matters to people that live in the real world . Do you think anyone cares that I killed King Bowser back in 1989 ? Or that I upgraded my standard blaster to a missle blaster in Metroid in 1988 ? Or how about the time I found the secret ring in Sonic the Hedge Hog when I got my first Sega ? NO ONE CARES A BOUT WHAT YOU ACCOMPLISHED IN A GAME ! IT 'S MEANINGLESS ! IT HAS NO REAL WORLD VALUE!Every inch of this game is festered with morons that simply ca n't understand that . At first I thought it was mostly just ignorant kids ... but these are adults ! Yes , grown adults ! Acting like they are children . Some I even know of to have neglected their own children just to play the game . I brought The WoW the first game because it was new and I enjoyed it ... but it was short lived with all the drama . I brought the Burning Crusade because my guild annoyed me until I did -LRB- I was the guild master -RRB- . I had to always have the best armor and weapons to keep up with and lead these morons . It was a real pain in the behind . The game felt so much like a job.All the expansion does is add more hours for you to waste getting better armor and more dungeons to drag yourself through for 10 exciting levels of doing the same quest over and over again . If you like living your life on par with that of a coat hanger ... or maybe a lawnmower in the dead of winter . Than this game is perfect for you . However if you enjoy games that are fun and challenging and really exciting look away from this and never come back .
 First I would like to say that I loved WoW . I played it hours and hours a day . I was indeed addicted . I invested thousands of hours into my main character to get to lvl 70 -LRB- Burning Crusade -RRB- . Then one week I went out of town . I return to find that my account has been randomly banned by Blizzard for `` exploitative '' activities . I e-mailed Blizzard several times about the issue . No answer . All that time and money lost . I have spoken to at least a hundred people who had the same issue and there are thousands of blogs online discussing random account closure . So think about it
 This is a good game where you can -LRB- as in many MMO -RRB- play alot of time.My story : I played this game for over 2 year . I was a very well equiped character with tons of Honor Kills -LRB- a PvP score -RRB- and money -LRB- level 68 of 70 -RRB- . I 'm a very caution player so I always have an Anti-Spyware and an Anti-Virus with regular scans every 2 weeks . Also I never used any third party Add-ons , hacks nor bought `` Golds '' -LRB- in-game money -RRB- because I heared that does may expose my game to hackers , key-loggers and other problems.Then suddendly on march-23-2007 got kicked from the server w/o reason , maybe a connection problem - i said - and tried to re-enter into the game but BAM ! my account password was changed ! I tried and tried but i could n't retrive my password ... So i decided to call Blizzard 's support team but BAM ! they dont work on weekends ... so I had to wait until next monday to call them.By phone , they told me that my password was changed by someone the same day I got kicked from the server . After asking me some personal information they gave me a new password which I used to re-enter into my Character.And guess what ... My character was in a different place where I was before being kicked out and with no items , no money , no weapons ... no nothing !!! What an horrible thing ... someone entered into my account and stole everything I had!After that horrible discovery I contacted again Blizzard 's support team in-game and they told me that `` Probably someone stole my account and password '' so they where going to investigate my issue.The investigation time for `` possible stolen accounts '' takes 2 weeks or longer ... only after that time they may restore SOME of the items I had , as stated by their Policy : '' ... we can not guarantee that you will receive the same modifier you had on your original item . We are also unable to guarantee the restoration of trade skills , as well as enchantments or add-ons -LRB- such as gems , scopes , etc. -RRB- that your character 's items may have possessed . `` CONCLUSION
 I have played this game for around two years and have multiple level 70 characters and thoroughly enjoy it . However the game is broken -LRB- as of october 2008 -RRB- and unplayable at the moment due to horrendous lag issues and server shut downs . Check out the forums for more information , well no information really , but you 'll see the scale of the problem : My advice is avoid this game and the new expansion pack Wrath of the Lich King like the plague until the game becomes playable again . Just thought I 'd save you some dollars and whole bunch of frustration .
 As I write this review the expansion has been live for 20 hours . Half the servers are down and the server with all my characters on -LRB- Argent Dawn -RRB- ca n't stay up more than 60 seconds . When it 's up there are innumerable bugs like non-spawning mobs , unattackable mobs , ships disappearing dumping all of us in the sea off of Auberdine . Those servers that are able to stay up are so crowded that every mob that respawns is instantly attacked by half a dozen players.It took over 90 minutes just to install the expansion because there are two updates required after installing the software on the CDs and the downloads are sloooowwwwww.I do n't think the people who gave this 5 stars actually played it in production . Maybe they played the beta which was much more controlled and stable . Your experience will not be so pleasant for several more days I suspect.Blizzard really screwed up on this release . I give them a D - . Update - Yesterday -LRB- Sunday -RRB- was the first day since the release that I did n't see any problems with disconnects or broken mobs . That 's six days of problems . I changed the title to Mitigated Disaster because they seem to have eventually fixed all the problems .
 The original World of Warcraft was a huge leap forward in graphical RPGs . I 've never had more fun or been more addicted to a game . As a result , I was extremely excited to get my copy of the expansion pack in the mail . I rushed upstairs , sat through the hour of installation and patch downloads and went to log on . Disconnected from Server . Every attempt to log on resulted in this message almost immediately . Attempts to contact Blizzard Technical Support were a wasted effort . Their phone line is constantly busy , they do n't respond to emails , and they ignored every forum post by the myriad number of users facing the same problem . Since you are asked to upgrade your account to a Burning Crusade account upon starting installation , I was unable to go back and play the original game sans expansion pack . I have been forced to cancel my account with Blizzard and will never buy another product of theirs . Highly recommend passing this one up .
 This game is great , but Blizzard now gives it away for free . So do n't buy it . It now comes free with the original World of WarCraft .
 i bought this product and this product just came opened and did n't come the Instalation Disc 1 and the box came just ugly , and now what i 'm going to do ?
 Be aware , this game awards who has 24 hours of available playing time . If you are casual player , you will never be able to compete in their PVP . Their arena awards only the skilled player with good group . If you are not a good player like most of the people are and do n't have good group , you will always get pwned . Also it takes forever to get a PVE group , it 's just frustrating .
 NHL 08It was the most excited I had been for a game in a really long time . They were finally adding the AHL and you could develop a minor league system . I had read a lot of reviews and they all said basically the same thing
 I waiting what seemed like forever for this game to come in the mail and when if finally got here , all I have to say is what a disappointment ! The game looks exactly , i mean exactly like the 07 version . The new controls do n't add much . They saved most of the new features and innovation for the PS3 version and threw out the 07 game with a different cover . I ca n't even recommend buying it for updated rosters as the ones on the game are very old , probably from 07 as well . I 've always bought EA Sports games but now I 'll think twice before buying another .
 If you know anything about EA Sports , it 's that year after year , they recycle the same sports game by keeping the old and slapping a new year on it . NHL 08 is no different , and although there have been a few additions , this is basically the same hockey game we 've seen on the PS2 for the last few years . What has been added is watered down version of the skill stick that has been on the next-gen console versions of the game , as well as minor league management featuring the AHL teams . While this may be enough new additions for some , they really do n't amount to much in the long run . Dynasty Mode is incredibly disjointed when it comes to signing free agents and managing the cap , while the other gameplay modes remain the same . The core gameplay itself has n't really changed at all either , and still features some incredibly poor team defenses that allow for the typical arcade quality EA hockey we 've come to expect over the years . The play by play commentary is also much recycled again as usual , and you 're better off turning it off during play . And is it just me , or do the graphics look worse this time around ? In any event , NHL 08 for the PS2 is the same game we 've played for the last few years with minor features , and once again , you 're better off with the 2K series instead .
 I bought the game cos the storyline sounded intriguing.Your character starts out as a farmer , with minimal fighting skills , who is sent off on a no . of -LRB- small -RRB- quests which involve , for at least 90 % of the time , fighting and killing different kinds of monsters/animals/beings -LRB- trolls , krugs , gargoyles , swamp witches , hydracks , ice archers , spider droves , to name a few -RRB- , In the process , depending on your choice of weapons , your character gets upgraded in his/her melee/archery/magic skills . Along the way , your character gets to meet several other characters with different skills , whom he/she can form alliances with -LRB- and whom you will have to manage as well , if you choose to include them into your team -RRB- . The story climaxes in a final battle with the big boss -LRB- the overall mood and sceneries in the final chapter , as some gamers/reviewers have mentioned , is reminiscent of Diablo 2 -RRB- . The pros ... ? - The graphics . As with most recent Microsoft games , they were really good -LRB- the waterfalls , the streams , the mysterious landscape of the Cliffs of Fire , for example -RRB- . The transitions between the different sceneries were also fantastic . . as another reviewer had mentioned , it is a `` continuous gigantic world where your character journey seamlessly ... '' . - The character options . You get a couple of options to build your character -LRB- s -RRB- the way you want your character -LRB- s -RRB- to be -LRB- skirmisher , archer , magician , sorcerer for e.g -RRB- . The cons ... ? The tedium of repetitive killing . The lack of more interesting or complex elements -LRB- e.g. riddles , puzzles -RRB- which would have made the game more challenging . The fact that I had enmassed the max . amount of gold coins allowed at the beginning of the last Chapter did n't make things more challenging . : -RRB- I spent nearly 80 hours on this game , with a team comprising of 2 melee fighters , 2 archers , 2 magicians , and 2 pack mules -LRB- hint
 Although the graphics are quite beautiful IMO , especially compared to D2 , the game is , well , boring . With an unbelievably linear story , the game takes very little thought , save micromanaging your party -LRB- which quicly gets monotonous and annoying -RRB- . Think I 'll stick to D2 ... no , the graphics are n't quite as spectacular , but at least it 's fun .
 Boring ! Imagine an impossibly long hallway populated with bad guys , doors on either side that have more of the same bad guys . That 's what playing this game is like . You have one path to follow -LRB- regardless of the scenery change -RRB- and every few feet you fight a monster . As long as you load up on health potions -LRB- say , half your inventory -RRB- , you can easily beat this game in a few hours . The fact that you can choose your character 's appearance is cool , until you start equipping him/her and the appearance changes with the new armor/weapons/shields anyway . If I knew what this game was going to be like , I would n't have bought it . Caveat emptor .
 Only two things separate this game from the pack , really .1
 Do n't let anyone fool you . This game is a pure 1 dimensional dungeon crawl of epic boredom.Your first impression upon starting the game is that it really is fun , and the graphics are good , and the gameplay is nicely paced . It was based on those same sentiments that my friends got me to buy it after they had been playing it for 2 days.Sadly , I did buy it . By the time I had it installed , most of them were complaining that it was getting repetitive and that there was n't much to it . Just gather up your NPC 's and keep going , boy!Really , this is a game where if you buy enough healing/mana potions , you can survive anything , since your npc 's will drink for themselves , and if you get one of the healers with the group heal spell , you can kill for hours without taking a breather , if the mobs would hold out that long.Needless to say , I was finished with the game after a week , and looking for some poor sap to unload it on , because there is no replay value . You ca n't make different decisions , so its a one shot deal.Stay away !
 Graphically Dungeon Siege is a stunning game . Story wise - there pretty much is none and the gameplay is very repetitive . I would recommend buying it if you do n't mind playing something just for the graphics , otherwise I 'd look elsewhere.One thing to keep in mind , there is no support for this game . Gas Powered Games offers a email address that they do not answer and Mickeysoft offers a Faq page that does n't even display half the time -LRB- no email support that I could find -RRB- . If you have any problems -LRB- and I 've had quite a few -RRB- , you are on your own .
 Talk about your mindless tripe . This game stinks of it . Wander around and mindlessly let your minions beat the monsters . If this game has any challenge , it is because your lost . The miserable overhead map shows you a limited view of where you have been . If you ca n't find the way through the confusing maze , you 're hosed.The graphics are great . If you chose movies based upon effects , you will love this game . However , if you want depth and plot , look elsewhere.Choosing the character class has no purpose . You have enough minions that they just flog everything in the area to death . Very reminiscent of the old game Gauntlet without the fun . The multiplayer game may be more of a challenge , but I would n't know . I uninstalled it early in the first player game .
 The shortest summary I can offer is , when the game was done , I was EXTREMELY disappointed.All you do in this game is fight monsters while walking down a fixed path -LRB- never so much as even a major crossroads for travel choices -RRB- and collecting way more items than you ever need . Oh , plus you kill a couple big monsters , including one at the end . The story is weak , and its lack of depth makes it pretty much impossible to immerse yourself for very long.Once you 're done , there is no continued gameplay , which means there 's no more use for your hard-earned characters or items . Finally , there is no satisfying movie or text story to wrap things up . Only you staring at the screen , with your characters standing at the end of a long , linear map you 've already explored . The game did n't even make it clear to me that there was nothing left to do until I wasted a bunch of time running all the way back through the map , which was pointless . At least they could have had it shut it down automatically when it was completed and saved me the trouble . I felt like I 'd gotten less than half the game I 'd expected - basically a demo - and I have n't played it since . That was about a year ago.Some have complained that the interface was too easy , or that there were too many of certain types of monsters -- these were n't really issues for me . The interface & monsters would have been fine - wonderful , even - if the game had managed to make me feel like I was somewhere else . It did n't , and I 'll tell you why.When I play a RPG , it 's to :1 -RRB- get drawn into a fantasy world where there are problems that can be solved in multiple ways -LRB- whether they be `` boss '' encounters or complex retrieval quests -RRB- ,2 -RRB- build characters which grow & acquire items indefinitely and can be re-used in expansions or harder difficulty settings ,3 -RRB- soak up plenty of pretty scenery I can get lost in along the way , and4 -RRB- enjoy a compelling story that ends in a fulfilling way.Dungeon Siege fails utterly as a true RPG because :1 -RRB- The only solution available when encountering Dungeon Siege bosses is to kill them . Retrieval quests are simplistic and uninteresting -LRB- there are no real side quests -RRB- .2 -RRB- The characters have nothing to do once the `` end boss '' is dead , and the game does n't even give you the mercy of exiting to an ending screen . You just ... stand there ... 3 -RRB- Yes , the scenery is pretty - which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 - but it was far too limited to get lost in .4 -RRB- The already poor story lacks any kind of enjoyable ending.I kept hoping - assuming , even - that the straight line was only a temporary thing , and that I would come to a place where there were multiple directions to go or multiple objectives to consider . Neither ever happened . Consider yourself warned.My only hope now is that mods - several of which are in the works - will be better than the original game . I just downloaded one called `` Copperhead
 At first I thought this game was great , simple interface , good graphics and a beautifully crafted world to adventure through . But after playing it for a few days I realized that it was mindless hack and slash the whole way through . No strategy , no thought , just sit back and watch the mayhem , occasionally altering what spell you cast or telling your players to drink a potion . Halfway through the game the only thing that has changed from the first hour of play is the statistics and graphics of the monsters . The storyline is very weak and there is no where to go outside of the one linear path through the game.However , I gave it 2 stars instead of one for the strengths I mentioned above .
 I installed the game , and managed to struggle through two hours of utter boredom before finally giving up on it . This is honestly the single most boring computer games I have ever run across -- and I 'm old enough to remember Pong . One wonders if Microsoft ever bothered to playtest this thing.In a nutshell , your character wanders down a straight path , and things jump out at him . You click on the bad guys , and they are then blasted by one of four attack types -- which do n't vary all that much except for the graphics . If too many ickies jump you at once , you can run back up the path and then pick them off one by one . There are tactics to master , there is no strategy . You do n't even need particularly good reflexes . You walk down the pre-selected path . You point . You click . Can we stand the excitement?The graphics are reasonably nice , but with game play this simple and uninteresting , who the heck cares.I 'd also like to note that most of the positive reviews of this game appeared BEFORE it was even released . Thank you , Microsoft Staffers , for weighing in with your opinions.I personally feel cheated for having wasted fifty bucks on this snoozefest .
 Honestly I 'm an absolutely fanatical RPG fan , and came to Dungeon Siege with high hopes after hearing about it , but it failed to live up to my expectations . Firstly , I was expecting something a little less ... DiabloII-ish , and more into the Neverwinter Nights arena . Do n't get me wrong , D2 was a great game , and I still thought DS could have some potential , even though it was just a point and click fest . The RPG elements seemed to be very minimal , although you - could - develop you 're character any way you wanted , you basically had to chose one thing -LRB- fighter , archer , or mage -RRB- to be good at , because trying to be good at everything will make you suck at everything . Furthermore , characters are pretty bland , and forgettable , and the - epic storyline - boasted about on the box is non-existent and when it does pop up , it is predictable and humdrum -LRB- great evil approaching , you must single handedly save kingdom , yada yada yada , been there , done that , and seen MUCH better -LRB- albeit i only managed to slog through 10-15 hours of mindless killing , so there may be some - epic - plot twist , but i seriously doubt that -RRB- -RRB- Despite that it was just hack 'n' slash , I still wanted to give it a chance , but there was some certain - fun - factor missing , the way D2 had an appeal . There was just something that made you want to go on in D2 -LRB- a lot to do with the great item system -RRB- , but somehow DS managed to lack that quality , and after the first few hours ... well ... read the title of this review to get the idea . Major reasons why I feel this way is because
 Thi game was bought by a few friends and myself mostly for the cool dungeon siege creator/editor . IT IS NOT IN THE GAME.MICROSOFT SAYS IT IS COMING SOMETIME ... . B.S.This game is boring , straight-forward , and just ... boring.What 's worse , there are a million cheats and hacks and microsoft could care less . The game play is very linear
 After months of reading about the upcoming Dungeon Seige in several computer gaming magazines I was really looking forward for it to come out . Supposedly Chris Taylor -LRB- Dungeon Seige 's developer -RRB- was creating the ultimate RPG . It was to be graphicaly stunning and void of the elements that he did n't like in other role playing games . I was somewhat in agreement with him that reading through pages of dialog can get boring in some games , and the graphics did look great in the previews ... < ... The game has no depth of character or story , and no real tactics involved with battles . Click . . click . . click and the little people you care nothing about wander around , hacking up enemies in battles that you do n't really control . Keep your eyes on everyone in your party in a fight , because one of them may very well be just standing around being pummeled and not doing anything to fight back -LRB- even with `` attack freely '' selected -RRB- . The pack mule seemed like a good idea , expanding your inventory to bring back more treasure , until you find out that you get paid close to nothing when selling your junk after the long hike back to town . It 's easiest to see where you 're heading by viewing the party from above in the `` mega-map '' mode . It was while playing this way that I realized that Dungeon Seige is basically a really bad version of the old arcade game Gauntlet , wrapped in a pretty 3-D shell with a few RPG elements thrown in for good measure . Save yourself some money and wait for a new title from Bioware or Blizzard to come out .
 I was impressed for the first two minutes
 I purchased Dungeon Siege in order to try out my upgraded system ... I agree , it 's visually stunning but it 's both a bore and a chore to play after a while -LRB- it may be different when it 's a multiplayer session , as I was going solo instead -RRB- . I guess I 'm an old D&D gamer type , I like the idea of classes and such . Also , however , I prefer games with a modicum of plot and halfway interesting NPC 's , neither of which is found in Dungeon Siege . After a while , I just stopped caring about the game . -LRB- I 've since sold it and deleted the game on my hard drive , there was no point in continuing . -RRB- If you like Diablo , you 'll probably like DS to a certain point , but if you want something more just wait for Icewind Dale 2 and Neverwinter Nights to hit the shelves -LRB- which will be in 4-5 weeks for ICWD2 and 6-7 weeks for NWN -RRB- . This is n't a very professional or polished review like some of the others , but it cuts to the chase .
 when i first started the game , i was impressed by graphic.However , after playing the game about 6-7hours it became really boring , I just did same thing , just follow the road , kill monster , and pick up items . This game is so linear , i do n't think this is a good role playing game . Somebody compare this game with Diablo2 . That 's like insulting Diablo2 game.I am going to play Hero of Might Magic4 which is really great game , until i get the warcraft3.I ca n't wait to get the warcaft3 ... PS : i am not good at English so it may my grammar and spelling is incorrect
 I completely agree with the fellow who called it `` Gauntlet 2002 . '' Dungeon Siege is slightly more advanced than the old arcade favorite , but nearly just as mindless . This game is nice to look at , nice to listen to , but playing it is about as exciting as watching paint dry . There is no role-playing here , just an endlessly boring series of battles where the extent of your tactical involvement is to say `` attack this monster with a -LSB- insert weapon/spell type here -RSB- '' - at which point you just sit back and watch the pretty pictures . If you like that sort of thing , then I guess Dungeon Siege is the game for you -LRB- hey , it takes all kinds -RRB- .
 Graphics are excellent . This is the extent of the positive comments I can make about the game.The game is as linear as a game can be.The automatic control of the camera can be annoying at times.Red for health , blue for mana sound familiar ? Having different colors for weapons descriptions depending on magical enhancements sound familiar ? ...
 This game is so boring , the action is repetitive and takes no skill from the player . All you have to do it point where you want your guys to attack . You do n't grow attacked to your character because you can replace it very easy ; no strategy is involved in choosing skill or what ever . So me its just a mindless game that is not satisfying.A day after buying this game I returned it , its just a waste of time . its hard to even call it a hack-in-slash because you do n't even click to attackget Neverwinter Night , or Morrowind , even Diablo II if you want a cool RPGIF you want boring game easy to play get DS
 I pre order this item something I will never do again . I will wait for real reviews on a product . Ok it 's a two disk cd set so i figured at least 60 - 90 hours of play time nope I bet the game in 28 hours . My one big complaint is you do n't really control your charater like in Baldur Gate . The most you really to is click where you want them to go . They Auto fight . Story was pretty weak . Never buy a pre order game again is all i have to say
 OK so after my first session playing ... the graphics are astounding , the game play is a little realxing but fun , its sort of Nox meets Unreal and pretends to be Diablo.But its crashes about once an hour -LRB- on a 1ghz Athlon , raid , 32MB ATI , 128MB CAS 2 -RRB- irregardless of settings . And when I say crash , I mean crash , its brings not only the game but also my usually impervious win2k system to its knees . No task manger , no reset , hard power cycle only !! I dont remeber any of the Diablos crashing ever , or the Baldur 's Gates ... typical Microsoft , releasing something late and expensive and unfinished!There are tons of cool ideas in this game but its a bit like the original arcade Dragon 's Lair once the wow factor is over you have to live with the limitations ... Everyone should see this game but I would n't reccomend anyone actually buy it . If you 're short of cash -LRB- or sensible about such things -RRB- then wait for Neverwinter Nights - most likely a much better investment ...
 I ordered the wrong one as i am not a fan of role playing games . I tried playing but did not find it to my liking . My preference are strategy type games
 When I first loaded up this game , I was wowed by the beautiful opening graphical sequence . The landscapes , characters , buildings , and enemies are all wonderfully rendered . Many of the CG vistas are breathtaking , most notably , a bridge over a deep chasm at the beginning of the game . I have to give Microsoft credit for an excellent job on the visual aspect of this game.Sadly , the graphics are about all Dungeon Siege has going for it . When I discovered that my character , as well as the virtual people she encountered on her quest , had absolutely zero by way of personailty and development , I was disappointed to a degree that the game 's aesthetics could n't help me with . The plot of this game is also very , very weak . You start off working in your field -- you 're a farmer , of all things -- when suddenly you are called on to defend your village against invading monsters , the `` Krug '' . From then on , the game seems to go absolutely nowhere . As you explore dungeons , wilderness , and icy caverns , you 'll find it hard to stop wondering what the point of it all is.Just a little plot and character development could have put this game up there with Neverwinter Nights . If you 're thinking of buying Dungeon Siege , do n't -- shell out the extra twenty for Neverwinter Nights .
 If you are planning to play this in multiplayer over a LAN you have no option to save . Unlike in Diablo , quests you have completed will not save . Unfortunaly , the nature of many of these quests are interdependent such that you have to go back and complete the quest again EVERY time you play . Unless you intend to play continuously , the game becomes frustrating and tedious very quickly .
 I 'll keep this brief . Dungeon Siege was supposed to be the next big thing . Instead , it is a simplified -- albeit pretty -- Diablo 2 . Considering how simplistic D2 was , this is not a good thing . The character development system was a huge miscalculation on the part of developer Chris Taylor . Definitely wait for the demo before purchasing this game .
 Ok , the hype got me ... but i should have asked a very important question before buying and anyone who is a serious AD&D fan should , does it follow the game rules ?? , i did not wonder about this and now i am in possession of a game with great graphics an lots of goodies like the reviews say , but it leaves me flat after playing it once , there are no sets or character classes , and the lack of the AD&D ruleset wich other games follow -LRB- Baldurs gate , etc -RRB- simply takes the fun out for me ... guess i will be looking to exchange it with some other gamer .
 ... That is the only possible way to describe this boring , repetitive , hackneyed attempt at an action RPG.I do n't know where to begin . This game is simply terrible . The graphics , admittedly , are spectacular , with gorgeous vistas and spine-tingling , fog-choked valleys in which your enemies wait , hidden in ambush . There are times when the game is just downright atmospheric.And then , there 's every other miserable moment of your life you 'll spend playing this . The characters are flat , boring , and bland . You ca n't grow attached to any , because when you next come across an NPC-for-hire of the same class , you 'll immediately drop your current one and hire the next . The system for advancing your characters is simply terrible ; you 'll often come across great weapons and armor that call for statistics much higher than what you have , and in order to raise them , you have to seek out and slaughter as many mindless baddies as possible.The bad guys , then , are just as terrible as the rest of the game . They look good , sure , and -LSB- can be destroyed -RSB- nice -- when you can actually make them . Most of the time , your party will be getting its collective backside handed to it by hordes of monsters who give off minimal rewards for their slaughter.Topping all of this off with a bit of whipped cream is the complete lack of a story . Seriously ; if there 's one thing that can save a game , it 's a good story . A well-told tale will keep you interested and struggling through to the end . Well , not me . After investing countless hours into my generic band of ragtag idiots , I suddenly realized that all my work , all my effort , was -LSB- worthless -RSB- . My mind was n't going to by stimulated by a suprise plot twist , because there was n't any plot to twist . At that moment , I exited the game and uninstalled it.Please , everyone . If you enjoyed the hack-and-slash , mindless action of Diablo , you 'll love Dungeon Siege . If you suffered through Diablo 2 soley to find out what would come of the Lord of Terror 's mad schemes , you 're much better off with Neverwinter Nights , Wacraft III , or even Freedom Force .
 The fact that this is a Microsoft product says it all - it 's a memory-hogging game with a ton of `` ease of use features '' that just serve to make it bland and boring . Oh yeah - it also crashes if you go too far off the beaten path.If you want to watch a demo of nice technology that needs a little interaction from you , this is the game for you . Heck it even fights battles on your behalf.But if you want a fun game , get anything else .
 Diablo killer ?? I think not.Clearly the first review is from someone who works for MS or Gas Powered Games . -LRB- For the record , I do n't work for anyone in the gaming industry -RRB- So I wo n't read it.I have got this game only a few days so this may not be a fair review . Have n't got to multiplayer yet . But what the heck . With so many games out there , who with a day job has the time to play them all ? If within 5 hours of play I am not impressed with something that I just got , probablly I will put it on the shelf or on ebay very soon.Graphics
 There are worse ways to spend 50 bucks , but better ways to spend 50 hours . I bought it because of all the hype and screen shots I reviewed , but all in all , it was like Diablo II on steroids . The technology is great , but the game just did n't hook me like Diablo II did . Maybe it 's because Diablo burned me out and this was n't enough to keep my interest . For a 12 y/o kid it might be fun , but besides that , it 's just kind of boring after a short while . I ca n't think of another concept or story line that would make this game better , but that 's not my job . I think it 's worth the 50 bucks , but I 'm just not `` WOW-ED '' about it like I thought I would be . I 'm sure the technology used will eventually spawn something better , something more interesting , something more intellectually sophisticated . Sorry Gas Powered and MS , if this game came out right when Diablo II did , maybe you would get a better score . But the intellectually concept of this game is dated . And in technology , everything is counted in DOG YEARS .
 The first ten minutes of Dungeon Siege was great ! Decent graphics , smooth animation , great soundtrack - and then the tedium sets in . A lot of little annoying user-interface problems . Sound effects for creatures that grow increasingly obnoxious . NO story or plot . Gameplay that could n't get any less linear . Click-click-click-click . Calling this game an RPG is a misnomer at best . I 'm extremely disappointed in Gas Powered Games and Microsoft , they could have done so much more . The opening and menu sequences feel quite unpolished . Pushed out the door too soon to beat NWN ? I think so .
 I waited and waited for the release of this game . Back last year I waited and then they pushed back the release date to this month . Finaly I got a copy of Dungeon Siege on the day it became available . With all the hype and buzz I thought that I had last found a game as good as Diablo & Diablo II . Was I ever disapointed . Have you ever played Dark Stone ? Dungeon Siege is much more like that game than Diablo . But Siege does not even match up to Dark Stone . The graphics are not so hot , combat is dificult after you get three characters in your party and my bigest complaint is that the game plays so dark you ca n't even see the bad guys your fighting against ! In a number of battles I found myself killing the mini-boss or boss and not even knowing it until after the battle was done!The one good feature is the pack mule . But a pack mule does not a good game make . In the end Dungeon Siege is nothing special ... I guess I 'll just have to wait for the real thing ...
 The game graphics and atmosphere are cool , and I confess thet they kept me playing for hours a few times . The storyline is laughable . After a while you will find yourself wondering if you are still playing or doing some work you have become strangely addicted to .
 ~ ~ ~ Well , I bought this game thinking that it would have the immersive gameplay characteristics of Baldur 's Gate combined with significantly updated 3D terrain effects and graphics . I was half-right in the fact that the graphics are very nicely done , but the gameplay is just , well , missing.The games NPC 's made my ears hurt as I listened to the mostly unimportant dialogue they utter . Add to that the fact that most of the goodies you pick up will not be usable at the time you find them since there are strict attribute requirements that must be met.Example
 I understand the developers desire to create an expansive world with lots of magic items to find but in the case of this game it became overkill for me . I seemed to spend half of my time just trying to figure out where I was and where I had already been since the overview map was useless for this task . Another quarter of my time was spent sifting through a hundred inventory items trying to figure out which ones my party members could use and which ones were better than each other . In the end pretty graphics could n't overcome the dread I felt everytime I got lost or came into town with a filled inventory .
 Wake me up please when Neverwinter nights comes out , or leave me in my coma until Warcraft Worlds.Sorry guys iam so so so disapointed ive played D&D since the days of pen and paper taking my buddies through a dungeon with graph paper . Now this was meant to play by the same rules yet no Map editor ?? and wheres the love and feel for your characters . I dont care if my jaw hit the floor with the graphics the gameplay is well err Zzzzz Zzzzz Zzzzz
 I hope I can get my money back . I ca n't believe that so many people gave this game a good review . Mindless clicking . The good graphics and animations ca n't save it .
 Well , where to start ? I was really excited about this game . My husband is a HARD CORE RPG ' r and was the first to tell me about this game , and after reading reviews I felt confident it would be worth the money.Some major drawbacks of the game -LRB- IMO -RRB- are : It gets really tedious , running into the same 10 opponents over and over.I would really prefer for the characters to actually speak , rather than have text scroll across the screen . The main character does n't speak at all . And although you occasionally run into a character who will speak out loud , it 's few and far between.The dynamic between the group of characters you can acquire is clumsy at best . Between needing to check the inventory for the different characters , etc. . . it would seem that it altered their ability to stick with the main character , or they they 'd do so in a haphazard manner . Sometimes they would n't follow at all . Sometimes they would fight with her , other times they would just stand aside looking bored.I know the game adheres to typical RPG style gaming where everything is just `` point and click , '' and fighting is automatic.But if this is something that is boring to you -LRB- which it is to me -RRB- , you 'll prefer the fighting dynamic of say Heretic II , where you actually contol the body of the character , rather than just clicking where they should go.I felt the quest journal was n't well thought-out either . Often you are left wondering if there is something else you 're supposed to do to complete a quest , and/or whether it 's actually over . The maps do n't help you much with this , either , as they are entirely unmarked , and you are often left wondering whether you 've fleshed out an area entirely or not , or whether you 're missing something important.All in all , I must say the game seemed counter intuitive and repetitive . There is really no major plot factor propelling you through the story , and so it adds an aimless quality to the gaming which leaves you pining for something a bit more interactive . . like a good book .
 My best friend and I have both tried this game and we both have the same opinion of it
 I bought this game because every web site and gaming magazine rated it extremely well . I played it for 10-15 hours trying to see what the allure was . I just do n't get it . It just seems so stupid . Your fighters bang on the baddies while your magic users launch one of the same 3 or 4 spells over and over and over again . I play ALOT of games and this is one of the worst ones I have played .
 This game is not for anyone who is really into true RPG.The graphis are great but that is about it!In this game you ca n't save or build a char when playing with others on the net or local network .
 This game seemed like it might be fun when you read the reviews , but let me assure you that overall this game is horribly boring.Good things
 Sucky game . Really was n't good.OK that 's all I was going to write , honestly , but I 'll add this . Though no one will ever read it ... The game is titled Dungeon Siege very aptly . Like a real siege , it 's drawn out and extremely dull involving cruel amounts of suffering without end and with no lapses or breaks at all.Not to even consider the literal aspect of laying siege to a dungeon . What moron would ever lay siege to a dungeon ?! its below ground , full of monsters , cramped , and dangerous . A simpler solution would be to roll a heavy stone in front of the hole and call it a day.ALSO
 This is is a game from a LONG line of diablo clones . The basics of the game are just a rip-off from the diablo system . The only significant difference is the addition of quite good graphics.Unfortunatly this is one of the most uninteresting games i 've ever played . I pretty much exclusivly play rpgs and i was just totally bored about 10 minutes into this game . The plot is pretty much just meeting some schmuck on the road and he tells you something to do , so you go do it , and kill things along the way . I mean come on ... that was pretty fun at first but after Diablo , Diablo 2 , and the numerous clones they spawned ; that sort of thing has kind of gotten old.You can only play as a human character and theres very few modifications you can do to your characters looks -LRB- and all of those modifications are abhorantly cheesy looking -RRB- . The advancement system is pretty simple , and i think thats why its boring . If you want you character to be good in melee weapons ; then you smash things with a sword . Want an archer ? shoot things with a bow then . Want character who can smash and shoot ? then smash things with a sword half of the time and shoot with a bow the other half.But the thing that really made me hate this game was the camera angles . They jammed so many stupid trees and caves and mountains into the screen that you cant see ANYTHING . you have to spend about a minute moving your camera around before you can see anything , giving yourself an epileptic seizure in the process . I found it easist just to play the game completly in the `` mega-map '' mode . In that mode all the silly graphics dont get into your way and you can actually see where you 're going . But of course in the map mode you reduce the game to commanding a dot around and telling it to kill things.The game did suprise me on how smoothly it ran . Usually microsoft games give me alot of trouble with choppy graphics and game crashes . But this one never crashed and was plesently smooth and fast . Figures that the only game they make the runs smooth is the one i 'm not interesting in playing ... All in all if you 're up for a diablo clone i 'd recommend throne of darkness , forget about this waste of 1 gigabyte . On the up side it may make a good game for children ...
 What a disappointment . After 2 years of waiting , I finally get to play it , expecting another masterpiece from Chris Taylor . Instead , I get this pretty dungeon hack . Boo ! Even Diablo 2 had a story in there , somewhere .
 Considering everyone else gave it four or five stars , I feel odd giving this game a poor rating ... however , I have to be honest . I thought the game lacked in many areas :1 . You have to save your game -LRB- did the developers play Diablo II ? -RRB- . This is in single player .2 . If all of your party members die , you do n't have the option to respawn in a town . Again in single player .3 . I felt the game play was slow .4 . The quest log in multiplayer gets erased everytime you log off .5 . the game view can get dizzying after a while6 . The mapping feature was basically useless7 . Multiplayer mode seemed like it lacked a lotI would like to hear other people 's opinion , but did n't it seem like this game ignored all of the great things that RPG 's have been developing over the years?I like the approach to a classless system . I also like the mule concept . The game can also be entertaining if you play with friends over the Internet . All in all though , this game will have zero play time after some of the other RPG 's scheduled for release this year hit the shelf .
 I would like to write more , but the game just put me to sleep ... Go buy some grass seed , plant it , watch it grow ... much more fun then this game ...
 The graphics are gorgeous , gameplay is extremely repetative , and it crashes every 5 minutes . There is no patch yet , and the promised Siege Editor still is n't available . I finished the entire game in 17 hours and there is n't much replay value as every encounter is identical every time you play . You can have my copy for free if you stop by and pick it up .
 Good Lord , it is beautiful . If immersive atmosphere was the most important factor in a game , `` Dungeon Siege '' would be fine.But after playing it for no more than one hour , most players will emerge from the wonderful world of fantasy and realize they are utterly bored.In that one hour they will have slain hordes of monsters and they will have seen some nice views . But they will have made only one choice
 I really should have listened to the diablo comparison . This game is beautiful , but DULL . You go through the motions with little input . It is not challenging and there is no point . If you enjoy fighting battles just to watch characters gain levels then you will love this game , but if you wanted story , background and interesting characters and subplots you had better keep looking . Beware the long poetic reviews on any board , they are almost all written by employees of the games mfg , part of their PR departments offical job .
 There is no doubt this game has a lot of great features . The way it handles inventory , the shopkeepers , and the pack mules are great . The main problems I found with the game was lack of interation with NPCs , and a completely linear storyline . You start at one end the land and march north until you get to the end . This makes for a game with no replay capability . I would skip this one unless it is in the bargain rack .
 A total waste of 50 bucks ! The graphics are GREAT , but the game is DULL ! All you do is fight , then fight some more , and in-between fights , you fight some more . The quests -LRB- what few there are -RRB- are absolutely BORING , and you spend all your time fighting .
 If I might throw in my two cents worth
 Showed up on time , great condition , worked flawlessly . Just one problem , I did n't like the game . I never really grew up with PC games like most people did . I grew up with Atari 2600 , NES , SNES , etc and my family was not PC savy enough to get me a PC nor did we have the capital so I missed out on , what are considered , great PC classics , like this one.It 's a phenomenal game for PC , I just did n't like it .
 This game has one of the most elegant and beautiful interfaces I have ever seen . Perhaps the best the role-playing industry has ever seen . Unfortunately , the game is boring . I ca n't believe that so much work went into the interface of a game that is so bad.Just look at a screen shot and pass this game over . It is way overpriced and destined for the bargain bin .
 This game has great graphics , but I expected the fighting sequences to be more exciting . It reminds me of Gauntlet Legends in where you keep killing horde after horde of monsters . It got very boring after a while . The graphics are great , but I do n't recommend buying it .
 I wo n't go into detail . This is not an RPG . There is no `` role-playing '' involved . You simply make a standard character with no special features and you plod forward in a linear `` quest '' which involves killing everything in your path . This is a shooter , and not an RPG at all . The AI is simply TOO involved . The AI does the fighting for you . It practically plays the whole game for you . All the player is required to do is point in a direction -LRB- which is usually just Forward , as there 's no real deviation in the path -RRB- and press `` H '' every once in a while to drink a health potion . That 's it . You do n't really play this game . You watch it play itself . It 's like a beautiful graphics demo with some minor interaction . For a good idea what you 're in for , think of Diablo II , and then remove all the skills and picture the characters fighting by themselves with you not having to click or control them . That 's it . There 's little in the line of a plot . There 's no character development . There 's no real REASON to just keep killing monsters . The game IS gorgeous , but it 's a shame that they wasted this engine on such lackluster gameplay . Avoid this one unless you just want something pretty to look at , and want your involvement to be limited to a few key presses from time to time . No gameplay to speak of .
 I bought this in a moment of weakness when there were no new first person D&D ; type games out there . I had been burned by other 3rd person games , but decided to see what someone else besides the Baldur 's Gate people could do with things.The game was very linear and to me , very annoying to play . I had problems with the party AI and did not like that I could not veer off the path to any extent . I got maybe halfway through it and quit . Not my cup of tea .
 If it claims to be role playing , I think of Baldur 's Gate , Gothic , Morrowind , Neverwinternights . I think of discovering a universe with history , gods , esoteric knowledge , intercultural conflict , interesting and useful treasure . Dungeon Siege pretends to have such things but really just leads you through a variety of landscapes while you kill everything that comes by , and pick up randomly generated objects with ridiculous or irrelevant attributes . I found the game a waste of my time and money .
 Im this close to never buying another game with microsoft stamped on it ever again . Welcome to single player Diablo . It was fun to start with but quicky becomes boring . The story is dull and the interface is clunky , and you CANT PAN UP . Do yourself a favor and buy a game with some replay value , this game has none .
 This game is essentially Nox with a team instead of one player . Nice graphics , but -LSB- bad -RSB- game if you want something even mildly cerebral . Fights are predicatable and monsters are REALLY dumb , even on difficult . Best for no-brainer `` I just feel like knocking stuff around '' time consumption or younger kids that prefer a simpler game . Eliminating micromanagement of battles , weapons , etc. can be a relief and is decently done .
 Great story line and thats about the only good thing this game has . Its graphics and game play is nice but managing a group of 3 people gets to be a pain and character appearance is mediocker . There are only few spells and two different types of spells and stats are done for you as you progress . The spells should change or become more insteanse as they level up not stay the same as a puny ball . Melee atacks are good but its hard to level up sometimes to get the stats to use a found weapon . Overall this game gets 2 ...
 i bought this game just a few days ago and i thought it would be something grand and spectacular . it was all hyped up to be a great game . music and enviroment were spectacular . game was fun though for about an hour . then it just got extremely dull . the plot of the story is rather mundane and mediocre . the whole rags to riches theme used all over with trials and boring adventures in the middle . does not have the free flowing movement which other games of the genre do have . baldurs gate is of the few that come to mind . if you are looking for a game within this genre stick with the baldurs gate series , icewind dale , or wait for neverwinter nights . other games to look for are in the ultima series and diablo series as well .
 . . without those pesky little things like plot and character development.Yes , `` Dungeon Siege '' is the embodiment of the cliche `` style over substance '' . I was taken in by the hype , lured by such phrases as `` Epic storyline ! '' and `` An amazing RPG adventure ! Endless replay value ! '' when , instead , they should have read `` What storyline ? '' and `` A droll stroll through lifeless environs with little control over anything . `` Had I expected a 3D carbon copy of Diablo II , I would n't be disappointed as I WOULD NOT have bought Dungeon Siege . As it stands , I have yet again learned to wait for reviews from honest sites -LRB- read
 As many others , I had been waiting for long to play this game . I really thought I would love it ... but I dont . Lets get to the point : This game looks great . My only complaints are the restricted camera movements and zoom , but they are not a problem . Sound is ok , and the music is very good.The real problem of the game is the extremely repetitive gameplay . You simply have to kill thousands of monsters , collect loot and sell part of that loot.There is almost no story . There is almost no interaction with other characters . After playing games like the Baldur 's Gate series , it was a bit dissapointing to see that the characters that join your party end up being a bunch of stats , and not a character with some kind of personality , goals he/she wants to achieve ... As killing monsters is the only thing you are going to do , at least you can choose how to do it . Your characters can use melee weapons , bows , and magic.About melee
 This game only has its graphics going for it . Besides that the game is boring . There is not must to the characters and it is completely hack and slash . It reminds me of diablo , except I thought diablo is better than this game . Do n't buy this game , wait for neverwinter nights .
 Dungeon Siege is the right game for you if all the interaction you need is to click once the mouse button and them go to get a coffee .
 I got this game for my brother , who installed it on an AMD Athlon 1.4 ghz system . The game INVARIABLY causes the computer to hang . Tech `` support '' says that this `` should '' only happen with VIA chipsets , however , I know that my brother 's is a SiS chipset . Further , tech `` support '' suggests that the best fix for this problem is to upgrade the BIOS -LRB- prompting most people to require a NEW COMPUTER -- Flashing the bios is not a solution ! -RRB- This game is a totally useless waste of money , and I am going to try and return it to office depot , regardless of their open software policy . DON ' Y BUY IF YOU HAVE AN AMD CHIP !
 Cool graphics , the map -LSB- is bad -RSB- You ca n't see where you 've been unless you back track or mark it out as you go on paper .
 Not only is this game linear , dumb-downed and boring , but its graphics leave something to be desired.I dl 'd the demo just to check it out and was highly disappointed.I recomend Neverwinter Nights for the fan of any RPG of high merit .
 When you turn this game on it gets to the start screen and freezes . I have looked at forums on line and at the EA website and it turns out this is a very common and known problem . EA says there is no workaround and no plans to come up with one . Basically the game is a brick . I had this game for PS2 and it works fine and was very excited to try it on the PS3 but was very disappointed when I got it and found all this out . They should n't even sell this game anymore if there is no plan to make it work again .
 WARNING ! This game does n't work anymore because it requires connection to the EA servers , which are no longer in production . The game freezes in-menu , even when attempting to play single-player . Going to return it , if Amazon allows me to .
 This game no longer works and will freeze up your playstaion . search for `` mercenary 's 2 freezing '' . It will not work . EA has shut down the servers and the game will freeze while trying to connect . Its a waste of money .
 Let me start by syaing I loved the first Meercenaries game and I was fully expecting more of the same -LRB- if not better -RRB- what I got felt like Mercenaries BETA . For starters the game will not start if I am connected to my network . I just get a `` connecting to the EA servers '' message and a the same 5 seconds of music repeating over and over . The PS 3 system locks up -LRB- PS button will not even let me quit the game -RRB- . Other EA games connect just fine to the servedr so it is not a network issue . I sent a email , live chat and phone calls to EA and their response was less then helpful -LRB- `` the game is older and not fully supported '' -RRB- . Needless to say I pretty much gave up on online play . But now that means I have disconnect my PS3 from my network everytime I want to play this game.So online mode aside , the game play is very similar to the first mercenaries . It has been several years since I played that game so it took a bit to get used to the arcade like feel . But once i got used to the controls I was back on board . The gameplay is similar tom the first game
 It is nice to be able to blow everything up . I like the ability to land on boats with a helicopter and steal the boat , and I like the fact that it draws objects really far away . With this game , though , the glitches and ** stupid button combinations you have to do to hijack vehicles ** -LRB- I wo n't buy a Mercenaries 3 because of this -RRB- kind of make you want to blow the game itself up . The NPCs are dumb as toast . Getting them in and out of vehicles was easier in the first game . The physics seem to be only slightly better than the first game.Bottome Line
 there is no way to play the game since ea took it offline . i would not buy this game if i had to do all over again.My advice is not to buy this game it is not worth the money .
 I tried to play the game but it would freeze up so I did n't get to play .
 El juego es muy aburrido los gr&aacute;ficos no son muy buenos , lo &uacute;nico divertido del juego es la imagen q t formas de la historia pero de verdad es muy fastidioso jugarlo
 I downloaded the PS3 demo on this and could n't believe that anyone would release something this bad with all the great stuff out there now . This is great for the kids , but come on , how can you get into this after CoD4 , Bad Co. , GhostRecon , and Assassin ? If you can , more power to you , I like to encourage progress myself , not regression . I 'll save my bucks for the guys who put something into the game . I tried to find some good points but just could n't . Rock n Roll , baby .
 Before you go thinking that I 'm one of those cranky people who leaves a one-star rating because of some fluke issue that only applies to me , you should know that the experience I 'm about to describe was shared by a friend of mine who bought this game -LRB- we were going to play the online co-op -RRB- as well as countless other people on discussion threads you can look up on Google with keywords like `` mercenaries ps3 freezing '' or `` mercenaries ps3 not working . `` As I said , my friend and I each bought our own copy of this game through Amazon.com . I was able to download the latest update to the game , but when I clicked the Start button , a message came up saying `` Connecting to EA Servers ... '' and then everything froze . Not only the game , but the entire PS3 console froze . I had to reboot . Every time I tried to get into the game , it kept freezing my PS3 console . I never even got a chance to PLAY the game.My friend and I have since done some research on Google . Apparently , EA has taken down its servers for this game , and/or it 's no longer supporting this game . In other words , they 're happy to continue selling it , as is Amazon , and taking your money -- but whether you can actually play the game seems not to matter to them.If EA gave a damn , they would simply recall the game entirely , or add a disclaimer on the Amazon detail page for this product saying that they no longer support the online functionality on this game . But no such disclaimer exists . Instead it says `` Play solo or in cooperative multiplayer mode '' as if that functionality still works properly . And it DOES N'T . I contacted Amazon customer service and they are allowing me to return the game for a full refund , even though I already opened it -LRB- never played it -RRB- . Kudos to Amazon for that , although I 'm still rating this a one-star product . Of course the hours my friend and I spent trying to make this game work , we will never get back . Do n't make that same mistake . Stay away from this game .
 Mercenaries 2 is the poster child for a flawed gem . Whether or not you can tolerate the flaws will dramatically impact your view of the game . That 's part of the reason why review scores for Mercs 2 are all over the spectrum.The premise of Mercs 2 is relatively simple ; this game is n't about story per se but does feature a somewhat entertaining if not clich&eacute;d storyline . You 'll start by picking one of 3 available Mercenaries hired to rescue a certain General by a rich Venezuelan . Shortly thereafter you 're betrayed by your employer and promptly shot in the butt . Thus begins your quest for revenge and the basic premise for Mercenaries 2 . Situated in Venezuela the environments are varied ; everything from cityscapes of Caracas and Maracaibo to the jungled mountains of the Amazons . The bonus of all the nice scenery is that much of it is completely destructible . And that ability to wantonly destroy your surrounds is what ultimately Mercs 2 is all about . Graphics are largely improved from Mercenaries original outing . Though the graphics in Mercs 2 pale in comparison to other graphical powerhouses of the current console generation . Make no mistake though , the scale and destruction in Mercs 2 will impress all but the most biased graphics connoisseurs.Mercenaries biggest detraction is it 's apparent complete lack of beta testing . The game as is has been patched and is still so utterly full of bugs and glitches that it becomes difficult to play at times . Glitches vary from the funny
 In order to play online you must accept EA 's Terms and Conditions , but in order to see those you must first get online . This catch-22 is solvable only by purchasing another EA game -LRB- Army of Two is purported to work -RRB- and accepting the terms using that game . If you do not do this you must sign out of the PSN in order to play the game because otherwise it will freeze on the menu screen while trying to connect to EA 's servers . Essentially multiplayer does n't work unless you use another EA game to accept the terms , and single player does n't work unless you do that or sign out before playing every time.If you do n't care about multiplayer or the inconvenience of having to sign out of PSN in order to play , the game is still not very good . Dated graphics , poor writing , poor physics , and poor performance are immediately noticeable . Avoid this game like the plague .
 the ruind the game I like action not to be runing up and down with a uglyest mercenary in the world , I were especting more action
 Bought this game to play with a friend who is one of those cranky people who leaves one-star ratings because of fluke issues -LRB- see review dated November 18 , 2011 -RRB- . Seriously , though , he is absolutely correct . The game is unplayable in online/co-op mode because of a lack of support from EA Games . In fact , their support site does n't even allow you to chat with them because this game is not listed in a mandatory field on their form .
 This product and all other copies of this game title are defective and if you have purchased this title recently you will want to contact EA Games for a warranty replacement . New copies are n't being produced and the servers have been shut down , meaning there is no EA support for the game . Dealers of this product need to take it off their shelves and potential buyers need to read this review before wasting time buying it .
 This game is a mediocre third person shooter . The game itself is kind of fun but for most people the game will not run unless you turn off the internet to your ps3 . This is because pandemic being the wonderful developers they are make it check for a EA ToS agreement before allowing you to enter the servers and view the initial EA ToS you are supposed to agree to . The only get around I found for this is to purchase a God awful game called Army of Two and agree to the ToS on that game and then immediately proceed to play mercenaries . This is a lot of work to play a game that is not very fun to begin with .
 This game had a good story and an `` ok '' solo . but i was pissed because i bought this game intedning to play alot of multiplayer ... well EVERY SINGLE TIME i tried to play online my main menu would freeze . After a long time of researching my problem i found out that the servers had been shut down and/or were no longer functioning . If u were planning on play with a friend dont bother buying it , i dont recommend this game unless your really that eager to play about campaign mode .
 This game should not have been released yet with the number of bugs present . There 's too many to list here -LRB- about 13 pages listed on the games main forum -RRB- , but they include things such as corrupted saves , enemies no longer attacking you until you start a new game , several graphical glitches , falling through the ground , coop not working ... the list just goes on and on . For me this game is almost impossible to enjoy being left-handed , due to not having the ability to modify the controls and the aim being stuck to the right joystick.The game has a lot of potential when the bugs are all fixed . If you 're willing to brush off all the nuisances caused by the glitches , then buy this game , otherwise , wait until the team manages to overhaul this game and stick to playing the first game . This goes for all consoles pc included . All are equally bugged and in need of serious patching .
 I bought this game , it looked fun but as soon as I put the disc in , it freezes on the loading . I have since read that EA no longer supports the game online , so first off , you can not do anything online with this , so its only a one player game , no online . For me that was fine as I only wanted to play the single player version but it freezes regardless . I have read that you should unplug or disable the internet so it will not go looking for EA , I did that , but its still freezing and I have yet to play even a second of this game that I just bought . I guess if Amazon can not help me to get it working I will have to return it .
 I read the reviews that said the game would not go past the load screen and ignored them . Bad call on my part . Do n't make the same mistake .
 The game was great but the disc itself was n't . The game would play for no more than an hour without freezing . It would always freeze on the same parts of the game . I had to save constantly or keep starting from the last saved point . The game was used but did n't look very scratched . I would buy this game new not used .
 I recently bought The Sims 2 Castaway ps2 , and It was fun ... for about 30 minutes . Now , I 'm a big Sim fan , and have beat many of the their games , but this one just does n't measure up the the older versions . Yes , it is different , and has alot of interesting things to do , but it gets pretty boring , especially since there is no 2 player . It 's all you , all alone , and it will lose your interest quickly.If you want to experience The Sims correctly , But the original The sims for ps2 or Com , The Sims 2 for com , or The Sims Busting Out ps2 . You wo n't be disappointed !
 My husband and I bought this keyboard for our -LRB- then new -RRB- HTPC over a year ago . We read a mix of good and bad reviews online , but took a chance and hoped we 'd get a good keyboard since it looked like a decent value . Well , the first one we received just did n't work . The second one worked ... sort of ... We ca n't use it from the couch 8 ' from computer , direct line of sight . By `` direct line of sight , '' I mean that the HTPC is at sitting height , and there is nothing but floor between the couch and the computer . If we stand right in front of the HTPC and point the keyboard directly at it , _ sometimes _ the thing will _ mostly _ work . Since we use the HTPC for our TV viewing , we are constantly trying to type in web addresses , and 95 % of the time this keyboard can not get through an entire address without a problem . You can not imagine anything more frustrating . We just received our new diNovo , so this keyboard is shortly -LRB- finally !! -RRB- going to meet an ugly death on our driveway.On the plus side , if you use your HTPC for TV and want your kids to read more , this product would suit your needs .
 The keyboard is supposed to be compatible with OS X , but it 's not . The biggest problem is that the keyboard is hypersensitive and repeats almost every letter , even with the system prefs adjusted . There 's also a delay before anything appears on screen . So I guess it 's also undersensitive . I found the joy stick hard to control , but maybe one could get used to it . The construction seems very cheap . Also
 This game is not as good as the Xbox 360 or PS3 editions . The graphics , weapons , and vehicles are the exact same thing as the original , with different names . The graphics are the same quality as the original , but the game is not half as fun or challenging as the first . A sub-par game on this system .
 Mercenaries 2 , a good game and is a lot of fun to play . But I am not reviewing Mercs 2 , what I am reviewing is Mercenaries 1 with a Venezuela skin . The PS2 version of Mercs 2 has nothing new to offer besides a change of environment and a few new vehicles . After completing the game and watching my brother complete it , I only found 1 new weapon , the sniper rifle , but it is only the mercenaries 1 sniper with a new look . The vehicles are mostly new , but they handle like the old Mercs 1 cars . In addition to poor gameplay , the story itself is lacking . How could they screw up a perfectly fine story ? First , they used the same cutscenes from the PS3 , Xbox360 , and PC versions . This is n't really a big deal , but it annoyed me that the PS2 team could n't be bothered to make their own cutscenes . Second , many missions are missing entirely . The story feels like the Cliffsnotes version the real mercs 2 . It skips from major mission to the next . And even the missions that are present are presented out of order . For instance , a mission requiring the player to demolish structures on an island is giving to the player as one of the first PLAV missions , when in the real version it is one of the last . The biggest annoyance is the ending . In the other versions , after destroying Solano 's bunker , there is a showdown on a helicopter , where the player can choose to kill Solano or turn him in . In the PS2 version , the credits role after the bunker is destroyed.In Conclusion , the PS2 port of Mercenaries 2 is simply not worth your time . It 's not worth anyone 's time . This brings up another complaint . Why are games like this still being made with PS2 versions ? They never come anywhere close to the standards set by the current consoles , and I find it doubtful that anyone would buy them after reading reviews . Finally , Thankyou for reading , and if you want to play Mercenaries 2 , go buy the real version , not this imitation .
 We have bought this game for my son and were a present for Christmas ; but when received we did not see that it was in french language.When my son opened the game and try to play with it he said daddy this game is in french and do not understand northing of they 're saying . I do not understand how this game is sold in US and shipped from NY has come with foreign language .
 This game is OK.It has its good points but is loaded with flaws.You are a Mercenary paid to destroy and kill.Choose between 3 people ; Chris Jacobs , Jennifer Mui , and Mattias Nielson.Pros : Same controls as mercs 1swimmingboatstropical environmentnew vehiclesCONS : Ca n't kill civilians and you lose money when you hit or shoot themboring storyboring mission structuresame weapons as mercs 1driving mechanis have decreasedtargeting has n't improvedflying is hardca n't destroy everything like in mercs 1All in all this game gets 5/10 cause it still is Mercenaries . Just so , so lazy .
 Not as good as the first game . To much confusion going on . You go here and there , butyou do not seem to accomplish much .
 After reading the previous raving reviews , I had to doublecheck my package to make sure we 're all talking about the same game . Sure enough , we are . I can only surmise that the previous reviewers are either not looking at the PS2 version -LRB- poor Game Cubers -RRB- or have not played the vastly surperior SOCOM I or II.So , when compared to SOCOM II : GRAPHICSRainbow Six 3 -LRB- R63 -RRB- graphics are choppy and poorly defined/detailed . The lighting effects are non-existent and - worst of all - there 's just no character to the houses , landscapes , or levels . It 's all about the ugly at UBISOFT , kids.GAMEPLAY / USER INTERFACEWell , R63 has team commands , but they lack the detail or functionality of SOCOM . The player CAN NOT easily order members to one area while flanking the enemy . Opening/breaching doorways and clearing rooms is a chore in Rainbow , while SOCOM offers various means and levels of participation -LRB- 2 , 3 , or 4 man clearing with or without explosives -RRB- . Moreover , there 's not even a map to look at - what 's up with that ? You 're going to stroll into combat and forget the map ? Me thinks not.Yet , this minor point underlies a litany of interface problems
 This game is really bad . Do n't listen to these people who say it is good . Because its not . It 's bad . It has bad control , bad graphics , bad gameplay . If you want to have more fun turn off your computer monitor and stare at it . That is more fun . If you want a good dinosaur game get Dino Crisis 3 for X box even though X-box is a bad system . If you want a bad dinosaur game get this one .
 Rainbow Six 3 for the PS2 is quite a good looking game and plays generally quite well , with a decent interface and controls.But I feel it has a significant problem . Let me make this clear
 Ubi Soft is at it again with it 's third chapter in the tactical Squad shooter , base off of a Tom Clancy book , Rainbow Six.After a botched operation the Rainbows are licking their wounds and wanting to get back into the action again to prove themselves worthy . There chance comes in the form of a massive crisis that involves OPEC , the US and the Saudi 's . A string of terrorist attacks is crippling the oil industry and there is a hell of a lot of finger pointing . It 's up to John Clark 's Rainbow Team to figure out what is happing.R63 takes the more traditional FPS format by only playing one person and seeing the weapon you are using , held in the character 's right hand . But this game also has a few small , but damaging features.No selective feature on the weapons , submachine guns and assault rifles are stuck on full auto/burst , making accuracy impossible.Too many friggen guns to choose from ! Normally that wo n't be such a bad thing , but I spent five to ten minutes thinking about which gun I want to use.At most you have three men plus you , no other teams . Of the three men you control , you ca n't change their equipment.Why is this game rated M ? The only blood that I saw was in the open cinematic and it was just two quick shots , there is n't any more blood or gore in the game , also not even a bad word is utter.Lets hope that Rainbow Six 4 will be better
 I 'm not new to the Rainbow Six games , and I 'm not new to first person shooters . I loved the first person shooter missions . But about half way through there is a ` bug phone ' mission where you have to place a device on the terrorists ' phone . First of all , what terrorist has n't switched to cell phones by 2003 -LRB- or whenever this was released -RRB- ? Second , I spent hours on this and never could get by the guy watching TV . The idea of these games , not to beat a dead horse , is shooting and strategy . I do n't want to sneak around like splinter cell -LRB- a much better game -RRB- when I have no options for climbing , knocking people out , etc. . And I did n't feel the PS2 game gave me the necessary training to get me through this mission . Like , was I supposed to move less times , or move less distance ? Or move at certain times ? And who stands in front of a widescreen tv for a half-hour ? AAAAHHHH !!! There 's a reason this game did n't sell well . If it was just tactics and shooting -LRB- like the Rainbow Six I know and love -RRB- it would be great .
 This game is terrible . The movement is difficult and cumbersome . Your team of elite soldiers are nothing more than bumbling idiots that manage to be in the wrong place at the wrong time . They remind me of the Three Stooges as they constantly run back and forth into the line of fire . Mine as well as the terrorists ! The missions are very linear and the maps do n't allow for any exploration . I had to choose between this game and Ghost Recon Jungle Storm . I made the wrong choice . I would not reccommend this game to anyone .
 This game was simply frustrating at every turn . I never really got into the tom clancy games a lot and tried this as a first in many yrs on my ps2 . The levels were just plain annoying , the level of difficulty as I remember was adjustable , and the enemy AI was generally quite good , the problem lies with your team mates , who will sometimes do the dumbest things ever . There is a level where you begin with only one team mate and must finish the mission without him being killed . I ended up spending 2 or 3 days working on this and atleast 10 hours time . Your teammate will simply run in front of gunmen , and I kept him at the very beginning of the level the whole time , but when I commanded him to re join me near the end , he would get killed , I couldnt complete the whole mission alone , as I was low on health . He only had to engage and kill 2 guys up a level of stairs and could not do it . Time after time , he would simply run in front of the enemies as they unloaded clips . I tried having him help me in another part of the level and he was continually running in front of a sniper ! This was not the only time a problem like this that occured . Play this game and you will know what I mean ! Ive heard splinter cell pandora tomorrow is very good , but avoid R6-3 !
 Rainbow Six & Alice were my first PC Games Long before PlayStation way before iPad ! -LRB- where i can do more damage with one finger than 10 on PC . -RRB- I 've played pong you work with what you have lol . Anyway Rainbow Six will always be a PC Game .
 This light is beyond useless - poor sponge bob is holding a flashlight that points to the sky - it does n't hit the screen at all and can not be redirected . He holds a ball that points at the screen that shines a pinpoint of light on the screen . Sadly , the screen is more visible without the light . Save your $ $ $ and keep away from this product .
 Call of Duty 2 is essentially identical to the first game . There are a few new weapons which I believe are most accurately and fairly described as `` sorta neat '' , and obviously , the graphics have received a huge boost as well . That 's really about it , however . It 's a solid game , but in no way a must-own title.Unless you absolutely have to buy Call of Duty 2 because you 're in a clan , you 're better off just sticking to the original . You 'll get exactly the same gameplay for a lot less money . And hey , it 'll run a hell of a lot better too . In fact , I even found that the updated visuals -LRB- particularly the bloom lighting and smoke effects -RRB- were often rather hard on the eyes and distracting to gameplay.Honestly , pass this one up . As stated in the review title , it 's just not worth it .
 BEWARE OF BUYING THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE VISTA IT WILL NOT RUN !!!!! A WASTE OF MY MONEY JUST EXPENSIVE DRINK COASTERS
 I just bought that game 'cause i heard a lot about that . yes that game was once famous . but now you ca n't run the game with the new MACs . I ca n't believe how come they do not update that game . When u try to install the game it says `` Classic Environment is not Supported '' and there is no way that you can run the game.I paid 15 bucks for nothing !
 Marvel Ultimate Alliance on the home consoles is another step above the X-Men Legends series , and is quite good . Marvel Ultimate Alliance on the GBA however , is a terrible , buggy beat 'em up with no challenge or replay value , which is a shame because the formula was great here to make a solid GBA game . Like the console versions , you are given a roster of Marvel heroes to choose from including Captain America , Spider-Man , Wolverine , Blade , Thor , Iceman , Elektra , and Deadpool -LRB- yes , Deadpool -RRB- , and unlockables in the form of The Thing and Ms. Marvel . Each level also gives you a `` striker '' character that when summoned takes out enemies on the screen , and here it 's in the form of Ghost Rider and Iron Man . Now , unlike the console versions , the RPG elements of the game are pretty much gone , replaced with a side-scrolling , Final Fight style that we 've seen all too often with comic book and licensed games , but it 's done worse here than I can remember in recent memory . The controls are so sluggishly bad and the hit detection is all over the map making the game so frustrating you 'll be throwing your GBA against the wall . The enemies you fight are of the generic , carbon copy brand , with some bosses thrown in at the end of every short level . You 'll also find that the game as a whole is quite short , although that may be a good thing so you wo n't poke your own eyes out in frustration . The graphics are grainy , there 's no real difference between each character 's abilities , and there 's a horde of bugs throughout the game as well . There 's some unlockables as well , but really what 's the point . Avoid and let your GBA die with some dignity .
 While the graphics were pretty good , this game was far too easy . Most characters played the same but with a different face . I played it on and off for a week and was surprised when I beat it . That was it?VERY disappointing .
 Terrible game . Controls are very jerky during the fights . Very short sequences . Graphics are ok but could be better -LRB- Dragon Ball GT had better graphics and controls -RRB- . Bought it because of the Marvel name . Big mistake.Haven ' t played the other console versions but its pretty obvious that the developer didnt really spend that much time on the GBA version .
 I have three of the Phantom slot games . . I was very dissapointed in the Reel Deal 2nd Vol . Love Reel Deal Nickels & More and Nickel Alley . They are great games ... Lots of fun the Reel Deal 2nd Vol did not have graphics and not nearly as many good bonus games ... I buy all the new slot game as they come out . . Masque also has some really fun slot game ...
 Ordered 2 from this manufacturer - both had defective CD 's - my computer is under complete warranty so even had Dell Tech try to install them . Had to return both games . Called manufacturer for tech . support - right - he told me it had a bad computer . So much for that - will certainly never purchase again .
 This game is too easy . you always win . for some reason it also resets my screen to 800x600 . I 've got XP home , maybe it 's different for other systems . I regret spending the money for this . If you buy it I hope you have better luck ! hagar101
 This is NOT the seller 's fault . No false promises were made . But I had difficulty loading this onto my computer ... both computers ... at home . Eventually I could play a game but it was hard to find instructions as to how to get to other games . I would n't have bought this if I knew it was going to be so difficult to use .
 will not load on my windows vista , after reading label it says supports up to windows xp , should have stated on web site , but probably why it cost so little .
 We own about 20 of these slot machine casino disks and most are from Phantom EFX as they seem to be the best . This disk has a lot of good ratings but when compared to the newer casino disks with advanced video graphic slot machines it is just not as much fun to play . This disk was released in 2003 and the quality of the graphics and audio tracks has improved a lot since then.If you go to the casino a lot you will like the new style video graphic slots as they are fun to play and very entertaining . If that is what you are looking for then Casino Gold Rush , Ghost Town , Blackbeard 's Revenge and Mysteries of Cleopatra are a lot more fun with more modern designs of slot machines . They are all designed and released by Phantom EFX.My wife felt that this disk was a bit boring after playing the newer ones . I know this review sounds tough but tastes do change and with this disk being almost 10 years old , the technology and slot design has changed a lot during that time period . Modern computers have more processing power and the later designed disks utilize that to their advantage .
 If someone gave you this game for free it would still be overpriced . Burning your money in a fireplace would be a better use of it.This game is terrible . You get like 24 plays total to call on offense and defense . The line buck is the best choice for offense , in a season simulation it averaged 31.2 yards per attempt.I would just like to add that now that it is selling for $ .01 it is still overpriced .
 I purchased this based on the greatness of Baseball Mogul . I thought if it was half as engrosing it could be a good game . I would say that it is just a disappointment . There is not enough player detail . Maybe the future Football Moguls will be better .
 Do n't buy Football Mogul 2007 ! The version on the disk has a fatal crash bug and the manufacturer no longer supports the product . I learned the hard way . I hope no one else wastes their money on this product -LRB- and Amazon should stop selling it -RRB- .
 Got a set of 2 of these controllers as a gift and I immediately had problems with the recievers . The controller would work great for about 2 minutes then the signal would be lost . I tried to get help through Pelican 's on-line customer service and although they agreed that I had a faulty reciever -LRB- actually ended up being two faulty recievers -RRB- and offered to send me a new one I never recieved one . I 've tried several times to resubmit my complaint but I 've never recieved another response from them . I would not recommend this product nor any other Pelican product . There must be something better out there .
 I bought 4 of these controllers thinking they would be as reliable as the original pelican controllers . 1 Worked right out of the box , 1 had to be manually set , and the other 2 did n't work at all in automatic or manual mode . I recommend sticking with the original Pelican 1 controllers or going with a different brand . Otherwise you have a 50 % chance of getting a bad controller .
 No im not someone who complains using opinion 's , i complain using facts . I have had alot of online experince with this game so incase you think i make it all up , check / who rosskennedy.First of all , the story line is so/so . The online mode is great , for the first few months , when you become more involved in E.G crews , Flag 's , Kings , captains , you start to come over a whole lot of stress . This game is full of backstabbers which is why i was in a whole lot of heat . Look onto it ... You raise money to buy ships and shops and swords and all , All these things just help raise more money , you buy houses to sort out your money , and the only thing you get out of that money is a few portraits you spend a life time saving up for ... Three Rings Designs is a dodgy complany who say if you say bad words USING filter Chat , it is ok , BUT i still got banned for it , After i was unbanned , i came back on to find my ultimate paragon Sea Battle was changed into ... ABLE NOVICE BATTLE NAVIGATION . After i saw this big upset , just left.IF YOU WANT TO BE HARTBROKEN/PUT UNDER STRESS/ANNOYED FROM THREE RINGS DESINGS/BETRAYED BY FRIENDS WHO STEAL ALL YOUR MONEY , SIMPLY DO NOT GET THIS ! For all people who disagree , keep playing it and you 'll find out =D , Thanks for reading .
 At first it sounds like a great game . Somewhat more realistic maybe than you may like but it starts out well . Kids may enjoy it . But ... the manual is not very helpful . It explains a lot of what you have to do but fails to really explain how to do it . For example , how do I keep my station from falling into the atmosphere ? The manual has a paragraph that talks about orbital decay and how to stop it . Kind of . I never figured out HOW the equipment was activated or how I could use it , or have the crew use it , to keep the station in orbit . And this is a SIM . Yes , you are spending a LOT of time telling people who should be very smart when to use the toilet , when to eat , when to sleep . When they are not carrying out repairs , turning machinery on and off , and getting whiny ! The game is about managing resources and keeping things in balance and keeping track of all the details . Sad to say , the interface could be better , I wish the manual had more details to help us with the details , and a longer tutorial would be nice . This game feels like it needed better testing . It feels very Beta . I have never finished a game , mostly out of boredom , and wonder if anybody else has ever finished a game ? How DO you finish this game?Also , to be honest , the graphics feel outdated . VERY outdated . I have seen reviews that stated the graphics were horrible even by the standards of the 90 's and , well , it is kind of true .
 The game itself was on it 's way out because of the lack of content and buggy environment . Many servers there is difficulty find a battle other then the one cluster where all the worlds people are and even then it 's not that much.Core combat split that up further . With more place to go explore , and more things to dig up , it has improved the content ... at over half again the game price . That 's 10 $ per new vehicle . Sorry but that is just not worth it , the game is on it 's way out and the developer time seems to be going to Star Wars Galaxies , the fair haired child of SOE .
 I first started playing Planetside about a year ago , deciding that after reading all the marketing blurb that this was the game for me ! - great graphics -LRB- and they are great graphics -RRB- , the lure of huge online battles and lots and lots of vehicles to throw around and do some damage with - oh yes !! However , I soon tired when the huge battles failed to materialise and any major battles you did manage to find to get involved with was decided simply by who managed to turn up in the most numbers on the day . No amount of skill or tatics on your part part could make a difference - its all down to numbers.Now if this was a game with some sort of goal , a common target which you and your allies were all aiming for and once achieved , was rewared in some way ; then this would n't seem so bad . But Planetside is perpetual war ; you join battle , kill and get killed , gain some experience points , respawn , start again and never really get anywhere . Just logon , join in with what ever struggle happens to be going on at the moment and then logoff , thats the game . And you pay for this too - yes , a monthly subscription applies.With the lack of anything comparable -LRB- except Tribes2 -RRB- I 'm disappointed to come back after a nearly a year to find that even with an expansion pack , nothing has been improved . It still looks great , but is still a totallay unsatisfying experience .
 Whenever getting into any SOE game , beware . The community is the low point by far . SOE forums are known for laughing over the deaths of pets and even players . Recently when a player of planetside had a brain hemmorage and died , the customers thought it the funniest thing in the world . You would be horrified to hear their position on the death of a pet.And that is usually the problem with SOE products . Although they have the technology and the financial resources to back up creation of top of the line products , they continue to fall far short in customer service and community management . In all internet forums there are jerks , the difference is that other forums -LRB- such as Atari 's Unreal Tournament forum -RRB- actually get rid of the filth and manage the forums . The only things that disappear from SOE forums are posts that decrease sales of the product through exposing weaknesses in them.As for the game itself , it is a great idea and poorly implements . Client side hit detection in the game is a hacker 's paradise . Furthermore , the company seems more interested in slowing down the achievement of players than making an enjoyable experience . Their recent expansion , Core Combat , was yet another example of their incompetence.There are many players in the MMOG industry . The days of the EQ monopoly are over and I suggest you check out their compeditors instead .
 Nice concept , a baseball game for the Atari . Very poor game though . I spend most of my time accidentally , through no fault of my own , throwing the ball to the wrong person and trying to get it back to the pitcher so the game can continue . It 's very fun if you throw the ball to the right person , but that happens so few times that I do n't think they tested the game before it hit store shelves . If you want a good sports game for the Atari try Basketball.There 's nothing real about this game at all .
 At the very premiere location on John Patrick 's website is this testimonial ... ======================= `` Last night I walked away from the casino having turned a $ 1000.00 bankroll into $ 8381.00 . I 'm glad I learned about the WIN GOALS and LOSS LIMITS or I would have blown my $ 1000 on a few games and tables . Tomorrow , I will do it all over again . I do n't ALWAYS turn such a huge profit but I always turn SOME PROFIT each day of gambling under your system . I have even applied your system further than you mention . I am lucky enough to live in a location with a big choice of casinos . If a CASINO is cold for me , I 've learned to apply the DISCIPLINE enough to leave that casino and enter another . I 've expanded your suggestions beyond just switching TABLES.I now sometimes think about how the casinos can take such big loses daily from me and I realize that the players who are n't using your system are the ones who are supplying the casinos with the money for my wins . I suggest every player get your books , tapes and NOW DVDs ! The only worry I have is that if too many people know your strategies of gambling success , the casinos would soon go out of business because of all the people taking payouts instead of paying loses.I used to think that your books , tapes , and NOW DVDS were expensive . I now wonder , what was I thinking ? I challenge anyone to find an investment that pays off even 1 percent of what the JOHN PATRICK SYSTEM did for me ! `` Mick Schofield ========================== It is total BS . I know for a fact . I wrote it.I was at his message board and a lot of people were posting negative things about JP which were all being deleted seconds later , including my own.I then decided to write the outrageous nonsense you see above . Not only was it not deleted , it was elevated to the absolute most premiere area of the site.I have confronted JP on this many times about him knowingly posting a false story . He knows the testimonial is bologna but he refuses to take it down.From what I 've seen of his products , his central advice is to change tables when you are on a losing streak , the DISCIPLINE he keeps harping on.His self testimonial `` I may not win much but I do n't lose much either '' . This is the most positive thing I have ever heard him say in reference to his own track record.Not really much of an endorsement if you ask me.Seriously , I would bet with no fear of losing , that JP 's record is of a slow gradual losing of money . Sometimes up for a while , usually down . The overall situation a constant descent.I do n't know how he got so well known to be able to write and sell his useless products but that is his true winfall . ================================= I got this for $ 3.20 . I just started playing Texas Hold Em and really enjoyed it -LRB- The game not this dvd -RRB- . This was cheap enough in a discount store where I also get an additional discount.At the time I was entirely unfamiliar with JP but since have got to know about him quite well.The dvd basically is a `` for dummies '' explanation of HOW TO PLAY Texas Hold em . There is very little strategy given . Basically he advices to walk away when on a losing streak . I have since found out this is his central advice for every one of his very prolific set of products.As for some of his strategy on best hole cards , he has it pretty much correct but some are out of correct order . He freely admits he does n't know the mathematical statistics . So basically he assigned a dogmatic ranking of the hole cards that pretty much conforms to statistics but where there is doubt , JP prefers to use his hunches and experience instead of bothering with figuring it out mathematically.I am not sure why an odds calculator is included since John Patrick tells he to not waste your time on finding out statistical odds to make decisions.Seriously , John Patrick IS NOT a good gambler . As evidenced by his many writings he is a poor gambler at best . He has barely progressed from novice status.I do n't know how he got well known but clearly if we were able to see his tax returns , the income would be from products not from gambling.On this dvd JP claims to be very accessible at his website and it actually is an absolutely valid claim . I have been there many times and -LRB- positive -RRB- messages addressed to him will be answered by him usually within minutes . He also is his own monitor and every time I have been there he is busy deleting criticism.JP does seems to be cracking up from the stress of his website 's message board criticism.One thing JP is known for doing now and then is responding to criticism by claiming to have done the posters wife and that he left her a $ 5.00 tip for the effort `` which should have been more than sufficient '' . Then JP will delete any follow-up messages giving himself the last word .
 I purchased this software second hand ; I had high hopes based on the reviews , but did not have a five star experience . With all of Mattel 's dollars , they could not produce a computer game that was interesting , did n't work at a snail 's pace , and had some kind of real challenge for a six year old . This software is n't even a deal if it were free . You ride a course & occassionally jump over something . That gets old real fast . Teresa asks for the same race over and over again & the race is where you run straight & jump over two things . Supposedly you can pick `` missions '' for Barbie , but they did n't work . You can groom the horse which consists of washing her with a brush & then brushing . These challenges would be better fit for a younger child , but since the software freezes & glitches up consistenly , there 's no age that this software is good for . Save your money for a better video game system !! So disappointing .
 This product was a CD only . I expected to receive a booklet or even a guide on how to use it . I did not find it very helpful . I hope you will be able to understand it and use it more than I did .
 Loved the movie `` Ratatouille , '' but the PC game from THQ , while featuring decent graphics , a great orchestral score , and many clever and fun elements , suffers from awkward gameplay leading to unnecessary frustrations . The system for controlling Remy , for example , is clumsy and awkward , largely because the camera angle , which adjusts automatically , will never look through walls or solid objects that obstruct the player 's view . If you back Remy into a corner or other tight space , you ca n't face the way he is facing , even with manual camera adjustment , until he moves out into the open . This is especially annoying when Remy has to navigate tight spaces with hazards lying immediately in the direction you ca n't look.Another frustration is that the same rules do not always apply , even in the same environment -LRB- e.g. , sometimes lobsters jump out of buckets , other times they do n't -RRB- . Granted , it is a story driven game , and to have all challenges present at once would be too difficult . But the seemingly arbitrary changes in the same environment detracts from the sense of really being in another world . Some world-governing rules make no sense , even in a cartoon world -LRB- e.g. , Remy can not jump while in the middle of a sugar spill . He does not even struggle and fail ; the jump button is simply unresponsive at that time -RRB- . Finally , there are elements of gameplay that are strikingly absurd , such as dogs and cats not pursuing a rat after it disappears from their immediate view , but rather forgetting it is there . Or the camera cutting from Remy being spotted from a distance , to dangling by his tail from someone 's boxy hand . The cats throwing projectiles from their towers instead of pouncing was a little odd , and the lobster version of that routine , in which the lobsters `` punch '' Remy from a great distance without physically touching him , is not only graphically ugly , but introduces an element of unfairness.This game had so much potential . I really wanted to like it . Perhaps the versions for other game systems are better .
 Mouse tracking is horrible.Controls do n't work smoothly.Even the menu interface is bad.How can you get this wrong ? Some menus are missing a ` return ' , and Esc does not take you back . Instead , you need to use the delete key above the arrows -LRB- not documented , and certainly counterintuitive -RRB- . Even clicking on the menu items is awkward , with the cheesy pointer and poorly laid out hot spots.Feels more like a something someone had hacked together in their spare time.I hope it 's just the result of a poorly executed port from PC to Mac.This was a xmas gift , which after a few minutes of frustration , was thrown in the trash .
 i bought this for my cousin so that we could play it together cause we both like disney games but when you come to the second level it stops being fun cause you have to paddle down the river avoiding whirlpools or you will be stuck in them and not be able to get out after an hour of trying this game went into the trash
 I purchased this so I could move my Wii to my second TV without moving all the cabling . As soon as I installed this component cable , I noticed artifacting in the image that was not occurring with the original Nintendo component cables . I was able to isolate the problem to the cables . I suggest everyone avoid them .
 these cables have some kind of shielding over them that can not be removed , and it is not full white , it has black stitching or something along the side . i got this cable because i thought it was all white , and i wanted it to be inconspicuous against my white wall . well , this breaks the deal for me . theyre going back . they shouldve included a picture of the whole thing and not just the connectors .
 I 've been playing SWG for almost two years now and my wife for just a few weeks less me . We put up with the nerfing of some of our favorite classes because the game was so flexible.You could create almost any kind of avatar , and because of the very cool skills and professions trees you could follow almost any career path.We met many people on line and joined our share of guilds but in on fell swoop SOE and LA have made our favorite characters useless . Suddenly all the maneuvering and point balancing we 've done on the skill trees to come up with characters that could hold their own in combat but had useful skills outside of combat are worthless.Everything that made our characters unique has been trashed . Now you can choose , combat machine , sneak thief , or support , no mixing of skills.I understand the kids who have the most money to spend for online games drive the market , and maybe most of them just want to play a commando and do n't care if he has any non-combat abilities but as adults we do n't have a use for this game anymore.To future players , BE WARNED , SOE and LA do n't care how many hundreds of hours you 've invested in a character . They 'll change the rules on you in a heartbeat that will make your character useless or eliminate their class/skills completely .
 You would think that a company would take into consideration the thoughts of its players . Unfortunately , this is not the case with the designers of the Star Wars Galaxies team -LRB- SOE = Sony Online Entertainment -RRB- . They will charge you for expansions and then turn around and remove 80 % of the professions that you have spent months developing . They do this with NO warning and will not refund money . They do not support the needs and desires of the playing customers . If there were ever an example needed of what not to do with your online customers , SOE could write the book .
 You might as well just throw your money in the toilet . Only the Star Wars name/franchise has been able to keep this game afloat for as long as it has been . With the latest changes , it will not last much longer.the SW : G Japan servers have already been shut down as of a few weeks ago . SW : G U.S. servers are well on their way .
 Here 's an honest question then ... I went to 6 different MAJOR cities and NONE I say NO ONE was grouping and I play in one of the most crowded galaxies -RRB- ... so what am I suppose to do ? I 'm level 80 and grinding Jedi -LRB- village points -RRB- ... so I think ok ill give it try and try to FIND my level mobs to kill while I try to find a group , incappd , die , incapped , die , incapped , die , incapped die , etc. . . I was soooo freaking frustrated I wanted to cry . So you saying that the ONLY way I can play this stupid game is if I hang around starports for hours on end and try to find some people to group with , THEN hope that they will actually fight when we get there , -LRB- which ive heard some people just sitting back in groups and raking in the xp for doing nothing -RRB- , and I do n't know about anyone else but after about 4 strikes to the creature im spent . I spend the rest of the time trying to heal myself -LRB- heal for 200 get hit for 1200 , heal for 300 get hit for 1200 ... hmmm I wonder what comes next ? incapped , die -RRB- . So seriously tell me how to play this game now if I ca n't group and I ca n't solo . Become a crafter or entertainer ? Lol . Oh and BTW ALLL my friends have quit the game . And frankly im almost there too.Gee you 're right this is a better game , I love how I HAVE to depend on other people to get xp . And how if I wanted a well rounded char I have to get another acct -LRB- im sure SOE thought of that when dev this CU -RRB- . You know and maybe people like to be alone sometime , to go exploring by themselves and not have to worry about being killed when I have to answer the phone , and may they like to watch their char fight instead of having to keep urn eye on the tool bar the entire time trying to gauge your next move ... FUN!Oh , and on top of it I just read that when you go to the higher level planets now and you die and do n't have insurance you might wake to CYBERNETIC LIMB - and not a cool looking one like in the movies but a gross disgusting puny one that wo n't have any combat uses . -LRB- You 'll have to get them taken off or replaced with another useful one -RRB- WTH ???? Do n't tell me these things are all bugs and just to wait till the devs get the head out of their a $ $ es . These are ALL actual gameplay problems that I would really like to have a serious answer to . Who has ever heard of a game released after 1 month of beta and NO game manual ??? I have a master character and I still ca n't figure out all the crap they changed ... why do we still have stimpacks if everything is `` magic '' based , and if everything is `` magic '' based why do I need an enhancer for everything ? And why cant a MEDIC heal wounds or stop bleeding , wth is the definition of a medic then ? -LRB- OH and I have n't mention my other char who lost all his combat skill points to a buggy respec problem that cs says that MAYBE LATER they can get too , -LSB- is soe going to refund me for their buggy system since my husband has n't been able to play for a week now ? -RSB- or the metal recycler I was crafting that disappeared and im told SOL on that one too -LSB- a known bug that was supposedly fixed pre CU -RSB- -RRB- I cant speak for all the professions , just the ones ive come across playing my characters -LRB- I have 2 accts and 6 characters and my husband also has 3-4 character he plays -RRB- I was a master TKA which was one of the coolest professions before CU , now its worthless -LRB- I got incapped by a level 3 meatlump and I only have 3 moves - combo hit -LRB- which is not working -RRB- dizzy and knockdown . Well appartly EVERYTHING has resists to KD now so I really had 1 move and it did n't work -LRB- bug maybe -RRB- The armor options are a joke - so I see everyone becoming a commando , or bounty hunter just to be able to wear half way decent armor , and the factional armor is joke too ... you need fp just to wear it ?? Wth ... just being part of that faction should be enough . Bone armor for battle ... lol and who designed the retarded padded armor helmets ... I look like I should be riding the short bus or maybe have a propeller on top of it . * RANT * What 's the deal with A beloved Star Wars icon like Darth Vader hocking fan fest tickets ... he is NOT SOE property to mock in any way they feel . I for one think it 's in VERY bad taste and it truly offends me as a Star Wars fan to have him paraded like a clown.This `` game '' is NOT Star Wars , anything star warsy about it is the remnants of a once beautiful game where a TRUE star wars fan could immerse themselves in something they had only dreamt about while growing up ... now its just an abomination . The biggest problem I think is not the game itself , its company running the game and the TOTAL lack of respect it has for STAR WARS , its FANS and GEORGE LUCAS . I 'm pretty sure he did n't ever imagine a star wars where all the fighters were on timers and they had special Tinkerbelle glitter evertime they did something , -LRB- and in game play what 's the deal with my head looking like a siren when im blinded ???? -RRB- ... I do n't know , I ca n't speak for him , maybe he did envision a company taking over the star wars name and making crap out of it ... I for one am little less excited about the new movie coming out , little less excited about the hype of SW and the merchandise ... I can take or leave it now . This is a sad thing.What is really sad is all they had to do is maybe put a cap on some of the uber things in the last game and maybe tweak a couple of professions ... that 's it . Would some people still complain ... sure they always did whenever something changed , but they probably would have just done what they always have done , and just got used to it . But instead they TOTALLY change the look and feel and the gameplay of the game giving you some thing completely different with out ever asking -LRB- at least I never received that question -RRB- . I 'm pretty sure if they would have they would have gotten the same responses as now ... no ... Just fix the bugs , and they would still have the thousands of accts in working condition . BUT I guess it 's not our game -LRB- the paying customers -RRB- , nor the overworked CSR -LRB- they have to be overworked with those terrible attitudes -RRB- , nor is it George Lucas ' vision anymore -LRB- I personally do n't think he would let sooo many SW fans down -RRB- ... it belongs to SOE . -LRB- A non SW , customer , CSR and George Lucas fan -RRB- . Well good luck SOE and I hope you do laugh all the way to bank , but after my subscription runs out you wo n't be laughing with my money.This is only MY opinions and I had to say all this , to get it off my chest -LRB- this whole CU thing has made my literally sick -RRB- , my husband has been pretty vocal on all this so far on the forums so figured since I loved this game as much as he did I should take a stand too . I 'll be putting this in on every SWG review , post , and sending it to as many gamer web pages and to Lucas arts and to anyone else I can find . I only hope that other fans have done the same if they are serious about the anti CU.PS . I NEVER thought I 'd say this in a million years but I ca n't wait for * gulp * star trek to come out . : \
 There has been a great disturbance in the Force , as though thousands of players cried out against the SWG `` Combat Upgrade , '' and were silenced.Star Wars Galaxies used to be an extremely fun , engaging game . However , as of the end of April 2005 , the game has completely changed . Just read some of the other reviews here talking about the so-called `` Combat Upgrade . '' SOE is losing a lot of customers because they ruined Star Wars Galaxies . Now , it 's just a cheap EverQuest 2 clone with Star Wars skins . If you want to play fun Star Wars games , try Knights of the Old Republic and Knights of the Old Republic 2 .
 cancelled ROTW expansion when CU hit.cancelled SWG days later.CU = death of SWG , and everyone knows it.WE WILL NOT PAY TO BETA TEST A PIECE OF S # $ % GAME SOE .
 I 've played video games since the days of pong and you 've probably went ot see the reviews on the star wars galaxies product site . There are a lot of people writing reviews that speak lowly of this game and there are those that speak highly of it.Be careful when you read the reviews . always look at the date . alot of the reviews were written by beta-testers of the game and people who 've only read other reviews before the game was actually realeased.With that said . SWG had a lot of potential . but fall short of anything new . In my other review ... Han Solo was no taller than a Jawa . The Devs and CSR have no idea what they were making ... I suspect that they have no idea what Star Wars is.The character creation is a lot of fun , but does not include all the species ... After creating ur character be prepared for the crazed player - driver - economy . There are a couple of money exploits that have driventhe economy to a rapid state of inflation that is ruining newbie players ' chances of getting decent weapons and armor at a fair price.The whole process of becoming the altruistic and wise Jedi is build on a system catering to power-gamers . You have to master a certain amount of professsions , approximately 6-8 ... No easy tasks , but it 's different for every player . The DEVS have implemented Holo drops that will tell you what professions you need to master to help waster your time mastering a profession that is n't necessary . But for those who are looking for the holo , be prepared to be isulted , cursed at , and even have your kills taken away from you b/c the holo hunt have gone absolutely crazy . Everyone is trying to get a holo , if not to become a jedi then to sell them for 15 million credits ... Holos drop fro certain NPCS that spawn inspecific locations , and these places are camped by eliet professions that have no idea what a true jedi is.The game is disappointing in that the DEVS and CSR do not respect the crafting professio class so much as the content of the game . In a rush to bring out player cities and mojnts , the DEVs negelected to iron out all the bugs in the game and left a lot fo players with problems that they have to deal with on their own.The publice forums www.starwarsgalaxies.com is no longer public b/c the DEVS do not want you see to how bad the game really is . Even when you post a thread regarding the details of the problems they delete it and ban you from the site . I know I was banned this morning.Obnoxious and rude poeple are inthe game and there doesnt appear to be any enforcement of these kinds of players even though SOE has said that they are committed to making the game a friendly environment for all people.Exploits are still in the game and the DEVS have not repaired them , but have ruined the gameplay of other classes and professios by nerfing them.There are a lot of other bugs with this game that could take years to write . But the most important thing that I believe a player should realize is that you wo n't get the star wars feel in this game . I was so sorry to have bought and played it , that I do not wish this on anyone out there . I hung on for 4 months hoping that the game would get better . . but it did n't ... All teh players that I first met in the game have all left . Do not buy this game card ... try it out for one month first ... and then cancel ... better yet . . dont buy the game at all ... May the Force be with you .
 I cant believe that people are selling this for $ 30 ! Lets think , galaxies costs around 10-11 dollars a month . So in 2 months or the 60 day that the card gives you , without the card it costs 20-22 $ , but with the card its $ 30 . I guess that 4 star wars trading game cards are worth 10 dollars!Please I simply want to open your eyes . Do Not Get This Card !!!
 I have played Star Wars
 If you want to get into the Star Wars world I recomend Star Wars Republic Commando instead -LRB- GREAT gameplay , no monthly fees -RRB- . In SWG , I got tired of running into bugs for most of the adventures/quests I decided to take . I would not recomend to pay for it . It seems to be a lot of new online games being released to play an old and buggy one.Player chat rooms and forums need to be moderated/filtered a lot to control upset clients from expresing their justified frustration.It could have been a VERY nice and fun online game -LRB- some people say it was , before changes SOE introduced some time ago -RRB- ... but instead I find it now very buggy , poorly patched , poorly supported and full of inconsistecies .
 They made a trial and a tutorial that seems nice but the real game is 100 % broken . Game is just about unplayable . The makers of the game , SOE and LA , say it will be months before it is playable . But they still charge you $ 15 a month to play an unplayable game.Check all the game review sites . They all say this is the worste MMORPG in the history of online games .
 When Star Wars Galaxies was first launched , it was an incredible and visionary game . The designers created a game like nothing that had come before it . The range of different roles available to players was incredible , and the virtual world was immersive and expansive.Players got the feeling that they were living in the Star Wars universe , something that many -LRB- myself included -RRB- had dreamed of since Star Wars first hit theaters.The games original combat system was highly sophisticated with a broad range of special abilities and a wonderfully organic feel , and players were free to engage in immersive and exciting PvE -LRB- Player vs. Environment -RRB- or PvP -LRB- Player vs. Player -RRB- adventure.Recently Sony Online Entertainment -LRB- SOE -RRB- the maker of the game , has replaced the core engine of the game , with a new one called the `` Combat Upgrade '' . Unfortunately this new system is lacking the vision and sophistication of the original game and is instead a lackluster clone of every other MMORPG on the market . This so-called `` upgrade '' has left the game flat and uninteresting and Sony is suffering a mass exodus of players.I for one have played the game almost since launch , and have learned to expect the routine introduction of new bugs into the game . I have also come to expect some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced with any product . These shortcomings however have always been mitigated by the fact that this was -LRB- until recently -RRB- one of the most immersive and interesting games ever released.Sadly this is no longer true . The game no longer holds my attention . My wife , daughter , and I have spent many hours playing this game and have many fond memories , but we no longer enjoy the game and find that most of our friends are cancelling their accounts . We will follow them.Although I was once a huge fan of Star Wars Galaxies , I can not continue to recommend it . This is now one of the poorest conceived games I have ever played . If Sony were to reverse the last publish , it would be a great game again , but as it stands it is not.I strongly encourage potential customers to consider other options rather than buying Star Wars Galaxies .
 The developers of this game have ruined it . They are constanly makeing terrible decisions that negativly affect the your gameplay . They choose not to fix major bugs , instead they release new content . This is because Lucas Arts does not have a clue what it means to run on massive multiplayer online role playin game -LRB- mmorpg -RRB- . They push out new updates and expansions to coinside with movie releases or their agenda when the updates and expansions are still full of bugs , but they do not care about there customer they only want to get the sale . Do not buy this game or you will be sorry that you did .
 What can be said that already has been said about this game . Pretty much not worth the time of day . Since the game is barely on life support becareful of getting a 60 day game card-high rumor has it that galaxies maybe pulled soon if things dont pick up enough .
 I 'll start with my summary before anything else
 Came with the DVD only . I am returning it . Seller should change the title to reflect the fact that customers need to buy a camera , too .
 This game is good for little kids , but would be boring for teenagers and adults . It has a number of different games on it and you stand in front of the tv , but mostly you use just your hands to play it . I was looking for one more for adults to play and this is not it . However your young children might enjoy it .
 Using this is tricky . You have to have bright light -LRB- difficult to achieve in our basement -RRB- and stand the right distance from the TV . My kids found it an exercise in frustration . After a couple days of trying , they stopped using it .
 At first , I was very satisfied with this game , its concept , and its execution . It is very fun and gives kids a great workout . It is targeted at little children and kids of all other ages . That being said , the game hit a very wrong chord with me . One of the many games on it involves pretending to prepare food . At one point , a chef comes to challenge you -LRB- my 4 year old son -RRB- to a cooking duel . When my son beat him , the game said `` Damn , you beat me '' . I do not want to expose my children to such language and I find it annoying that a game that targets children would contain such language .
 I liked the game for the few minutes I could play it . i got a bad copy and although I got a refunded I never bought the game again so that soured my experience .
 I do n't see what the other reviewers see in this game . The graphics are o.k. , but it 's crap ! I played a level where Peter helps free Edmund from the White Witch , and stabbing the Cyclops ' and Minotaurs does n't hurt them , but picking Edmund up by the neck and swinging him around like a club OBVIOUSLY hurts them ! CRAP ! And also , the characters mouths do n't move when they talk ! Either they 're very good ventriloquists , or the creators of this game were too lazy ! I would only recommend die-hard Narnia fans rent it , and see if it 's any good . And trust me , this game is n't scary ! -LRB- I mean , -LRB- ... -RRB- but only 7,8 , or 9 year olds could be scared by this , this , this , CRAP ! -RRB-
 I love the `` call of duty '' games in general , so I bought this version for the wii . It is abhorrent.The controls are often backwards , and change from scene to scene , such as when spotting enemies for a tank in the beginning , you have to use the minus -LRB- - -RRB- button to `` fire '' but later on , it is a different button . When using mortars and anti-tank guns , you have to rotate the wii controller to position the gun to fire , and it always seems backwards from what it should be . The heavy machine guns do n't aim like the real thing , and they are useless compared to the normal machine guns , such as the Thompson or the MP30.Maps
 I am not really into console-based FPS games but my friend told me to get this game because it would be awesome.Well I got the game and let him try it out first . I quickly started to get dizzy watching him as his finesse was lacking . Then I gave it a try . The controls are layed out well - trigger is shoot . Reload is pulling up your nunchuk , change weapons is moving the nunchuk to the left ... but implementation is poor . Looking around is done by pointing the remote . But the head does n't track the remote quickly so it leads to a lot of `` player induced oscillations '' that got me dizzy to the point where I really felt like throwing up . And I am not a new FPS player ... Battlefield and CounterStrike have wasted more hours of my life than I would like to admit here . So I am pretty confident when I say the gameplay/controls suck . COD2 on the PC -LRB- which I 've played for a few hours -RRB- seemed better to control.Of course the graphics here are really nice ... the characters use very human gestures.I just really was not satisfied by this game . You can get shot so many times and still live . It 's pretty mindless and all you 're doing is blasting away , and getting frustrated at the delayed-response of the aiming apparatus.My recommendation is that you rent this game before buying . It 's not `` all that . ''
 I would blame this game sucking on the Wii , it is unfortunate that the sequel to COD2 had to be this game . I played it on the X-Box 360 and it was n't good there either . I was only able to stand playing the game for about an hour . After that I could n't bring myself to touch it again .
 I absolutely love the call of duty series , but do not buy this game for the Wii.The graphics are pretty bad even if the Wii is n't a pwerhouse graphics console , look at Legend of Zelda , those graphics are pretty good for the Wii.The gameplay is n't so bad , but one of the most frustrating things about this game is aiming . Aiming is clunky and if you whip around to fast to get at someone behind you , the sensor might go off screen and send you turning . It gets really annoying . I played it at a friends house and put it down after maybe 10 minutes.Bottom Line - Do not waste your money on this game . I do n't think the Wii was meant for shooters , it is for fun family and party games . That 's why I have a Wii and a 360 .
 This game is horrible , if you have XBox360 , purchase it for that system , as you will find the Wii controls way too cumbersome . The slightest shift of your hand results in the view on screen changing completely . Do n't buy this game .
 We 've all seen world war II games . Call of duty 1 and 2 were amazing . Call of duty 3 was more of the same and it just got worse with the Wii version . Here 's why : - The Wii remote has been able to make even the most medicore game a hit . examples include dragon ball z and excite truck . However that 's only because the controls were able to work right . The controls on this game are frustrating . The nunchuck controler is used as your look finder and more often then not the cursor goes way off screen . So you end up spinning everywhere . What fun is a game if it does n't control right ? - The graphics are game cube quality at best . Realistically , it 's more like N64 . You can see the polygons all over the screen and you do n't get the feel of crispness that the 360 and PS3 offer.-There 's no online support like the other systems . I 've said enough.-On the upside , The game does have intense firefights . Sadly the poor controls and lame graphics cause this one upside to be quite underwhelming . Plus the lack of Online multiplayer causes the firefights to lose their replay value.IF you must play the next installment of the series . Play it on one of the other systems .
 Ah , How many gamers have stormed the beaches of Normandy so many times that it quite frankly gets a little boring?Most of us.Activision , EA and several other third-party developers keep pumping out run of the mill WWII games.On to CoD3 , Wii version.I had high hopes for this game , but when I got it I was dissapointed , It has an unacceptably short campaign , graphics that look like something out of the early 2000s ` PC games , control is too unresponsive for the `` gestures '' , such as throwing a grenade , driving the jeep was fun though , this game also has a great framerate , but at the sacrifice of the graphics.Pros : Control is great except for the grenade gesture.The veteran interviews were fun to watch.Many variety of weapons , including mortars and anti-tank cannons.Sometimes the enviroments look quite impressive.Voice acting is great.Cons : Grenade gesture is unresponsive sometimes : Bad graphics and the Wii is capable of so much more , after playing Metroid Prime 3 . -LRB- Disaster
 I am someone who gets motion sickness playing most modern video games and watching handi-cam movies -LRB- like Cloverfield -RRB- . When I first tried Call of Duty Modern Warfare I got ill , as well , during the training section . I jumped back into it after my son played a few levels and got through my control-button confusion . I ended up loving the game and went looking for another Call of Duty game . I bought this one . -LRB- I am not great with these games . I find ways to beat the levels , but it is more about being smart in how I play and less about being nimble with the controllers . I lose badly to my kids in any multi-player battles and hate levels where I am running on a sinking ship or flying and shooting things . I am really good only in two dimensions and end up running sideways without knowing where I am going or losing control of the thing totally . -RRB- Unfortunately , the same button controls from MW do n't do the same things with this game . Reaching for the -LRB- - -RRB- button or the 2 button constantly are annoying and I am getting sick again playing . I tried to reconfigure the controls to the format I was used to with Modern Warfare , but it does n't let you do that . I do n't understand that . I should be allowed to configure the button options to my preferences . Plus , you would think this would be standardized across a game title for all the versions.I do n't enjoy the old guns as much , or the crowded scenes . I know its an older game , but I am just not liking this version . Plus , the compass is round and old-school , making it harder to figure out where you are going.I am debating getting World at War , or giving this another try . I will probably give up on this soon . Its just not as fun . I know that 's not fair , since this is the older game , but still , I wish the control buttons were the same and the scenes were more open , easier to see , hear , and understand .
 Do not buy from this company -LRB- Activision/EZ corp -RRB- . I purchase this game for my son for Christmas and it did not work . They contacted me with a nice email apologizing and promising to refund my money and sen me a new game . They have done neither .
 This game lives up to the CoD name . That alone should describe the depth of the story and the dramatic plot driven encounters . Any true CoD fan will enjoy it . That , however , is the end of the similarity.The controls on the Wii are horrendus , not to mention tiring . To look , turn , and aim you had to point the Wiimote at the screen . I used the Wiimote to the capacity in Twilight Princess and it worked great , but that was only because it was used sparingly . In CoD 3 your are requried to keep your hand pointing there . If you prop your arm up its not to bad , but your arm will become quite fatigued.I think what I didnt like the most was that there was very little forgiveness in the game . If I point at a guy and my hand moves or shakes , which my hands do constantly , you miss . It is near impossible to actually kill someone . I made it through the levels but it was n't easy and it was n't fun.Basically , if you can hold your arms straight out for hours on in and you have hawk like percision then this game is def for you . But if you ca n't or you have the smallest tremor in your hands then do yourself a favor and pass it on by .
 I 'm amazed anyone else here could write a review at all for this game on the Wii . No one at my house has been able to get past the first hand-to-hand combat with the German soldier . We tried dozens of times , different strategies , different controllers - nada . The game even prompts you with instructions during the melee , but nothing seems to work - fast , slow or otherwise .
 I 've played this game for about 2 hours and I do n't think I 'll put it in again . I 'm used to PC FPS games . I did n't think this one would compare to Battlefield 2 , but I thought that it would at least compare to a game like Battlefield 1942 which is several years old . This game is not even close.See all that beautiful scenery ? Well , it 's just a picture and the game reminds you of that over and over again . Every objective is an invisible maze decorated with trees and walls and all kinds of detritus . Anything from a board on the ground to a brick wall has basically the same effect of being a smooth , invisible barrier . It would n't be so bad if the herding was done well , but in several cases I found myself hunting around for the scripted way out of a house or bunker or walled courtyard.The cut scenes are painful in the extreme and they keep making you watch them everytime you cold start the game . This is true even if you 're on the last checkpoint of a level . I think that the point might actually have been to sacrifice game play for the story.It does serve as a reminder to never ever buy a game sight unseen . I ca n't believe the number of people who 've recommended this game to me . Even if the gameplay were fantastic the lack of multiplayer and no skirmish mode would kill any long-term value that it had . Rent it first , you might get my copy .
 This game is nothing like the Call of Duty series that I 'm a big fan of on the PC -LRB- created by a different game design studio -RRB- . There is no multiplayer mode so all you have is the single player campaign which has nothing even close to the depth of Call of Duty for the PC . On top of that the graphics are poor . I found it hard to tell the difference between a brick wall and an enemy soldier . Maybe I 'm spoiled from the excellent graphics of my desktop PC but if you want to play Call of Duty on a budget , do yourself a favor and grab a $ 40.00 AGP -LRB- Radeon 9250 or Geforce FX -RRB- 128MB video card and the original Call of Duty PC game . I promise it will be way more fun -LRB- with better graphics and exciting multiplayer game play -RRB- for around the price of this Call of Duty 3 Wii game alone . For FPS games stick to the PC but for something fun and well suited to the Wii try Rayman Raving Rabbids - it 's fun and really shows off what the Wii is all about .
 The melee portions of this game are very difficult to get past and are an extremely frustrating part of the game . So far I have been trying to getpast the melee part of chapter 1 and have been unable to do so , despite reading the hints I have found on the web . And the instructions in the game itself are useless . I regret buying this game , it more frustrating than fun .
 I bought this game , thinking that it would be fun -LRB- regardless of the multiplayer , which , by the way is unacceptable -RRB- . The truth is , the `` coolness '' factor wears off extremely fast , and then it just collects dust . Out of all the Wii games I 've played , this is , by far , the worst .
 I 'm going to start this review by saying that I came to the Wii as a lifetime PC-only gamer . I have never felt the need to buy a console until the Wii and its fun controller system came out . The aspect I was most excited about was controlling first person shooters just as precisely and intuitively as the mouse and keyboard , together with the added entertainment of using it for other motion-activated actions within the game -LRB- rowing , throwing grenades , close combat , etc -RRB- . As a result , after spending the night out in the cold to get my console , and flushed with excitement at seeing all the merchandise , I grabbed three games
 While playing the game there were some problems with remote and game . Did n't always connect making it hard to play .
 Received the Dreamgear 4 in 1 cooling stand with high hopes only to have them crushed 5 minutes later as the fan quits working . Although the blue light still works it is completely esthetic and serves no useful purpose . I obviously do not recommend this productRun Away ... Fast !
 This item is poorly constructed . I was not at all impressed with the quality of the item for the price .
 I ordered this product specifically because I needed a replacement AC adapter for my Wii and the cooling station was a bonus . This item has a misleading title and I will be returning it .
 The site said that it was a wii charger-cooler , and it was just a stand with a fan I did not see the batteries that the pictures showed .
 The name is very misleading ! `` Dual Charger '' means there are 2 different ways to charge ONE remote . You can buy a true `` Double Charger '' for the same money .
 I orderedWii Charge 'N Play Dual Chargeras a Christmas present for my granddaughter . By the time I found out that it did n't work , the 30 day return period for Beach Audio had passed and they were unwilling to help me with a replacement . They gave me a 877 number for the manufacturer and I 'm still waiting for a call back . I 'm very disappointed .
 I played this game for a few minutes . It seemed fun but you will quickly realize why it is being sold for around $ 30 -LRB- outside of retailers -RRB- . Each race is about 1-2 minutes long which does n't give much time to actually have fun.Customizing your character consists of changing outfits and colors , not stats -LRB- speed , jump , balance , etc -RRB- . This game honestly felt like a minigame . Perhaps fun for a little bit , but there is no real immersion into the game . All you do is race , unlock locations and race some more.I would have given this game another star or 2 if the steering was n't so harsh and if doing tricks was more than mashing buttons . To craigslist this goes ...
 I decided to buy the game based on the very positive reviews I read here , and now I 'm starting to wonder if Activision is seeding reviews . I can understand how it 's possible for folks to have different opinions about some titles , but really , this game is just horrible on every level.The graphics are poor , and that 's in comparison to other initial Wii-released games . The use of the Wii controller is unimaginative . And the gameplay just stinks . To top off a lousy game , the cut scene quips between races are so insipid that I ca n't help but feel a little offended that any game developer would think that I -- or anyone else -- would actually be amused by the junk .
 Well I have been a fanof the Tony Hawk seriespro skater 1 came out.Downhill jam is n't as greatas I thought it would be.It get 's boring after the first 15 races andit seems like you 're just playingthe same race every time just on a new course.This game was a BIG dissapointment
 In my excitement for the Wii , I was less careful than I should have been . This is NOT a typical Tony Hawk game . It 's a street race with an extremely limited selection of tricks and moves . I was expecting something much more akin to THPS/THUG . So I was very disappointed and it took me awhile to warm up to the game.That said , it 's not a bad racer . The controls take a bit of getting used to ... especially if you 're a THPS veteran . The levels have some decent variety and there are some very good ones , but many of them are quite bland . In racing games of this type , you get used to neat little short-cuts or even longer routes that are off the normal path , and you 'll find those here , but they 're very sparse -LRB- either that or extremely well hidden -RRB- . The graphics also lag behind other Wii titles like Excite Truck -LRB- a far better fantasy racing game -RRB- . If you just HAVE to have a Tony Hawk game , then you probably already got this , but normal fans of either the Tony Hawk series or the Racing genre will find better options elsewhere .
 If you search Google for reviews on this NDS title , you 're more likely to find mixed reviews than for any other NDS game.One critic will give it a 'D ' rating , the next will give it a ` B - ' rating ... This is a good example of me , & the reviewer below me who gave it 5 stars.I could n't disagree more ... I 've given this game a lot of chances , but sometimes video games start to become more of a chore than just fun . . & that 's what slowly occurs with this video game . At first , it 's not so bad ... But then you realize how annoying it is to use the touch screen for every little thing . You notice how easily you die , & how the game seems to lag during fight sequences . Also , you have to carry around the siblings with you , no matter who you play as ... Which is very annoying . It should 've been more like the Lord of the Ring games for GBA , where you pick one character & play the game with one character . The game is basically very boring . When I 'm playing it , it feels as if I 'm in detention & ca n't wait for the bell to ring so I can stop playing it.The mood is n't , `` OH MAN ! I know I should get to bed , but I just got ta beat this one quest ! that 's all ! Just 5 more minutes ! `` The mood IS , `` Eh . . Man , I spent 30 dollars on this game . . Well , I guess I 'll keep playing it & hopefully this quest will be somewhat fun `` Overall , I would n't recommend this game folks . **** CONS **** - Bad battle system - Game seems to lag - Feels more along the lines of cleaning your room than going on a video game adventure - Very chore-like - The touch screen is used for basically anything you want to do - Very easy to die - Brothers/sisters get in the way during battle & are extremely annoying **** PROS **** - Good graphics - Good music - Good storyline2/5 -LRB- most people disagreeing with this review work for the company that made it -RRB-
 I did n't really like this game because it had bad graphics and it did n't really relate to the story . If you really want to buy thisfor someone make sure they are old enough to know what to do because I 'm 11 and I 'm really good at video games and I thought it was pretty hard .
 It takes 2 minuets to finish this game -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating -RRB- ! It 's NOT WORTH IT !!!
 Nothing works , the program crashes the computer , contacted manufacturer several times , no response!Save your money !
 I did n't care for this game not as much fun as Rapala and the graphics are n't as good .
 This joystick is very old . No vista drivers . With plenty of searching one might be lucky to get drivers for XP . My advice is spend the extra cash and get a Logitech Extreme 3D Pro , a joystick that is much better and compatible with wider range of operating systems .
 This software is a prime example of what a bad written software can be ! After I installed the software , I did not find any good way of trimming away some of the excess fat in order to make a good quality backup -LRB- i.e. lack of program options -RRB- . Fortunately , I found some public domain software - `` InstantCopySettings '' to help with this . The software takes way too long even on a P4 machine to transcode a DVD . The real icing on the cake is that after it automatically adjusted to fit on a 4.7 GB DVD+RW , it complained about not being able to write to the disk . Since it creates the content in its proprietary format , I could n't even use Nero to burn it to the DVD . DVD Shrink Beta 5 did a great job of converting including writing to the same DVD+RW disk - i.e. the disk was not faulty.I also tried to make a DVD using still images . Could n't figure out how to make this work.Saving the worst for last - this software also installs `` Instant Drive '' . This interfered with DVD Shrink making it hang . I can not even uninstall the `` Instant Drive '' completely -LRB- amateur programmers ! -RRB- . I did get the software for free after rebates - but it is collecting dust now ! I would recommend staying away from it .
 My laptop came pre-installed with Instant DVD/CD but my experience is the same as many of your other correspondents ; I have yet to burn a DVD successfully - it appears to go all the way then either slows to a trickle , never quite completing the burning operation , or simply crashes . Their web-site is no help , I 've installed the most up-to-date patches but there 's no improvement and apparently no help . I think I will go back to Nero if I can actually remove this successfully from my PC !
 This review is for Pinnacle Instant CD/DVD version 7.06 . There is a newer version on the market , so I was able to pick this up cheap , thinking that I was getting a bargain . Guess again . I was hoping that I 'd be able to edit video files that I 'd ripped from DVD after changing them from VOB to mpeg . No luck . Whenever I try to import video it crashes . Have n't tried other formats yet . Maybe I 'll have better luck with avi or mpg , but I 'm not holding my breath . In addition , the interface on the video editing software is idiotically simple , yet simultaneously unintuitive , so you get the worst of both worlds.Patches ? The Pinnacle website was no help , having only three links in the support section for version 7x . All of the links were dead , but it did n't matter anyhow because none of them appeared to be related to my problem . Have n't contacted support yet.Oh , and good luck getting this thing off your machine if you do n't want it . Not only does it not come with an uninstall , but it stashes files all over the place , and it screwed up my other burning software so that it would n't work ! If you install this , make sure you use a program that keeps track of the changes made so that you can completely uninstall it -LRB- I think there 's something in Norton utilities that does the job -RRB- . In addition to the craptacular editing program , Instant CD/DVD comes with several other programs , none of which interested me . I have tried the disc burning program -- I had no choice since Instant CD/DVD screwed up my Nero files -- and it worked the first few times , but it soon started crashing , too . I figure it crashed about 20 % of the time . I 've also tried Instant Copy , which is included in the Instant CD/DVD suite , as a stand alone program and found it remarkably underwhelming . It takes for-e-ver , even on a P4 machine . I much prefer DVD Shrink , which is free and decrypts discs , unlike Instant Copy.After spending hours fooling around with Instant CD/DVD I realized that it 's much more than just bad software . It 's a material refutation of the dogma of free-market efficiency . If Pinnacle is still in business , then clearly , clearly , markets do n't work in the manner that economists like to imagine.The most satisfying thing about this software is the feeling you get when you throw it in the trash .
 Read this warning - - - I purchased Pinnacle Studio 11 and Instant DVD came with it . If you want to use Windows XP Drag and Drop , Nero , Roxio or any other burning software , DO NOT INSTALL THIS PRODUCT . As soon as it is installed , this product completely takes over any CD/DVD burner that you have and you will not be able to record with any other software package , including Windows XP and Windows Media Player . It took me several days to find out what happened to XP , The record tab was removed from the CD \ DVD properties window and I could no longer use Drag and Drop , or my Roxio burning software . The only way I could get full use back was to un-installed this product . No software should to this , and if I were the makers of Roxio , Nero , and even Microsoft , I would make sure everyone found out about what this product is doing to disable their products .
 I have used several Pinnacle products in the past and when Instant CD/DVD came out I bought the package right away . Having already had a few DVD 's ruined with scratches , I thought I would back them up . What a mistake as it turns out Instant CD/DVD will not copy any copy protected movies , and practically all are protected . Buy DVD X Copy or try some of the free programs . Do n't waste your money if you are buying to just copy DVD 's . If for other reasons , go ahead , as the package has some nice features .
 Even though this purchase was rather inexpensive it was still throwing money out the window . It would never recognize my burners in the destination sections when I tried to burn a DVD from the HD . The hard drive was the only destination source it would give me . Contacted Pinnacle and after trying several suggestions that didnt work they sent my an e-mail that said they no longer supported this product and said I should upgrade to a different product they had .
 I 've been using computer software for years but this program was very hard to use . I finally just gave up and uninstalled it .
 Shortly after buying the product I had to replace my computer and the product was not used .
 This game had high expectashins as a call of duty franchized item ... it should have stayed ps2/pc ... you aim with the X - tringle - O - sqair - buttens , and the aim assist is beyond reduclis on its extream movments and somtimes you end up with your back to the enamy because it whips you around chasing one guy ... the movment is difcult with the aiming the way it is , yet the game over all finished way to fast . Not worth the price not worth the time played
 First off , the product description here at Amazon is incorrect . According to the box , this unit `` works with ALL PlayStation 2 consoles . '' This is a word-for-word quotation from the back of the box . It may be designed specifically for the slim Playstation 2 models , but it is also designed for the normal models . There is a button to push that allows the input of this multi port product to slide into the position for either shape of model.Secondly , I have n't gotten the product to work correctly yet . It 's doing the same thing the other Mad Catz - , Game Shark-brand multi-port adapter did . I plug in the multi-port to my slim-model Playstation 2 , which is the model number 77001 , and the fan turns on high and the system crashes . Then , the power shuts down . I have no idea why.For the information of the customers of Amazon , the friend who bought this product for me for Christmas got it from a local Best Buy store . The date on the product is 2007 , which is the Christmastime I write this article . This fact excludes the possibility of my Playstation 2 model being produced after the release of this Mad Catz , Game Shark multi-port product.Although it is the 26th day of December , I ca n't get through to the technical department at Mad Catz-Game Shark . The number provided on the back of the box of this product sends me to an answering machine which , before `` the beep , '' tells me that the technical service department is `` at lunch . '' This is strange , because , in Pacific time where the service department is located , I tried calling multiple times from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. Yet , the woman in the message tells me that department is open from 8 to 12 and from 1 p.m. into the afternoon.I guess lunch time for the technical service department happens to be during their open hours , if I assume that December 26th is a work day in which the technicians would be taking their lunchtime . If it is not a work day , then the technicians are at lunch even though they do n't work . The trouble with the latter possibility is that I do n't care if technicians are having lunch when they are off from work . To me , the `` off work '' thing kind of means it does n't matter when those technicians are at lunch.Here 's the phone number I called appearing on the back of the box
 I love games that let me control superheroes , but the game play here is just boring , and the storyline is weak . There is no real strategy or skill to the fighting other than wailing around on the buttons until the bad guys die . You would think that the make-up of your team would have some sort of impact on the outcome , but the only real reason I could see for picking particular characters was to live out your own fantasy of having superpowers.I would n't waste the money . They should have thrown this in for free .
 I heard all the rave reviews with the game . . but after playing it . . it not all hyped up to be.all the characters play almost similarly . what the developers did was create different skins for the character.the powers . there is the lightning , the ice , the psi bolt ... . basically all the same but just loooks different.you dont get a sense of feeling like a superhero . . but at least you get to look shiny . . -LRB- like the background . . not good . . makes it even harder to see yourself -RRB- I have a 26 inch widescreen hd tv ... and these superheroes look like mini heroes ! You cant tell who is friend or foe or if foe is even there !! many times i find my self just button mashing away thinking there is an enemy . . and there isnt any . I normally sit 10 ft from the tv . . and many times . i find my self 5 ft from the tv at the end of playing . . cuz I just cant see a THING ! and I just recently had my eyes lasered . . so it cant be my eyes . . : Pbut . . if u like to waste your time . . it is a good thing to waste ur time . . tho . . it may not be worth the headache in trying to find things onscreen ... oh . . one more thing . . the game is glitchy . . the only game to freeze restart my ps3 3 times in 5 days i had it . and i almost felt like i was playing on an xbox . . : P
 I like the game , but it is very hard to play on the PS3 . The graphics are a bit choppy and jump around . . and there are some points of the game where you have to do some silly things with the motion sensing PS3 controller -LRB- you ca n't get by that part of the game unless you use that motion sensing feature . -RRB- We had this game for the PS3 , but ended up selling it used and getting it for the Xbox 360 . The game itself can be fun ... but do yourself a favor , if you have BOTH the Xbox 360 and PS3 ... make sure you choose the Xbox 360 version for this game .
 players are so tiny , not what i expected . its cool that u can be a lot of different super heros , but I like when its just one player on the screen showing his powers , not 3 superheros on a tiny screen trying to finish a board going through a ton of villians.my opinion . .
 The graphics were n't really that great . Reminded me of PS1 . This game is more for little children .
 I played this on my friend 's 360 and then on my own Playstation 3 . -LRB- I confess that I 'm a Playstation fan -- bought the PS1 , PS2 , and now the PS3 . -RRB- The frame rate and color depth on the PS3 version are pretty depressing in comparison to the 360 version . Sure , it 's a simple little game ; jump around and hack and slash or use your specials . It 's a mindless sort of fun . Simple . But you 'd think they could do more with a $ 600 system and such a `` simple '' game . It 's not like it 's using photo-realistic graphics or anything , and yet ... I feel like I 'm using a really slow computer to play a really graphically enhanced game . Needless to say , I feel very let down . The game itself is good , the game on this system is not.At least I still have Fight Night ...
 The game sucks . I cant believe i bought this at 25 then went and sold it for 15 . The camera angle is the problem . U are unable to control your view as well as the awkward controls and the story ... . what story .
 rented this mainly because i wanted to 1080p graphics ; this game is a joke . another poor quality game from activision ; save your money , not even worth a rental . activision spends more money on marketing than game quality .
 This game was an amazing game until xbox 360 got Dr. Doom as a playable character . The greatest hero in the marvel universe should be playable on all systems . Other characters are ok , but the ps3 bump over the ps2 version is mainly graphics . colossus ' grab moves are amusing but who the hell cares about moon knight ? If people want to play as batman they should buy a DC game rather than settle for the cheeesy marvel knock off version . Overall the game is very fun and I will modify my review to 5 stars the game would otherwise deserve if they come out with Dr. Doom as a playable .
 This game purports to be an action RPG but I really just found it to be a tedious button masher . This game and its sequel are usually sold for way more than they are worth .
 I do n't often review games , not being a hard-core gamer myself , so I thought I would write a review for the casual gamer.My first mistake was playing Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 first . It was actually fun . Yes , it took some getting used to and is , overall , pretty arcade -LRB- ? -RRB- compared w/other games I had played up to that point -LRB- such as Dead Space and Resistance . I never played video games before X-Mas '08 when I got my PS3 , so I am late to the game . No pun intended -RRB- . What I mean is , MUA2 is kind of juvenile . Not just in it 's story and action but the gameplay itself . It was very different than the scary , intense , bloody , action FPS games I had played before , but , being a huge Marvel comic fan from the 80 's , I wanted to play it . As I said , it took getting used to , but , overall , I came to really get into it and thoroughly enjoyed it.So , of course , I wanted more Marvel fun and thought , after reading reviews , give a go w/the first MUA . I guess this is how games were BEFORE X-Box 360 and PS3 . Glad I did not bother w/those . First of all , there are NO voices , u read EVERYTHING . Makes for strange gameplay . Often times , I find myself hitting the ` X ' before I have read the dialogue . The graphics , in particular the colors , are amateurish and low-rent compared to today 's games , which is to be expected . The controller , which certain scenes require you to move in a rapidly changing direction , are so bad that it takes the fun away from the game itself . I guess , in summary , if you are used to playing older generation games then you are used to this level of game-playing . Having not played the systems before the PS3 , I find this game LESS THAN stellar , mildly amusing at best . For the price it costs used , I guess you ca n't expect much .
 Neat graphics , fun at first but the battles and fights are all really repetitive . Alot of different characters to play as . Fun but not alot of replay value .
 I have played the game on PS2 and I loved it ! I heard that the XBOX version is a little better -LSB- probably because of graphics -RSB- , but for the Gamecube , I think in my opinion it does not work at all ! First , the controls for the GC version are much more hard to learn . Second , the graphics suck on GC ! The only go graphics in the game are the cutscenes on GC . Anyway , if you have a GC , you can buy it as a collecters item if you liked the movie and comic books , anyone else , only rent it .
 This could have been so much better . The hardware is ok , although the undersized controllers had my hands cramping in short order . My main beef is with the software.This thing does NOT have an Atari 2600 or 7800 core in it , all the games have been reprogrammed -LRB- poorly -RRB- . It 's as though someone described the original gameplay and sent screenshots to rookie programmers who then reimplemented the games without ever playing them . Yeah , it 's that bad . Many of the games will be unplayable for serious gamers , although they could still provide amusement to small children.Games which are mostly accurate
 Give me a break . This is the worst joystick I have ever tried.The games have terrible graphics -LRB- I know there old and all -RRB- but still . Some of the games are all right such as food fight breakout and super breakout and centipede -LRB- millipede -RRB- . But it all goes down to the joystick which is a load of you know what.Go with the sega arcade legends .
 i bought this at gamestop for 40 dollars it sucjs what kind of a game is food fight or centipede the controllers they suck i cant explain the controllers thats how bad they are if you want a classic system get the the only the best the best there is the best there was and the best there will ever be super nintendo super nintendo is the golden oldie it is the the goldent gate bridge of gaming
 The hardware is nice , but the software screams `` rush job . '' Like the JAKKS all-in-one units , the Flashback uses a different hardware platform than the original chipset these Atari games were designed to run on . As a result , we get copies of copies of old arcade games , with a lot lost in the translation . Collision detection is off , sounds are missing , and the game set is n't as good as the games from over twenty years ago that it pretends to collect . For the price , you 'd be better served by finding a flea-market Atari or settling for the Jakks Atari joystick or paddles.UPDATE
 Stay away and wait for the Flashback 2.0 , which looks much better . They really messed this one up . The sounds and graphics look like someone did them from memory rather than first playing them on a real atari . Worst is ADVENTURE . This has always been a favorite of mine , and was sad to see that the programmer 's room was screwed up in the Jakks emulation , but here , it seems to not exist at all ! There is something peculiar and thin looking about the graphics throughout and the gameplay is not the same at all -LRB- just try moving diagonally -RRB- . The dragons do n't so much chase you as simply impale themselves on the sword , and the bat 's AI is very strange . I 'd be curious to hear if anyone was able to find the dot or access the programmer 's room easter egg in this version . Some of the other games were decent , but the klunky joysticks ruin the enjoyment .
 Being an avid classic gamer , I had been excited to pick up one of these Atari Flashback units since I first heard about its development . Once I finally plugged it in and played the games ... well , let 's just say I 'll be returning it to the store.Apparently , this console was a rush-job , developed in only ten weeks , and it shows . Instead of running on the original hardware , these games are being emulated . This leads to all sorts of graphical glitches and gameplay problems . Desert Falcon has so much flicker that it 's all but unplayable . I was unable to select different tracks/surfaces in Sprintmaster . The ship in Asteroids does n't drift when you fire the thruster . There is no gravity in Gravitar . The list goes on ... In fairness , some of the games played flawlessly - Adventure comes to mind , and the previously unreleased Saboteur . The paddle games -LRB- Breakout , etc. -RRB- were faithfully represented , but I found them too hard to control with the joystick controller.I am extremely disappointed because this console had so much promise . I sincerely hope that Atari can perfect the system and release a new version .
 I admit , I do n't happen to be too terribly impressed with this product , but I commend Atari for the effort -LRB- for a much better job , try the Flashback 2 when they get the second version out in stores -RRB- . A lot of the disappointment comes from both a. -RRB- the NES-on-a-chip style hardware , and b. -RRB- the games were not re-programmed very coherently.I do have to say , that since it IS `` NES-on-a-chip '' , it could be used for other projects . Another thing is that the joysticks are FAR more comfortable than the original Pro-Lines , and those with some electronics know-how can make adapters to use these on their computer
 I have very little to say
 this game does not play on th new xbox 360 like many of the other original xbox games do , so beware in your purchase
 I only recently dumped the disks for this game . MOO2 was fantastic and I looked forward to this being much the same.Unfortunately , I found it heavily convoluted . It was overwhelmed by getting down into the nitty gritty of every planet you owned and I could not handle it.There was a certain amount of AI you could put in charge , but you had to check up on it to keep it in line . Fighting also left a lot to be desired . Most of the time I found my tail getting whipped , even with superior numbers.I would say , go back to MOO2 or get Space Empires 5 . It was much closer to a inheritor of the MOO legacy .
 A nice game with Terrible implementation . The interface is a Dog . The publisher took a great game concept -LRB- master of orion2 -RRB- and ruined it .
 I have played MOO2 and was excited about playing the 3rd installment . It had great potential but very poor execution of the game . The tech takes for ever to build up , the ships are extremely slow to build . The level of micro management is rediculous i think , but if your looking to blow some money on a less that ok game , get it .
 Lost in translation moment in what was an otherwise excellent space strategy series . MOO3 has an overdose of menus and build/management screens that pulls you out of the game and kills the enjoyment factor . I still pray for a rebirth for this title .
 this was actually a lil fun ... i had exams when i got this game and i did not study ! i just had to zero it ! lol
 WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE ?!! This game is a shameless , pointless , ineffectual ripoff of the Onimusha series ! I bought this game after reading the rave customer reviews , only to be gravely disappionted . I 'll give it full points for beautiful graphics , but the combat is only barely better than button-mashing , you only get ONE magic ability - which is almost impossible to use unless you have the reflexes of an ACTUAL NINJA - and the boss-battles in the later stages of the game go beyond challenging to just frustratingly hard ! If this genre appeals to you , play the Onimusha games - they 're FAR BETTER . If you 've already played the whole Onimusha series , either RENT this game out of mindless boredom or spend your money on something less boring . I just do n't understand why everyone raves about this game ... it 's a shameless ripoff of the Onimusha series , but it 's not even remotely as much fun !!
 Certainly this game is like movie , you have to wake in every scene , I dont undertand nothing , this languange is weird .
 First , I have purchased this game online via STEAM , and I am a European customer -LRB- from Germany -RRB- . After installation all the blood & gore was missing , dying sequences were removed -LRB- the enemies just drop dead -RRB- , and one of the scripted sequences has been cut -LRB- as I found out later when looking for solutions on the net -RRB- . Obviously Valve/STEAM checks where the customer lives -LRB- probably via IP address or credit card number -RRB- , and once you are in Germany -LRB- for sure there are more countries like this -RRB- , the game is severely crippled . Although there are no laws requiring this ! Just an act of anticipatory obedience to a hysteric state agency somewhere abroad?Let 's face it
 Having finished playing Half-Life 2 , I bought this game after reading positive reviews on the internet and hoping for `` more of the same '' , to be honest.Sin Emergence uses the same graphics engine as HL2 , the action and gameplay are similar , the graphics and environments are similar , but the storyline is weak , as well as the level designs , there are to few different enemies , and the characters , both friend and foe , are tasteless and unappealing.It is probably a bit unfair to write a review strictly based on what other games have to offer , but if you are hesitating between this game and Half-Life 2 , you should DEFINITELY get HL2 . If you have already finished HL2 and are looking for something similar , you will be disappointed with this one.Knowing what other FPS games are out there , I really ca n't see myself recommending this game to anyone .
 this game is so cheesy with a funky camera i advise you strongly not to get this game . Now im going to be bombarded by unhelpful review by people who like the game but this is n't for you this is for people who are thinking of buying the game jerks i cant stand the way they move and jump around it so easy my freind beat it and hes the worst video gamer i ever saw
 It is not a sick game with guts and gore it 's a sick game becuse of the horbile gameplay frezzeing and way to easy.Gameplay 3/10The gameplay is not so good it took me 2 days to beat the game becuse it takes about 5 minuits to load and then you have to got talk to a person that wo n't shut up and you ca n't skip levels however the sowrd is a little fun for about 5 minuits untill you rellize you ca n't get upgrades and you will be useing the same fairy wand and sowrd attack the whole game.Sound 1/10The music is mostily romanitc music so it wo n't scare the little kids away form the game.The frist level song jest pissed me off I had the mute the volume jest to stop listen to the whole crapy song also one of the songs in the game is vary Insulting to christans here is a line from the song Heven is hell Hell is hevan god knows the truth.Which is way I sent a conplanit to the neopets team.Controls 2/10Pressing O to attack tringle to jump X to call your stupied pet who fallows you around and doens ' t do anything and runs away when it you start to fight a fatso knight.Also the controlls need to be changed becuse this is to wereid of a combanation espcilly when square does nothing.Graphics 0/10Who whould say that these graphics are good these look like N64 graphics it reminds me of when I whould play legend of zelda on my N64 and whould kill thare better looking monsters this should be edited to look more like a PS2 game.Now you know why not to buy this pice of S ** T becuse it stinks anyone who gives this game 5 stars is drunk on drugs or doens ' t have a brain .
 Out of all the games ive ever played this one is the wrost!On the frist level you play as a lion with a sowrd and wack little knights around.What I was expecting a lord of the rings type game with more then jest this.I am not a neopets fan but I brought the game becuse it locked pretty fun but i jest wasted 40 bucks on a peice garbage.When you start out on the frist level also beware that you will probley be thare for about 60 minuits becuse it will freze and you talk to alot of pepole that dont shut up.I tried it 3 times beforit whould stop freezeing and get to the game play.I was expecting better from a e10 + game uselly these game are alot more intense then this and contain some langugage but this on should have ben rated e for all ages becuse once you fight a person it jest runs away from you and leves money behind.I went to level 2 and froze 2 times and then used a magic wand to knock dow objeicts from the ground no fighting at all and pretty much thare talking the whole time.Also the story isnt that good etheir its about a land called neopia a place were animals called neopets live that are ragalure pets in real life but have other names are being forced to move away to a land were no fun is.But two others were gone when this happend so they are away on the quest to save thare pepole.I never finished the game becuse i returned it becuse of the gameplay freezing and loading peroid was about 3 minuits every time.So i got my 40 bucks back and another game.Beware the game is not as good as it locks
 Hey who do you think you are below me trying to make me sound like a dorky 11 yearold I hate neopets and you do n't know my parents becuse they work alot and I have played GTA I have 3 vice city and san andures and for christmas I got Librity city tales for my PSP.And I have a gamecube and XBox.You ca n't guess pepole jest by who they are on the Internet.And my parents never said I chounld ' t go on neopets the guy below is drunk bye bye buthole : >
 I hate this crap it stinks I returend it becuse of all the time it took to load to play a stupied level stay awya from this game of tare or you might die dum dum dum .
 I am sorry to say that this game failed even though it looks cool it is relly not.Here are some reasons not to buy it .1 . It freezes every 15 minuits2.The controuls or tarbile .3 . loading takes about 10 minuits or 5 minuits less .4 . The game has lots of puzzles and not a alot of fighting5.The e10 + rating is a lie this should be E.I have been a fan of neopets for a long time but did not like the game.Find another game or go to thare website .
 Neopets is the dumbest game out thare all you do is run around as a lion with a sowrd attacking fake looking monsters.One question why is the game E10 + If it 's so babyish If you want a cool sowrd fighting game get lord of the ring 's or prince of perdisa.I am 0 % neopets fan .
 Thare are way better games out thare then this peice of crap.For christmas Im geting tons of M rated games like Halo 50cent bulletprof and GTA librity city tales.The reason Im only 14 and can play M games is becuse Im relly mature.But this made me wet my pants becuse of the viloince the crapy sowrd sucks.the pepole run away once you slash them.STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME MERRY CHRITMAS AND I WILL WRITE AGIAN TAMOOROW .
 this game is stinky i hate it i gave it away neopets stinks stinks stinks stinks ! i hate it stupid wolf got hiself killed a lupe wat kinda name is that ? and that funky looking thing with magic it looked ugly i threw up at the stinky cheesy smell when i opened the cover of this game cheesy ! My dog had more fun than i did while he was sleeping booo booo hate this game . go to stinky neopet website and stink up the homepage some more its all yellowy the home page and cheesy from that game eeeeeeewwwwwwww . grrr hate the person who said it was fun . neopet freaks computer nerds !
 Having been an adult Neopets addict since the web site 's early beginnings I really expected more from this game . From a RPG veteran 's standpoint the graphics are very primitive , but that 's because it was created for the PS One and had a late release.You really need to download a free guide online to navigate the game because there are sidequests , hidden secrets and many things that will stump you along the way.Things in this game can be annoying depending on your patience level . If you are n't a jumping game fan it can get frustrating . And without listing any spoilers I will say there are aspects of this game that will drive you crazy until you figure them out . If you are a Neopets fan you know that 's the norm but some kids new to to the genre might not have the patience for this game . It sure tested mine.The boss fights are fairly easy until chapter three -LRB- for me it was forget getting past the Hissi without a cheat . -RRB- It 's really more about strategy and which character you use.Overall it was a good attempt at a first game for Neopets and it fit in with their online storylines but I prefer their website . It 's a good game with a lot of play hours if you are still enjoying your Playstation 2 and want to add to your collection .
 I brought this game for my little sister for her brithday and we were sad that it took forever to load.She cried and we took the game back.We hope pet pet adventures will be better .
 Ok this is what your geting.A crapy super childish game for preschoolers.I brought the game and beet it in 2 hours incluiding my lunch.If your under 5 this is a good game for you.Under 5 it 's crap.Pros.Short and easyCons.Stupied fighting to much camra problems and stiped fairy and lion.P.S.I am not a member of that stupied billy henderson 's cool club .
 There should have been a '' Smurf '' on the package face instead of an adult so that older persons do n't make the mistake of buying it . So far , of all of the golf games that I 've purchased , nothing compares to '' Tiger Woods Golf '' .
 I 'm one of the biggest Dynasty Warriors nuts on the face of the Earth , so I tend to follow most of KOEI 's games when EGM reports them -LRB- they REALLY need to make a Gitaroo Man sequel -RRB- . Samurai Warriors sounds like a great idea
 I love the Dynasty Warriors series , so when Koei came out with Samurai Warriors I was thrilled . I thought it would be very much like DW , but with Japanese history and characters . In many ways they are alike , and in some ways they are different and that 's still good . The `` musou '' attack in SW is sort of a time freeze where you are still in control of your character unlike DW . I thought that was a nice change , although I still like the Musou attack in DW also.In SW it feels like I am constantly trying to figure out where I need to be and I never seem to be close to the right place . The maps are more confusing than DW . It shows an X marking where I need to be , I begin heading that way and find a closed off gate . I am then forced to backtrack , losing mission time.The game is pretty cool in some ways , but I find myself yelling at it more than enjoying it.I would rather play Dynasty Warriors 4 Empires personally .
 The strongest character in the game , Keiji Maeda , the `` Lu Bu '' of `` Samurai Warriors '' , I used in a dash attack against Nobunaga Oda and instantly I was slain by his musou . Mind you , I had him maxed in level and weapon . This goes to show you that no matter how hard you try , in this game at least , you 'll never get what you want , in this case I was so close to clearing the Abyss option , where you descend 30 floors , fighting off baddies . That moment where Keiji was slain was when I officially said , `` Screw it ... Screw it '' . The Abyss is a fitting end to my satsifaction to this game , because it was like I literally gone to Hell because I could n't try hard enough.Enough of the blues . In a clear conscience , I would rate this game as 1 out of 5 stars overall.The worst part about this game is the Character Creation . Every game player who has creativity will want this . Not in this game . The options are limited . The training in which the character goes through makes treading volcanic lava easier . I would give this part a 1/2 star out of 5 stars . The reason I spare a half a star is because at least there IS Character Creation in the game , and they get their own storyline like every other character.The only significance it has to me is that I had it for seven years , roughly . Yet seven years after buying it , I still have n't completed Goemon 's or Noh 's storyline because it was too hard .
 It lags . doesn ' swing in realtime even after you adjust the settings as explained in the manual . Would I have bought it if I knew that ... probably not . I am still using my xbox controller .
 More than any other expansion pack to date , `` Legacy of Ykesha '' demonstrates the clear intention of Sony to target youngsters with disposable incomes . The questionable addition of Frogloks as a playable race -LRB- very cute characters ... they resemble Kermit the Frog , and do cute little cartoonish backflips when they cast spells -RRB- , combined with the overall `` Sony PlayStation 2 ~ ish '' appearance , and overly simplified gameplay reinforce this obvious marketing ploy . Kids will love it , though.Whilst the addition of a few new bells and whistles into the player interface are handy at times -LRB- the Guild Manager tool for example -RRB- , ultimately those features serve to further clutter up the player 's screen with gadgets that are rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- used during the course of normal gameplay . Overall , the screen appears to be too `` busy '' as a result , and some players find this to be more of a distraction than a gameplay enhancement.Finally , the price of this supposed `` expansion pack '' is not warranted ... especially when one considers that it may very well simply be those sections of the previous `` Planes of Power '' expansion that were not finished in time for the Christmas sales . `` Legacy of Ykesha '' was released -LRB- suspiciously -RRB- far too soon after `` Planes of Power '' was for me to easily believe it was a completely separate project all along.My overall assessment would be this
 I got these thinking they were a good deal , despite the reservations I hold about buying third-party hardware . For a while , they worked great and I was happy , but a few months after my purchase , the sound cables and the blue input stopped working correctly , resulting in a reddish-green image and a lot of high-pitched beeping whenever I turned on my system . If you want decent HD cables for your Wii , spring the extra 20 for the ones Nintendo makes -LRB- they 've been working great for me -RRB- .
 My complaints have nothing to do with the quality of this cable but with the `` component '' image you receive when turning on progressive scan on the Wii . In my opinion while the image may be a little sharper on my 42 inch 720p capable display it actually looks worse than interlace because of the pixilation you can now see .
 Beware !!! I bought the white and the green one for my eight year old son . With in two days the little paddle , for lack of a better thing to call it , on the white one broke . Very , very upsetting for a kid !!! He honestly used it maybe a total of an hour and as he was playing it just snapped off . Poor craftsmanship or a fluke you decide !
 I ordered 2 of these controllers months ago . They were never shipped and could not get and answer back from company when i tried to inquire about my purchace . They canceled my order with out informing me and let me find out on my own when i contacted Amazon . I will never by from this company again in my opinion they have very poor sales practices and a customer service dept that ignores their customers .
 Beware !!! I bought the white and the green one for my eight year old son . With in two days the little paddle , for lack of a better thing to call it , on the white one broke . Very , very upsetting for a kid !!! He honestly used it maybe a total of an hour and as he was playing it just snapped off . Poor craftsmanship or a fluke you decide !
 I ordered 2 of these controllers months ago . They were never shipped and could not get and answer back from company when i tried to inquire about my purchace . They canceled my order with out informing me and let me find out on my own when i contacted Amazon . I will never by from this company again in my opinion they have very poor sales practices and a customer service dept that ignores their customers .
 The controls are difficult to use and the game play is not up to the current standard for this genre .
 The old Leisure Suit Larry games were inventive , testing what society would accept in terms of a game . The sex-oriented humor was the main staple of course , coupled with an adventure styled game . Magna Cum Laude has none of the adventuring , and the humor is far less subtle or inventive . The game is made up of several mini-games , and while they are mildly entertaining for about 15 minutes , they do not a Leisure Suit Larry game make . Sierra should be ashamed of itself . On top of that , now they want to release an `` uncut and uncensored '' version . Who are they kidding ? Most of the options are in plain text files .
 Sierra brought us many wonderful titles over the years , including the Kings Quest , Hero 's Quest , Police Quest , and Leisure Suit Larry serials . In most cases , they did a good job putting together creative , cute , situation driven puzzle games . Here , they delivered an appalling blend of poor graphics , bad language , and simplistic game play.Gone are interaction with characters , puzzles , and good writing . Instead , one plays simple 2-D mini-games and views poorly developed cut-scenes . The game is a bizarre blend of exceptionally childish `` humor , '' such as fart jokes and random acts of not-very-clever profanity , coupled with 4 or 5 mini-games so shoddy and simplistic they recall the days of CGA . Too simple for those over 10 , too profane for those under 16 , this game would not be worth playing if it were free . At $ 50 , Sierra sells their reputation and little else . I will think twice , and read some reviews , before purchasing another Sierra product .
 What a travesty ! And it 's a good thing for Al Lowe -LRB- the man behind the original LLL series -RRB- that he had nothing to do with this pathetic loser of a game . Leisure Suit Larry was meant to be an old fashion `` adventure '' -LRB- roll playing -RRB- game , the fun was in the interactions , the discovery of the use of various items you found , not to mention the humor of the game . Okay , we have the humor -LRB- kind of -RRB- . . but we have just about nothing else . Shame on everyone for this rip off of a classic .
 This game will amuse and entertain an inexperienced 12-15 year old kid . So if your not in that age range ... skip this game.It is dull , repetitive , uninspired . This game was hyped up to sell you on the concept that it was going to be a baudy , risque ' game for adults . Well , there is certainly no nudity . There are certainly no interesting game moments . You spend your time playing skill games equivalent to FROGGER to accumulate points to `` score '' with the targeted female . YAWN !!!!!!! It is brief , dull , pointless . Here is the worst part ... the scumbags behind Larry -LRB- Sierra - which has been teetering on collapse for years now -RRB- are releasing an `` UNCENSORED '' version that includes nudity . So if you already WASTED $ 30 , you will have to do it again ! Here 's a tip ... if you already own LSL , you can download NUDE patches for the game from some of the popular gaming websites that will make it exactly like the uncensored version for FREE !!!!! Just Google it and you 'll find it.Save your money . Teach these guys a lesson by not buying this game . Make them pay in GREEN for doing crappy work , hyping a product and trying to steal/waste your money !
 If you are looking at this game because you enjoyed the original LSL series , know that this is not in the same calibur . The games are simple and repetitive . Certainly not the complex and amusing puzzles of the original . Some of the mini-story lines are amusing but overall it is not that original or entertaining .
 I 'm in my 30 's now so I played the original LSL series as a teenager . Wow what a difference.The original LSL games were adventure games where you had to figure out what to do next , which objects to pick up , what to do with them , who to give them too , etc. . They were a fun challenge that could last for days on end.The Magna Cum Laude is really just a series of directed mini-arcade games and challenges . If you ever get lost and ca n't figure out what to do , you can look in your black book and see a list of people that are waiting to interact with you . It even tells you where they are . You go up to them , and you either start an arcade game , or there is a brief cut scene , and then you start an arcade game.I gave it 2 stars rather than 1 cause some of the cut scenes and story lines are cute and funny . I really liked the demonic voice of the band girl . That had me laughing.I would n't recommend this unless it was clearance priced for under $ 10 . . And I do n't think it will be long before it 's there .
 What they have done to the LSL line is a travesty . There is no adventure , no strategy , just mind-numbing mini games that Larry must play . The mini games are boring and stupid . The games on my cell phone are better than these . One of the games involves pressing the arrow keypad in the correct sequence over and over . EG the computer will tell you to press `` Up , down , left right , left , up , left , down , right '' very fast . You must get the sequence right , and then copy several more sequences . Remember `` My Simon '' ? It 's like that . The rest of the mini games are equally bad . Avoid this game at all costs !
 Bought the game and played it through . Just because I paid for it I guess . Very disappointing though . Those worthless mini games . After a few I just wimped out , had enough tokens to just bypass those . They were annoying . Could n't keep up with them anyway and were n't that much fun . Well , maybe the one where you have to pass out the flyers . The dance one , man give me a break . Try and drink a few beers yourself and do that . You have to be really sober to do all those mini games . Just wimp out it 's easier . I was glad when I finished the game . I 'm not sure about the ending though . I guess it ended and I went on Spring Break . Is that right ? Not sure . Anyway , I loved the old Larry games but this was another attempt in search of more money on old fame . Shame though . And what 's with this mature rating , hell everything is censored . Give me a break . I 'm going to give it to my son to play and he will probably `` laugh '' at me for giving it too him . Oh well , I guess this is probably the end of the `` Leisure Suit Larry '' games . Kind of liked them though .
 If you are up late at night , and do n't mind the difficulty in installing the software , and you want nothing more than crude humor , and do n't have cable television , this is your game.Otherwise , there are much better ways to spend your time .
 I admit I played LL1 and 2 from a friend when they first came out decades ago . However , LL : MCL falls short of imagination . Instead we get a far more sophisticated LL character beyond his supposed age with touted 90,000 lines of dialogue , and far more crudeness and now gay bars . Most of the girls are airheads or psychos , too young for their own good , and having a LL game in college just does n't seem in line with LL 's traditional adult storylines . Overall it gives younger players the wrong impression of LL . LL was n't trying to score as much as possible , he was on an eternal quest to find a real relationship . Like another reviewer said , it feels more like a `` volleyball bod '' game . That and the drunken mini-games become impossible to play after while . the 3D world seemed too compressed as well .
 Well ... what can I say . This is the worst Larry game ever . I had so much fun with all of the other ones , from Land of the Lounge Lizards to Love for Sail ... I have played them all -LRB- sometimes several times each -RRB- and had a ball . The games were actually funny and enjoyable back when you needed to use your wits , not your joystick hand -LRB- pun intended ! -RRB- to have a good time.This version , however is not only boring , but repetitive and crass . Where , in previous Larry adventures , the sexual humor was witty , here it is just crude and obnoxious . It takes quite a lot to offend me , but this game has done it . I played it for a very short while before uninstalling it ... I have NEVER done that before with a game and I have played dozens and dozens , some not so great , but never bad enough not to finish.Another very annoying thing is the screen loading . Every time you try to do anything , -LRB- talk to a girl , play a game , enter a building , etc. . . -RRB- you have to wait several seconds for the screen to load . What a pain!It was much better when Larry was an inventory/adventure game.All I can say is this
 Ok I got to admit , I like a lot of the jokes in this game . I thought some of the conclusion scenes after you 've hit on one of the ladies for a certain amount of time . Some of them were really perverted -LRB- which either came across really funny or not -RRB- or clean humor -LRB- like when the mob is after you -RRB- . That 's all of the game I really liked , the rest of it , well , it ai n't a action game . If it was a game like that then maybe I would 've liked it -LRB- like the `` Des Blood '' or whatever in Japan which included nudity sequences with resident evil gameplay -RRB- but this game , you guide a little sperm thing into the smiley faces to say the right thing , then you play a mini-game like quarters or grabbing worthless junk to achieve some dumb task that the girl you 're hitting on needs.The graphics too , are a little corny . Why would you make it cartoonish if it 's a game about nudity and going to bed with a girl . You can even unlock nude pictures . Sounds great on paper right , but it 's not one of the models they show on the loading screen , it 's their digitilized self . I guess it 's because Sierra was worried that children might play this , but that 's why we have a rating scale . I am a little surprised how much they did get away with to keep the M rating , anything worse and it could 've been rated AO.I also found the controls to be a little clunky , in the dance mini games , I would press the button right when it said , but I got it wrong , making me have to repeat the mini game , over and over.Do you hate games that have looong loading times , this game has a ton of them . You walk into a building , loading , walk up and talk to a girl for a date , loading , walk out of the main campus to the greek quad , loading . It gets real annoying.I have n't played the originals , but i really do n't want to after playing this game . If you dig games that are just made up of mini-games that have clunky controls , then this game is perfect . The only other crowd i can think of that would like this game are perverts or people who want to have a little fun but ca n't get a date in real life , and even they might want to stay away from this game .
 I ordered the Uncensored and Uncut Adults Only Version and recieved the mature version , if i wanted that i could have bought it at wal-mart . So i hope they fix that problem with me promptly , otherwise a smooth transaction !
 not as good as the previous version of this software
 I bought this game and I had to call for technical support because it was not working and first thing I discover I need a new video card because if you do n't have a card that support lighting it will not work , this is not fair because it 's not specify when you purchase the game ...
 ... but unfortunately , it turned into one of the biggest disappointments this year . The original Larry games were fun and witty in a genius way . I guess Sierra was afraid of creating a new adventure game . Instead , they created a bunch of retarded mini-games that you have to play over and over again . Argh!There is fun to be had with this game . If you can get past the bad gameplay , you will actually encounter very funny details . Whether or not you make it there before getting completely pissed of is a different question . -LRB- And you should expect a much more simplistic sort of humor than in the original games ... -RRB- The problem with the mini games is that they are not just boring , repetitive , and dumb , but they also come with controls that are just plain bad . When you lose your 3rd trampoline bouncing game , just because the keyboard input is implemented badly , then I guarantee that you will hardly be motivated to see more digital boobies ... This is about the worst they could have done with this license . The recent months have been great for video games with huge leaps forward in terms of frustration-elimination and general quality . This game however is a huge step back in both departments . Probably the end of the larry-games for good ...
 The charm of the previous LSL games is completely gone . The `` humor '' is extremely lame , forget about the witty humor in the previous series.Plus the way you advance is by playing minigames . This would n't be all that bad -LRB- well it 's nothing like the original where you are directly making decisions affecting the story -RRB- but you have to play the same mini games over and over and over again . And these are stupid games that can be programmed on a TI-83 calculator.Biggest waste of money on a video game ... This is n't my LSL . . this is a cheap knockoff.I 'm 24 yrs old .
 I notice that there 's no mention of Al Lowe anywhere from Sierra . Here 's the simple truth - if the genius creator of LSL 's 1 - 6 is missing , then this is n't an LSL game at all - just a cheap rip off.Message to pointy-haired bosses at Sierra
 Who are these people who review and praise a game that has n't even come out yet ! Yeesh.The reviewer below says that it should be as good as the previous Larry games well there 's something you should know.The Leisure Suit Larry series was created by Al Lowe who made every title until he and hundreds others were fired by Sierra.Al Lowe had NO contribution to this title , -LRB- Even though Sierra said he would be involved ! -RRB- this title is the concotion of a third party developer who have never made an adventure game in their life . From previews I 've heard the game is alright but it 's obvious that is has n't got the distanct influence Al Lowe gave his games to make them personal and fun . Another critcism I heard is that it relies too much on nostalgia.For what it 's worth , I 'm not getting the game until Al Lowe gives his apporval . I 'd advise fans do the same , but please do n't praise a game you have n't played yet ... Or is this guy below me a marketing goon ?
 It loaded well enough , but took a long time . I could live with that . But it would not run . Even contacting support they were unable to help . Their big solution was to run in on another machine to see if the disk were ok . Like everyone has several machines to do their game testing . Oh I could send the dick -LRB- game -RRB- back ... at my expense . JUST DON `` T BUY IT !!!!
 It 's a nice enough headset , came in pretty quick , but the ad did not make it very clear that it was n't for XBox 360 , only for the original Xbox . Absolutely useless now.I repeat , NOT COMPATIBLE WITH XBOX 360 ! I guess I 'll just have to use the mic with something else .
 ok buddy ... Xbox Live is NOT just an internet experience ... its a briliant scheme ... Gates made an internet experience so danm fun hes tricking the masses into buy this P ! 3C3 OF $ H!T man ... ok . . sure ... the sound quality is crisp and clear , so is the pickup ... but this gizmo comes loaded with problems ... like for example what happened to me after i bought my first one ... two weeks later ... the little clip that holds the headgear and mic . together breaks ... the next time i bought one ... two days later , it happens again , the next time i bought one the sound cuts out and i could no longer hear anything , next time i bought one the mic gets cut out , no one can hear ME ! ... the final straw came when the fourth time i bought one the FIRST time i plugged it in i couldnt hear OR talk , my friend had to call me to fix my mic ! in short save youre money ... otherwise youll never get the chance too ... i recomend the Logitech Wireless , or that new Nyko one if you want something a little more durable and a lot less expensive in the long run ...
 `` Fra-gee-lay . That must be Italian . `` Although this is the standard headset for Xbox Live users , it 's extremely fragile . The clip that holds the ear piece on easily broke off . I would recommending finding another headset that 's one piece .
 This product is absolutley not worth the money -LRB- again like my husband * but that mail order husband catalogue was so cheap * -RRB- it is flimsy and will break with ease -LRB- my husband * ahemmm * -RRB- . Yes it can be fun with all that voice masking stuff , but it breaks apart so easily so it is n't worth the money . There is no point in getting it unless your willing to waste money on it or are increadbly bored with your students ... I mean life . Is there any alternative ? Well you could try looking for a stronger one one but when he has trouble lifting the chair ... I mean it has trouble holding together it truly is not a very good thing .
 The headset that comes with this has one critical flaw where any slightly more than normal pressure will cause it to physically crack redering the headset useless . You need the expansion adaptor to use voice chat of XBox Live , but once this headset breaks you can go buy a generic headset . You can use any of the ones available for telephones with a 2.5 mm jack just fine and they are usually more durable as well as often more comfortable !
 I 've owned three of these since XBox LIVE launched two years ago and all of them have broken . I feel the need to write this because my newest one just broke . The piece of plastic that holds the microphone/ear piece onto the headband is no bigger than my fingernail . I have a buddy , too , who has had two of his break in the same eay . Plus , the the mic on the second one I bought shorted-out or something and does n't work.I urge you all to buy a 3rd-party headset . Some are n't licensed for XBox but they will work , and are n't designed to break . Some are licensed for Halo 2 , but are even more expensive . So shop around , I 'm sure whatever you choose will be at least better than this scam . -LRB- Just some more help in finding an alternative
 Man , online with people is cool . You need to for Rainbox Six , but , this unit breaks sooo fast and easily . The little part where you snap it the microphone onto the headset is very , very , very fragile . If you snap it , which you will , i suggest using superglue to put it back on . Even this wo n't keep it together for to long though . The makes of this product , X Box obviously , need to DEFINITELY go back to the drawing board . It 's just way too weak . Too bad the cheaper stuff stinks with the sound .
 The clip that attaches the earpiece to the headband just broke on mine after dropping it on the carpet ... Same thing happened to a family members . Sure , it 's stylish , but go with an alternative .
 After one month the headset broke at the earpiece . Used scotch tape to accomplish a quick repair , will try superglue next . This is clearly a manufacturing/design/material defect . Other than that it works fine .
 i read a review of 1 guy having 3 broken ones . about a week ago i broke my third headset ... i was so disgusted . I took good care of it , but the little plastic piece that everyone talks about finally broke . Everything about this headset is perfect except for 2 things . 1
 I only got about four hours of use out of the headset before the plastic piece that holds the earphone on it broke . This thing is a piece of garbage.If you need a headset for Live do yourself a favor and do n't buy Microsoft 's . If you 're just getting onto X-Box Live you 'll be better off buying seperate a subscription card and a third party headset than buying the X-Box Live starter kit .
 Well , this headset looks cool , but really , it 's very cheap . Mine has not broken yet , but it is on the verge of breaking . As everyone else said , these are very fragile , and uncomfortable . The plastic is very flimsy . Sound quality is good , and it has a sound control too , so if someone is screaming , and you ca n't mute them at the moment , you can turn your volume down until you can mute him . The headset comes in three pieces , the microphone and speaker , headgear , and Headset to controller connecter -LRB- which looks sort of like a memory card -RRB- . I would recommend you buy the Plantronics GameCon Halo 2 headset over this one , because it is more comfortable , and bit more durable . It surpasses this headset by far .
 The headset broke in the same day my son received it . So I remember reading on here , that this may happen and to just purchase a good headset to go with the communicator , so we did . Bought a headset at Radio Shack , put them together and he was in business . So , half the product is great , the other half breaks like glass . Purchase only for the communicator .
 It does function well , however , I have broken 3 of these things . Replacement options have been limited in the past , but there are now more options available and I will replace my 3rd one with a 3rd party option -LRB- I 'm thinking of going wireless -RRB- . Additionally , I do not like the fact that I can not lean back in my chair because of the behind the head band on this unit .
 Crappy headset made for smaller ears . Found out the adapter it came with did not fit the most current wireless/wired controllers due to form factors ... I bought this head set for one reason . Voice Morphing capability but found im better off just buying a turtle beaches tango headset.I would get this for a 10 year old but for serious gamers , this would be a waste of money ... . xD I hope this helps
 Who in the hell makes s *** for the XBOX any more ... I not talking about xbox 360 but the original . Do n't buy this due to it will definitely not work for you . WASTE OF MONEY
 want to do ridesnot how much revenue from snow cones etcdidnt install correct had to reinstallthis is about simcoaster part onlysimcity3000 better than previous versions
 Contrary to what the `` Platform '' above suggests , these games are not really compatible with Windows XP . Read the `` System Requirements . '' As that says , SimCity is compatible and worked just fine . I was not so lucky with Sim Theme Park.Sim Theme Park crashed the very first time I tried it . I downloaded an XP fix from the internet and the program did get further along then before . However , it eventually crashed my computer hard - computer shut down and restarted on its own . Even after the restart , my video card acted up until I completely turned off the computer and started it again -LRB- a simple restart was not enough -RRB- . Windows also crashed once.I decided not to install Sim Coaster or Sim Golf after the bad experience with Sim Theme Park.I received these as a gift . Since I 'm not out any money , I 'll give the package two stars for Sim City.By the way , for those interested , I 'm using Window XP Home Edition , AMD Athlon 2.4 GHz CPU , 1GB RAM , and 80GB HD .
 SimCity looks like a great game , and having played years of SimCity versions was looking forward to playing SimCity3000 on my new machine.I read the box , had more than enough of what it asked for , and went home to install it . Installed fine , no problems.Opened it , started to play and within 15 minutes the screen went crazy . I could see my city , but the messages and other side-bar icons were gone . Like they no longer knew how to be drawn.I guess I will just be out the money I paid for the game -LRB- can not return opened games -RRB- and never buy software that does not indicate XP on the label .
 I give this 2 stars for benefit of the doubt because I have not played Sim Coaster.Sim Theme Park and Sim Golf did nothing for me , not even fun in an initial sense , but I confess I 've never played a Golf video game I liked . Golf for me is being there.Sim City 3k , when it came out and I rushed to buy it , I thought was a step up in detail , capability and graphics from its predecessor , but it was a step down in gameplay , stability and music -LRB- though many could n't care less about the latter -RRB- . This visit to Amazon was actually to see if there was a Sim Mania package that had SimCity 2000 , because I 'd love to have that game compatible with my current system . THAT was a heck of a game . SimCity Classic was popular , but it was 2k that really put Maxis -LRB- the developer at the time -RRB- on the map . It was n't as advanced as SimCity 3k , but it was an all around superior game.The reason why I 'd rate SimCity3k at only 1 star is not because it 's a terrible game . It 's okay . But I just think it 's a waste of time . SimCity 2k is worth playing , and if you really want the best SimCity game all around -LRB- that 's currently out -RRB- , I ca n't imagine an arguement against SimCity 4 , as long as you get the Rush Hour expansion pack too .
 this did n't install properly , after i got it installed 2 of the games did n't work !!!! sim golf and sim theme park . . totally waste of money and time i feel sorry for my mom who bought this ! i wonder what sim mania 3 will include ?? if you thought it would be cool to ride your rollercoasters and make them on sim coaster you were wrong . there is not enough power over your coasters and the challenges are hard to beat on sim coaster.sim golf was pathetic !! i could n't even play sim theme park it did n't work so good !!! golly gee why could n't they put other sim games in it .
 My Daughter got the Sims2 game as a gift -LRB- belated 16th Birthday -RRB- . She tried to install it on Hewlett-Packard Windows XP Home Edition with 1.8 Celeron Processor , 256MB , 60GB , CD-RW and DVD-ROM . We read all the instructions and guess what happened next?The instalation seemed ok , but , when she went to play the game , the game froze up and crashed , the computer shutdown . She had to reboot the Computer , So , she can uninstall the game to save her homework and projects from the games ' destructive nature . She gave the game , a long with bags of books and clothes to GoodWill . Obviously it 's not compatable with Windows XP . I even stated on a note and attatched it to the game .
 Not only were these games a pain in the neck to install ... once you got them installed they crash back to the desktop . You can download all the patches you want but it will not help ! I ca n't even tell you about game play because we never got that far ! Overall , it is a waste of time and money . I used to be a sane person until my son talked me into buying this four pack ... now all I can do is scream at the thought of them ! Save yourself ! And your money , DO N'T BUY THIS GAME ! Furthermore ... never buy anything made by EA ... we have Playstation games by them and they all BITE . EA should be shut down for their lack of customer service . All they are out for is the almighty dollar !
 The 360 degree view is great , i actually like the game itself , but its got problems . I have to save the game every five minutes because it shuts itself down a lot . In the witness interviews , if u ask the wrong questions , it shuts down too - and it doesnt save all the work you 've done . It would be fun , but its just not worth all the hassle .
 Something tells me being on the show is n't as difficult as playing this game . The controls are sloppy , there 's no easy way just to get into the game and play , you have to jump through some serious hoops to get far in this game .
 after playing the CSI games , i guess i 'm spoiled . the graphics with Law and Order are pretty good , but navigating throughout the rooms gives me a headache , the instructions and hints are vague and worthless , and the case itself is boring . i unstalled it without even obtaining a search warrant .
 this game a lot bugs and freezes new computer found paches in net its worth the price .
 My review has mild spoilers.I 've never played the first two L&O ; games so I can not compare Justice is Served with them but I can compare it to other adventure games . I did n't find the game interesting at all and I thought it was really cumbersome . Unless I missed something , in order to save a game the player has to access the Menu , select Save , choose a spot for the game -LRB- there were only about a dozen save slots -RRB- , press Save which brings up the Menu again and then select Resume Game . That 's an awful lot of steps when you 're like me and saving every couple minutes . There is no autosave feature which would have made the process easier.But the whole `` Save '' issue would n't be a big deal if I had liked the game . I just did n't find it interesting to spend most of the game asking people questions . Many questions/answers led to a new location to visit but when you get there there is n't much to do - minimal exploration -LRB- you find only a few hotspots and not all on them are relevant -RRB- and the puzzles are incredibly easy . Find something locked and you 'll find the answer on an item you found at a hotspot - almost always at the same location you find the puzzle . The only puzzle I had a problem with was a musical one.I got as far as the court room but the accused ended up being acquitted and I just did n't care enough to return to a saved game and retry the case . For me there just was n't enough content to make the game interesting . I had just finished playing Myst III before playing Justice is Served so it is rather difficult to top that for gameplay .
 I think I would really enjoy palying the games but I can never get them to load on my computer . I have bought three Law and Order games now and all have not worked in some fashion or the other . I have , since the first game I purchased , purchased a new Dell so it is not my computer . I am by no means a computer wizard but I certinaly no how to install a game . I am very disapointed in Legacy Interactive software .
 Having played Law and Order
 was told the item was like new and worked great , but when i got it and put it in to play it , it didnt work at all ! It didnt even try to work but they were nice enough to give me a refund .
 This game is ok . Though many aspects of it does n't stand the test of time . First off the graphics are just not that great anymore , they do n't stand the test of time very well . Also , aiming and targeting is really hard . The story mode is solid and ok , and the enemy AI is average . There are a few offline game modes like deathmatch and team deathmatch which are all ok . All in all it 's an meh game , but considering I got this game for really really cheap , I 'd suggest buying it for a nostalgia buy but that 's about it . If you wan na play some kill zone pick up KZ 2 or 3 , waaaaaay better graphics , solid story mode , and online play
 Well their was no way this game was ever going to live up to the hype of being a `` Halo killer '' , but honestly when compared to other fps in the market this game is just a let down . The single player levels suffer from graphical bugs , plain dumb team ai , and a clich&eacute; storyline that only sets up for the inevitable sequel . Most of the levels end up with you moving from room to room until you meet enemies at which point you play peek-a-boo with them while trying to snipe them with horribly inaccurate weapons and hoping that they do n't hit you with any of the bullets they are firing randomly , rinse and repeat . Of course once the enemies start spawning with rocket launchers and grenade throwers , things get really frustrating as they have pin point accuracy with those things and getting hit pretty much means you have to start the level over . Too bad your not part of the opposing army since even a direct hit with a grenade launcher is n't enough to drop some of them.As for the multi player , well it 's really nothing you have n't seen before . It 's just spawn , run in , expend all your ammo , die , and repeat . I can do this in Unreal for a fourth of the cost and have more fun .
 Killzone has been touted by many as the ` Halo-killer ' . Halo is an FPS on the Xbox , and Killzone is one for the PS2 . Firstly , this game falls short of being a ` Halo-killer ' . It does n't really live up to Halo 's name in the trade of console FPS , and it 's a pretty lackluster effort.It 's not really a terribly bad game , just not as polished as it ought to be . It 's a pretty fun FPS , and quite a good way to kill time during some of those free afternoons you have . Online play is extremely addictive , as well.The graphics are good , for a PS2 game . Frankly , I 'd expect the PlayStation 2 to cough up blood trying to run an Xbox game so this is a pretty good effort.The sound presentation is good as well , the story is mild but slightly entertaining . As I said , Killzone could do with a little final touch-ups and polish.So in the end this IS an OK game , with the online play being a nice addition . However to clear it out with some stupid PS2 fanboys out there , Killzone CAN NOT be compared to Halo . Halo came out two years ago , Killzone in the present . Killzone 's graphics are nearly on par with Halo 's but why are you comparing it with a '01 game ? Compare it with HALO 2 if you dare . So really , there are much better stellar FPS out there ... Halo 2 and Half-Life 2 to name a few , so if you own a PC or Xbox , forget Killzone . However if you 're stuck with your PS2 ... dream on of beating Halo .
 This game has its ups and downs . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Here are the ups
 Everyone , please becareful.We have PS2 fan boys . Please do n't trick the public . People are paying $ 45 for this game . So please give a realistic review.I have played through the game , and it just does not live upto the phrase Halo-beater . It is not Halo or anywhere near it.It does have major problems , like slow downs , graphical issues , and bad AI . These in my view are the greatest let downs.Yes , this game has been overhyped , to a degree people like myself actually found the game a chore . This game comes out 3 yrs after Halo , and I did expect it to run circles around Halo , it did n't even scratch the surface of Halo , never mind making a dent.I know Guerilla games do not make FPS , so I can not blame them for there first take at the FPS market.This game reminded me of the Medal of Honour series , but the story is not as gripping as Medal of Honour , nor is it as entertaining as the series . It falls short on many fronts.I recommend a rent on this game , before a purchase , especially as allot of you will be expecting high expectations from this game.Be cautious and rent before you spend 45 SMACKEROONIES , or you 'll end up trying to sell it on ebay like me .
 The creator of this game just slapped the title of `` Halo Killer '' onto this game so people will buy it.Brainwashed people will go , `` Wow ! Halo Killer!This game must be great . '' . Do n't be a fool.Get Halo 2 . PS : It 's kind of sad that PS2 took this long to come up with a game that can even have the title of Halo Killer ... Flop .
 This game I thought would be good but it is very annoying . In the game when you kill someone they make the same annoying sounds . They say the same things when they get hurt . They shooting was alright but not great . I just bought this game to see if I liked it but did n't . Probably wo n't buy killzone 2 .
 The award goes to ... Killzone , the biggest disappointment of the year . How anyone would have the nerve to compare this to Halo 2 or worse yet call it a `` Halo Killer '' is really insulting . It is already getting panned on reviews . I am not an XBox fanboy , PS2 is my primary system but come on . If you have played the beta you know the online game play is slow and poorly implemented . The game is available today so you can see what I am talking about . Here is what I liked about the game
 After pretty much finishing this game . I can honestly say that this game falls short . There are so many FPS out in the market , and I would expect that Killzone would live upto the hype . Especially as everyone is calling it the HALO beater . I can honestly say it does not even come close to beating Halo.The demo looked impressive , but the overall game just left me thinking . After many years in devlopment , I would expect developers to learn and improve on a game . This game just has some nice visuals , even then it suffers from draw distance , and clipping problems . The AI is just dumb . I mean how can a game how dismal AI . The game just gets repetitive . If this game came out 4 yrs ago , then I would have given it 5 stars . This is late 2004 , it has been in devlopment for so many years . Sony , claimed this game will change our life of how we play games . I can say to some extent the is true , I now know not to expect or believe the hype.Anyway , it is n't a bad game , I agree with the folks on amaxon.com , that it does have some fun bits . But I was hyped by this game , expecting that finally we PS2 folks have a game to stand upto the XBOX . If Sony cary on the way they are , then they will lose there loyal followers to MicroSoft.I hope they redeem themselves on Killzone 2 .
 This game is a very bad game.I stopped playing this game after a few hours . I tried the multiplayer and that sucked as well.I will stick to playing PC FPS . Not crappy PS2 FPS.When will Sony learn ?
 This game is not an A rated game and if you see a review where it gets a perfect score you should question it . If you look at the media that covers this game no one is giving it A 's . There are about 5 other first person shooters that have been released in the past few weeks that are far superior to this game . Buyer beware !
 Hangs quite frequently , the online play -LRB- though it must be derived from an earlier engine -RRB- is full of physics and playability issues.But not bad for alpha quality , for an uninspired copy of other older games.Add to that numerous mod chips , the game is almost worthless in multi player mode . With an average mean time to failure of about an hour .
 This game sucks , do not buy this game , do not rent this game , dont play it at a store or at a freinds house , if your freind haz this GAYme slap that dumbass silly . I played allll the way through this waste of time and money to bring you the facts and nothing but the facts :1 . S % #t graphics2.hard as nails game play3.Dumb ass weapons and handling4.ENEMIES ALL LOOK DA SAME !!! 5 . crap storyline6.elites take about 5,000,000,000 shots to kill7.THISSSSSSS GAMEEEEEE SUCKSSSSSS !!!!!! And why are all your allies and enimeis BALD ??? what are they Queer or sumthin ???? Do not waste fity bucks on this game or 6.00 for rentin it DAMN THIS GAME TO HELL IT IS NOT A HALO KILLER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you for your time P.S. DONT EVEN TOUCH THIS GAME ...
 After spending about 10 hours playing this monstrosity it bacame clear to me that the era of the Playstation2 is done . I packed up my PS2 and dozens of games and got what little value in trade-in that I could to switch to XBox and I could n't be happier . Basically , this lame game was the mitigating factor to switch.All you do in killzone is run through levels that are so similar from one another it 's stupid . There is no variety whatsoever in the enemies , and that really is the main problem . It 's just wave after wave of the same dudes in black saying the same phrases over and over in their deep voices.Oh yeah , it takes at least 5 to 6 head shots to down an average Helghast-it 's so fake . The story is lame , the graphics are fair but just as dull as everything else on the game . I guarantee you that not once will you find yourself thinking `` that was a cool effect '' , or `` how 'd they do that ? '' . This game is the perfect cure for insomnia , however . Trust me and -LSB- ... -RSB- . Horrible .
 I know this game came out a long time ago . However , I recently dusted off the old PS2 in an attempt to pick up some gems I missed . Boy , was I wrong about this game . It is a good idea to bring an exclusive FPS to the PS2 , one that is unique , fun and has good replay value . This is not that game . To give consumers a clue , on the back the only review it cites is from Playstation Magazine , which gave it a-you guessed it-9 .5 . Hmmm ... what a surprise.This game is a standard FPS . Story-wise you play an ISA -LRB- good guys -RRB- soldier named Templar who is part of the army tasked with repelling the Helghast -LRB- bad guys -RRB- invasion . The campaign is quite long for an FPS , which would be a plus ... if the game was fun to play.There is n't much weapon variety-or mission variety for that matter . Most weapons have a unique secondary fire , but more often than not you 'll be using the plain old assault rifle.Gameplay wise the game is rather dull . It consists mainly of walking a set path and Helghast pop out at you . That 's it . There is some variety like taking out tanks , but overall if you play for prolonged periods of time you will get bored.Graphics-wise it 's okay I guess . I 'm used to next-gen graphics now so I do n't really know . However , in some situations it does seem like the game is too much for the PS2 to handle , so the fps drops . Also , the game is so DARK . I mean , it would n't be that bad if they gave us a flashlight , but they dont . A lot of time is spent in corridors , which are so dark and disorienting you wo n't know which end is up . You wo n't even be able to see your weapon . Maybe this is why they made the Helghast have the glowing eyes-otherwise nobody would be able to spot them ! Furthermore , the game has a very grainy , washed-out look . Some may say it adds to the warlike feel , but I think it just contributes to making the game boring . Finally , there is virtually no notable music in this game . This is a major con when comparing to Halo , which has a fantastic musical score that is abundant throughout the game.Now onto my biggest gripe-the controls . I do n't know who the heck was in charge of controls for this game , but they should be fired . These are the clunkiest controls of any game I have ever played in my entire life . Aiming is very difficult due to it being very , very sensitive . Hope you do n't want to walk or run while shooting , because that will take a ton of practice . Most of the time in order to hit anything you have to take cover , pop out , and fire . Rinse and repeat for each hallway . Character movement is also sluggish ; it feels like my guy is walking in tar or something.This game has online multiplayer as well as offline against bots . I ca n't really say much now since there were like 20 people online when I played . The problem with this is that those 20 are the really hardcore fans that have been playing since it came out and are practically pros at it by now , so expect to get destroyed . However , even if I was better , the clunky controls still hinder online as it does with the campaign.Overall I think this is a poor choice for an FPS if you 're in the market for one . There are many others out there that offer a more compelling story , cooler weapons , and most importantly
 After finally finishing this game . I can fairly say that this game is good . I mean for us PS2 folks there are n't many FPS out there . The few that we do have just dont cut the meat.Anyway back to my review . In KILLZONE you are introduced to the Helghast , a fiercesome mutated brutes . You talk the role of Templar , a human soldier . The game is well paced and the opening scenes are great.My only gripes are the AI , which in my view are pretty lame , a few times my own team mates were getting in my way , which ultimately caused me great pain . The enemy AI , believe me is worse . They would shoot at my team mates and then wonder off , other times they would be standing in one position and I could drop a greande and walk of briskly . The AI is bad in this game . A game of this caliber should have top notch AI . Also I seen no rag doll physis in this game , like Psi-ops . They would just fall down , huh ! , this is meant to be the Halo-killer . I was expecting full rag doll physics.The other gripe is the graphics . I mean the graphics are great on my PStwo , but the drawing and cuttings feel bad . I mean , I would walking and grass and buildings would suddenly appear out of nowhere . It just got annoying after awhile , i want to see where i am going and what situations I was in , but with the draw distance cropping up out of the blue , just got me annoyed.The other issue was , I wanted freedom to fight the way I want when i want . It all just seemed all to repetitive at times , I was expecting huge battles , but most fighting was in small/shallow environments.The multiplayer is better than the single player . I enjoyed this more than the single campaign . Ton 's of options and was fun.Okay , my final verdict is this game is great , but I was saddened by so many problems like AI , graphics and repetitive gameplay . I was expecting a Halo-beater . Especially that this has been in development for 4 years . But I just felt the game became a bit unpleasant as i was wishing it would surprise me , but it never did.I rated this 2 stars , as I came out finishing it disappointed . I believe it is a mistake to hype the public , expecting a solid game that would wipe the floor with Halo . It just does n't reach the mark , it fell far short of it.Hopefully , the developers pick up on these issue , and make the sequel much better.The redeeming factor is the solid online aspect of Killzone .
 I just ejected this game partway through and put it in my Goodwill pile . What 's wrong with it ? The question is , where do I begin?The AI is retarded . Sometimes they just sit there looking at you five yards away like they are blind , but mostly they just wander back and forth . They do n't banzai charge nor do they hide and make you come after them . All you have to do is keep your gun trained on their doorway and they repeatedly wander into your sights.The things the characters and enemies shout are stupid and repetitive , and the groans they make when they get hit become annoying . And I do n't like their stupid British accents , either . If you hit them with one bullet they shout , `` I 'm under heavy fiah ! `` The weapons are n't accurate beyond point blank range -LRB- although the bad guys seem to have no trouble hitting you at long range , -RRB- and it takes several hits to kill one bad guy . If you see three of them bunched together at thirty yards , you can empty a whole clip at them and sometimes not even kill one of them , while they are busy shouting , `` Suppressing fiah ! Aaaugh ! I 'm under attock ! '' There is a sniper rifle , but the aiming system is idiotic and nearly impossible to use.Your character is slow , and areas are large , which is normally a good thing , except here you ca n't hit anything beyond fifty yards . You can sprint , but only for a short ways , and you ca n't fire while you are sprinting . The bouncy way your character walks is lame , too . Plus , the pathway is totally linear . There are no side areas worth exploring , no hidden items or powerups to look for , and since you can only carry three weapons at a time , most of the ammo you find is unusable . There is a ton of the ammo for the standard rifle , but hardly any for the bomb launchers . Reloading takes a long time , too . Your character ca n't jump , and small curbs and boxes hold him up . There are about four obstacles in the game that you can `` vault '' over , which takes several seconds and is a lame feature.Your teammates are seemingly invincible , so when you run across bad guys you can just hide and let your teammates kill them -- that is unless they come and hide behind you . If you and your whole team is in firing position , all of the bad guys shoot at you and the rest of your team stops firing and strolls over to your side appearing `` at the ready . '' Other times they will shout , `` This way , '' take a few steps down the path , and then stop and wait for you to take point . They get in your way a lot , too.There are no health packs , I do n't think , but your health recharges over time . So if you get hit , all you have to do is hide out for a few seconds -LRB- in complete safety since the enemies do n't charge -RRB- and you 're back to full health.When you die , the camera pans around your dead body for ten or fifteen seconds , while I am wishing I could get on with the game . That was really annoying . In fact nearly everything about this game is annoying . I had played the excellent Project Snowblind right before this , and Killzone was a major letdown in comparison to it , or to all other FPS 's for that matter .
 What a piece of garbage !!! I rented this game and returned it the next day because I did n't want it to plague my other PS2 games with its filth . Thank goodness I did n't buy this crap . The framerate is terrible and the screen feels like its right up in your face . I could n't play it because it gave me a headache ; the first time ever while playing video games . From what I hear , you shoot the same looking bad guys the entire game . What fun is that ? I 'd give it a zero . I 've got ta go . Thinking about the $ 6 I spent on renting this game is starting to make me angry , and you would n't like me when I 'm angry .
 This Game sucks . I bought it a few days ago and it is not a Halo Killer . Halo is much better . The graphics are the worst I 've ever seen . The cutsceens may be good but nothing else . The sniper rifle is way to hard to aim and you fight the same old black bodied red eyed enemy throughout the whole borimg game . The first thirty minutes are the only fun parts of the game . After that the game gets repetitive . Please do n't buy it it is a wast of fiffty dollars .
 How can a game that was meant to be a Halo killer , be as dismal as this game . The graphics are rubbish and the AI is the worse I have ever seen in a game.I played through this game , and I got to a point where the repetition just got boring . I had to go on ebay and sell it.A total waste of money and a waste of space and time.If games are really going to be this bad , then someone needs to shoot me .
 Only a baffoon would not see this coming . If it ca n't even handle Deus Ex 1 and Rainbow Six 3 , what makes you think it 's going to be able to run a halo clone . Call up any psychic , they 'll tell you the same thing I 'm telling you . Sattle up the syrup boys , we are headed to the flopzone .
 Careful when you play this game it made my hand smell for a week . I tried to be open minded but I could not help but feel a bit taken by all the hype and theme . It is a complete let down when you play this game . I played it for about 3 hours put it down and have not picked it up since . Too many good games out to waste your time with this one . Anyone still saying this is a Halo killer probably works for Guerilla games or Sony .
 I own this game and it no way a `` Halo Killer '' , it is not a `` Metal of Honor Killer '' . it is not a `` Red Faction Killer '' it is not a `` James Bond Killer '' it is a an `` enjoyment Killer '' . This is not even in the top ten FPS that have come out period . I think we all had high hopes but it is total disapointment . The game is slow , as in the frame rate is bad . The game is linear and short , the online sucks tons of lag , there really is no story and most of all you feel like you are struggling with the aim and controls . Rent this before you buy , do n't be a complete fool like me . Thanks Sony .
 It is so sorry.The graphics are horrible.This isnt even 10,000 miles away from being a `` halo killer . `` If you want a real fps get halo 2 . It has awsume graphics and smooth gameplay.Or doom 3 it looks good.Anything but ps2 games !!!!!!!!!
 I was totally shocked that Sony released this game to the public.It is buggy , AI is ridiculous . This game took 4 years apparently . Although it looks they spent 6months on this game.The graphics remind me of dreamcast graphics . The gameplay is well below par.I expected a Halo killer , and I got a bat and ball game instead.I would possibly rent this before wasting money on such rubbish.A total let down for PS2 fans . I will now place my hopes on GT
 This game is overhyped to the point it is total waste of cash.AI , graphics , story , gameplay all SUCKS!AI is so bad that I laughed myself to death.After near death , I am trying to sell it on ebay.Dont waste you 're sweet cash on this game , rent and then make a decision.I shall wait for Pariah on the PC
 After playing for 12 hrs on this game . I can honestly say this game SUCKS BIG TIME!The AI is the worse I have ever seen in a game . How can 4 yrs of development lead to abismal AI . The graphics are fair , but still remind me of graphics for a game that was out 4 yrs back.There is no real story , and it is just to repetitive.I wanted to like this game , but I hated it.I am now following the hype and buying a Xbox and HALO2.The PS2 has now let me down , high expectations and they ca n't deliver .
 Man o man I got this game last week . Got all the controls and settings all how I wanted them and saved it , I said to my self yea I am going to have a good time and play some ATV racing . What the heck after 10 minutes BORING BORING , I have had much more fun playing pong than this junk . They should be ashamed of this game might end up selling this video game to a game store or yard sale , Cause its going to collect dust sitting on my shelf cause I will never play it again !
 this game is such a let down its not even funny.You 'd think that with all the cool parts u can buy and stuff itd make a difference the way the bikes acts and all ... NOPE . Its so funny because half the pipes on that game either ive seen and heard or rode on the acutal quad itself so i had an expectancy.A friend of mine has a Titanium 4 just like what u can get in the game and the quad is deafining loud in the game its exactly the same as if it had the same pipe it started with another thing THERE ARE NO REAL QUADS IN THE GAME ! i 've only heard of K&K and thats the only real one i know of in the game The only thing i do like is the powerslide but thats not even realistic so the game all around blows
 How can you release a version of a classic game and actually make it worse -- well off-road fury 3 did just that . The game is drastically different in terms of atv control and racing physics . Excitebike had better racing feel !! Yes , the soundtrack is good but the atv 's now sound completely fake and the lame attempt now comes off rather annoying . -- bzzzzzzzz So , for those of you who atv 2 was like crack rest assure that this game is more benign than water . Save your money -- i wish i would of done the same . -- the reviewers of this game must of been playing the older version .
 What a let down . The reason we are seeing such a dramatic decrease in quality with the 3rd installment is that Rainbow Studios -LRB- creators of Motocross Madness 1 & 2 , ATV Off Road Fury 1 & 2 , and MX Unleashed -RRB- had nothing to do with ATV 3 . Sony gave the job to Climax who I must say do n't know what they are doing . The graphics , driving mechanics , music , race tracks , and options are all inferior . You ca n't even load two profiles at once to race your friends . Save your money -LRB- like I should have done -RRB- for MX vs. ATV Unleashed by Rainbow Studios which comes out in February . Happy roosting .
 The product arrived very much on time and the product was in perfect condition . I will definitely shop again with this merchant .
 If you are one of the unfortunate many who have bought this game based on advertising i feel truly sorry for youre wallet.This is more like playing mario cart than a racing simulator.If any of you can remember supercross 2000 by thq you can imagine the dissappointment in this game . This is a major case of a company slapping a well known franchise name on a totally revolting and dissappointing product , that without all new developers i will never fall victim to again.I have a game title suggestion for them super mario and the land of ill handling atv 's
 Son bought this and he did n't quite care for it . It came in a very fast manner . Sooner then they guesstamated .
 The game seems like naughty dog rushed it . They wanted to end the series but the game could have had more time spent making it.luckily i rented it because of the fun features they left out . it more seemed this game could of gone under racing games instead of jak 2 where it was a fun shooter all u do is race around in the desert strolling around in some really not creative vehicles , that have been so boring to get . I did not even finish the game I went half way and quit . They should of made it like jak 2 and where the hell is jak and daxters sequal i thought they were going to help daxter be a elf thing again , another big part left out in jak 2 and 3 . Naught dog rushed the graphics . todays standard in graphics is excellent to out standing graphics , the graphics r more like when ps2 first came out with the medicore graphics that seemed good at the time.The beggining missions , Racing , Racing and more racing.Then there is the race around the desert find ppl and save them , have a really enoying time limit.Where did naughty dog go worng they just didnt have what it takes to make a good game these days . They ran out of ideas for jak games i think so they filled it up with racing.you look at the cover and say oh look that looks like a good shooter , but the weapons now r just not as cool as they seemed in jak 2 . What happened to jak ones story line like i said above . I thought jak 2 would of been jak and daxter 2 instead of a shooter but jak 2 was out standing but lacking in story line.well naughty dog i used to like jak and daxter games now u ruined the games . Rent it first really , you would be wasting a whole lot of money on a low quality game . hope u enjoyed my review .
 Some people say Ratchet has been copying Jak . Well who had upgradeable weapons first ? Ratchet . Who had vehicle missions first ? Ratchet . Who has the best missions ? Ratchet . Who has the nerdiest characters ? Jak . Who has the most frustrating missions ? Jak . Who is the copier ? Jak . Save your money , go Ratchet . -LRB- Note
 My Personal opinon is this game could be the worst one ever . Yes it has Dark and light Jak but personally who cares . I think all the Jak games are horrible . Yes it is only 40 dollars . This is because the creaters couldnt think of anymore ideas and thought they would lose money so they lowered the price -LRB- My uncle is one of the creators . Go oout and spend your money on Pokemon its the best game in the world . You have light and dark picachu and 12 new attacks . It also answers everything about ash 's severe retardness and love for Brock
 The whole concept of Jak is ridiculous . It 's so stupid that I felt stupid playing it . Who wants to play as some dorky elf guy with a dumb sidekick named Daxter ? I 'd take Ratchet and Clank over it any day . UP YOUR ARSENAL , Jak !!!!
 Simply put , JAK II was a poor rip off of Grand Theft Auto and Tony Hawk as a platformer . This time , you get to play for awhile in the Wasteland desert , then it is back the City to reuse those assets.With some many other more impressive games coming out this season , for example Halo 2 , why waste money on this boring game .
 i do not reccomend this game.if you alredy have it or are gon na get it , go spend money on sometihing better , like ratchet and clank : up your arsenal !!!!!!!!!!!! do NOT buy !!!!
 never get this game !! it is basiccally running around hitting things with a tool !! it is also REALLY stupid to see jak transforming into light jak -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I was greatly disappointed by this game . It is essentially Jak 2 plus Jak X . You still have the same Haven City layout -LRB- which even exists in `` Daxter '' for the PSP -RRB- and , for the most part , the same weapons . I bought this for my 7-year-old son and he finished it in less than one week . If you have Jak 2 , you 've pretty much seen Jak 3 .
 Yet another installment to a good series gone bad.I enjoyed Jak and Daxter 1 , despised Jak 2 , and this one stinks although it is better than Jak 2 . This game is pretty linear like Jak 2 . Origanality . What originality ? They got the guns idea from Ratchet and Clank series -LRB- which is a great series by the way -RRB- , now they copy the weapon uprades ? Not to mention the fact that its a GTA copy too . The difficulty is hard but not as hard as Jak 2 . There 's always this challenge . Beat this time or lose and break the controller -LRB- depending on how you handle situations -RRB- . Hardly any minigames . Ratchet and Clank has more and better ones at that . Sorry , but The Ratchet and Clank series are simply better for originality and plain fun . If your looking for a fun kickbutt funny -LRB- and I mean funny -RRB- platformer go with the Ratchet and Clank series . -LRB- and for fans of the series , look for a new game coming this fall 2005 called Ratchet
 I knew I was in trouble when Jak states , near the beginning of the game , `` One thing I can do is race ! '' . And that 's what JAK III is - race after race after race . Want to proceed in the game ? You have to race . Want to proceed in the game after that ? Another race . So on and so on and so on and so on.Normally I would n't mind so much , but with JAK II you MUST complete racing games in order to progress with the rest of the game . Thus , if you can not finish the racing game you CAN NOT continue with rest of the game.I 'm glad I rented this one instead of buying it . If you do n't like racing games , do n't bother with JAK 3 .
 I 've owned Jak 3 for a long time now , and I 'm still as disappointed in it today as I was when I first played it.The first two games in the Jak and Daxter series were extremely fun , well written , and had just enough challenge to keep you interested . While the second game took a bit of an unexpected turn -LRB- Time travel ? Adult humor ? Jak talks ?! -RRB- , I still found it enjoyable . Even now , if I go back to play either of the first two games , I have a positive experience.Jak 3 , however , I find to be lacking . While its predecessors focus on telling a story and continuing the time-line of the Jak-universe , there 's hardly any story-line to speak of in Jak 3 . The game gives you a 5 minute opening video to explain why Jak is flung out into the desert after having saved the world -LRB- again -RRB- , and then you 're immediately thrown into a boring and too-long tutorial . After this tutorial ends , a citizen of the town steps out of the shadows and forces Jak to go out into the desert to race against nameless and unnecessary foes . -LRB- This is one of the many , many , many driving sequences you are forced to endure during this game . -RRB- Afterward , you 're sent on numerous fetch-quests and trips around the desert to pick up the King 's dry cleaning and other such nonsense that no one cares about.Speaking of this game 's driving sequences , the races and fetch-quests out in the desert are some of the most frustratingly difficult and irritating experiences I 've ever had while playing a video game . All of the vehicles in Jak 3 control like shopping carts and flip over so often you 'd think Jak was part of the Kennedy family . Oh , and those nameless bad guys you raced against earlier ? They follow you everywhere whenever you 're outside the city walls . They block your path , shoot your vehicle , force you over cliffs and down dunes , and do n't have the decency to get bent when you 're in a hurry and need to get somewhere . It 's not like there 's even a reason for them to attack you , either . Jak 's usually not carrying any items worth stealing and no one even knows who he is in this game - he 's just considered some nameless bum who was wandering around the desert . At least in Jak 2 the guards left you alone unless you ran one over with your car or punched one for kicks.All in all , if you are expecting a game as story-rich and interesting as the first two , then do n't bother playing Jak 3 . The entire game is nothing but fetch quests , driving sequences , and roaming aimlessly around the desert looking for your next objective -LRB- which is rarely introduced or explained - Jak appears to just magically know that he has to go to a hidden location out in the wasteland -RRB- . However , if you 're looking for something mindless and shooty , then Jak 3 is perfect .
 I was really considering getting this game , but i got this demo for it and honestly , it does n't deliver . I 'm reading all these reviews about how ooohhhh it 's so fun , and then i played it and was like are you kidding me . The graphics really are n't that good , the missions i did play were just boring and frustrating . And what in the world was someone saying about rachet copying jak and daxter . Hhhmmm let me think in goin commando ratchet 's weapons included upgrades , and hey what happend in Jak 3 , oh yah his weapons now have upgrades too , wow what a coincidence .
 Read the reviews on Jack II and you will see how cruel and nasty it was . Why come out with another one ? The first one was very very good , everything was appropriate and it was easy , but challenging ! Is n't that what every video game should be like ? Not too easy but not to hard neither ? Jack II came out with hard levels , cursing , Adult humor -LSB- If you thought Daxter was cute and friendly in the first one , you 'd be having your mouth open when he stars at a girl 's privates ... -RSB- and so much more disturbing sequences . This one was a disgrace to all of them . It 's short , everything is pretty much the same just that it takes place in a freakin ' desert instead of a rainy town , and guess what ? The adult situations are still there and it 's still no easier than the other 2 !!! Look , I prefer silent jack more than angry , violent Jack do n't you ? Let 's just say it 's a mess , no more and get on with life.Thank you .
 I really liked the first two Jak games , so I was excited to try Jak 3 . Whoa . Major mistake . This game is nothing more than a lame racing-wannabe . I was very disappointed in this game . If you are expecting a platformer , look elsewhere .
 Man , I remember struggling like heck with Jak 2 , and this time I buy Jak 3 and the next thing I know it 's over . If you 're prepared to die a lot without shutting off the game in frustration this should take you 5 to 6 hours.The designers talk about how proud they are that the wasteland is so huge . Hey , the wasteland can be the size of Texas , but if there are only three destinations I 'm not sure it was worth it . The same exact city from the last game is back , and so are similar missions . So if the only new additions are a set of stupid wings , the ability to regenerate health to make beating any board pretty simple , new guns that give you the abillity to easily kill more bad guys without making the new bad guys harder to kill , and a much less funny script than the last time around , well , color me unimpressed . If I wan na drive around on sand for two hours while mean cars shoot at me for terrible reasons I 'll go off road in San Andreas because I choose to , not because Jak needs to.I still liked it better than some of the other games I 've played , but horribly dissapointing . This is a fan of the series here , and what a final sour note .
 -LRB- im 15years-old not 13years-old -RRB- I buy ever game even kid games but jak 3 come on.you kids go buy it.But no , t me.I gave my jak 3 to my 9 year old brother .
 i did not get a chance to review this game because it did not work . I had to exchange it for a refund .
 i rented this game and was not that fun at all . they started me out with a short training level and then took me into an un fun warior shot out . with out going from easy to hard . so thats why gave this game 1 star .
 Made one year after the the sucessful Jak II , Naughty Dog created the final game in the original Jak trilogy -LRB- Jak X and Daxter PSP are spinoffs , not sequels . -RRB- . After playing Jak II , I borrowed Jak 3 from a friend to rent for a week . I had hopefully expected it to be like Jak II , only better . And oh my god , was I wrong ! Jak is now banished from Haven City for causing accidental chaos and using his Dark Jak powers . Now stranded in the dreaded desert Wasteland , Jak must now become a wastelander by passing many tests and earning the trust of Damas , the ruler of the wasteland city of Spargus . Jak must also find out the clues of a mysterious loght in the sky that gets slowly closer each day and find out the mystery of who the Precursors are and must save the world from the approaching darkness . Story - wise , the game is good -LRB- well , untill the shocking terrible ending -RRB- , it 's mainly the gameplay that I despise . In Jak 3 , although midway through you return to Haven City , most of the city is either destroyed or has been dramatically changed . Travelling through the Wasteland is worse . Instead of hoverbikes , there are dune buggies you travel across , which gets hit by a rock every way the wind blows . Another thing is the game 's length . For the average gamer , Jak 3 is only half as long as Jak II , and much easier in most areas . Oh and some of the characters of Jak II return , but are n't nedded there . Samos and Keira once again return , but do n't do ANYTHING in the game helpful to Jak but just talk every once in a while , especially Keira . Not only is she now voiced differently now , but she only says 5 lines the entire game , and only appears 3 times ! Vin make 's an unnessacary cameo appearance as a hologram in the computer , and he only appears once . Finally , the most ignorant thing happeans . Errol returns halfway through the game as Cyber - Errol , having most of his body now a robot . He ends up the final boss , which I find annoying . Good god , they should 've just let him die in a fitting end in Jak 2 , not this crap . So in conclusion , the ONLY reason to try Jak 3 is either to complete the trilogy or to rent , not buy it because it 's the best so far , which it 's not . I am EXTREMELY excited about Daxter for the PSP , which I plan to get very soon . It and Jak X will redeem the series from this junk . .
 I am 8 years old and I rented Jak3 . I liked Ratchetand Clank Up Your Arsenal a lot more than Jak3 . I thoughtJak3 was very hard and bad and it was not fun . I played for five days and I could not get past the first battle.You should definitely rent Jak3 before you buy it .
 When you do something right , and then later do something wrong , it demands comparison , and requires criticism.I love FarCry . It was for me near FPS perfection . For many , it had it 's weaknesses , but I have played it through sooo many times , maybe too many . I definitely got my money 's worth . Many of us love the FPS `` duke nukem '' style one against the impossible to beat invasion by `` whatever '' scenario.So with such a challenging success in Far Cry , we were really looking forward to Crysis , but with this new one Crytek falls down hard . The big picture planning -LRB- plot -RRB- was great , but the top dogs should have followed through with the details . Minor examples
 I was extremely surprised at this games low quality . I guess it somehow became famous due to the graphics being ahead of its time a few years ago and people use it to brag about benchmarking . The guns are not very accurate at all which is extremely frustrating . I could n't even get past the onslaught tank mission on easy-Had to use god mode . And i 'm pretty damn good at most games . I could have gone back 7-8 saves and done what a guy on youtube does but I wish the game was just more fluid . I guess i should have known to conserve ammo 10 mins earlier in the mission : : eyerolls : : . All of the difficulty settings are pretty much the same . Graphics are overrated and dont run well on my GTX 460 and dual core 2.9 . And finally , the story line is pretty lame . Almost no cut scenes , no character development , none of that stuff . You just randomly shoot asians which normally I think is funny but this time I do not.Get Just Cause 2 instead .
 This is a truly amazing game but unfortuately , it has some real problems that cause it to crash periodically . After about twenty minutes of gameplay , the software locks and Windows tells you that `` Crysis has stopped working '' . I am running the game on a brand new Dell Inspiron 620s with 6Gb of Ram and it locks up about every twenty minutes.I strongly urge potential buyers to read all the reviews on this game -LRB- Amazon and other game sites -RRB- before purchasing . I wish I had done the research .
 was not happy with my buy.miss leading to the buyer.your not getting what you see pic of crysis looks like when it first came out in stores.problem over priced for what you get is ea classics crysis that comes in a cheap plastic box with no game guide.and the dvd disc was moving around in the box it came in and its scratched up . $ 69.00 rip off.what a joke
 This game is not worth what I paid for it . It 's fun no doubt , however there are a few major drawbacks that make it a 1 star in my book.I brought the game home hoping to play it on the big screen with lights off , popcorn and all , but I quickly found out how much this game needs to play right . I do n't think any machine today can play this at max settings . It does play well in a small 800x600 window on my standard Dell 531s . The sandbox idea is nice . I like it . The game allows much more freedom and sinks the player into the world of the game where there is no one path to almost every situation . I still managed to beat it in 20 hours despite the annoying aliens . Although most of the game is a lone ranger deal , there are instances in which NPC allies help out.Multiplayer is beyond horrible ; not because power struggle is n't a bad idea ; not because of lag or little kids . People cheat and EA does n't do anything about it . When was the last time you seen a helicopter turn into an icicle and shatter in midair ? There was one guy that had infinite C4 . The chain reaction was so bad my computer froze.O and do n't get the XUSB controller . For some reason , the config ca n't be changed . The left thumb stick must be held down to crouch , which hurts my hand . Also , the trigger must be fully released and pulled all the way back to fire . This is a disadvantage online against people who use the mouse to shoot since the pistol is easy to aim and shoots as fast as you can click . -LRB- Edit
 It 's unfortunate that this game is known as the first DX10 game made . It really does n't say much for DX10 . While the graphics are OK , this game simply requires too many resources to play it . Of the 5 people I 've talked with face-to-face , their immediate response when I told them I bought the game was `` Oh , the game you can only play with a supercomputer . '' No kidding ! After changing every setting to low and struggling my way through most of the game , I finally got to the end of the game and it simply kept randomly freezing up , even after applying patch 1.2 . This game has been fun to play at points , but frankly is very frustrating . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 try and get this game to work in Vista , I dare you.with 3gb memory , an 8800 GTS video card , and the game looks like Quake back in 1995 ... what the hell is going on ??? No patch , no support , no help . . go to hell if you think I 'm recommending this turd to my friends . PUARFS !
 Do Not buy this game it will bring you pc to a stand still.It doesnt even compare to Far Cry . The game play is terrible The graphics would be ok if you had some super computor to run it on The hype on this game was unbelievable . I played the game twice then went right back to COD4 and Battlefield . I just dont know if any kind of patch could make this game better . If you own the game good luck
 The game starts out fun , the usual fighting , tank battle , sniper kind of mix . Challenging FPS , then it goes alien . While graphically cool , it completely loses touch in the CORE -LRB- interesting that the core of the CD sucks -RRB- . After you finally get out of the CORE , its fun again for a sequence , until you have to fly the VTOL . What a piece of junk . Unfortunately , the game is weaved through with tedious boring frustrating sequences -LRB- example , flying a VTOL in windy weather battling aliens who fly faster , turn better ... -RRB- . I finally gave up deciding that a game this frustrating was n't worth playing . Oh one other thing , you better have a VERY fast CPU and at least a GEForce 8800 NVIDA card to play this game or you 'll have LOTS of skipping and stop action -LRB- not the kind of stopping you want -RRB- . I would pass on this game which not rotten at the CORE , but certainly is wormy .
 Sure , this game has all the tech to make it one of the best looking games on the market . The problem is no computer can run it . The graphics are just not optimized as well as they could be . My comp can run games like Call of Duty 4 smooth and the difference in appearance is amazing.Gameplay is fun for the first 2/3 of the game and the ability to put attachments on weapons is a cool feature . The storyline however drags on and like most fps , is very weak.Sure this game may be a breakthrough in technology , however its just not that fun to play . Graphics does not equal good gameplay
 First to the obvious
 Includes SecuROM , enough said ! Get a clue EA ; you just lost another potential customer ! If you do n't know what SecuROM is , Google it .
 I have been attempting to play this game for a couple of weeks now . It crashes and crashes and crashes . I have uninstalled it and installed it 3 times . I have all of the patches . All of the current drivers for my sound card and video card . Windows is up to date.Crytek -LRB- the maker of Crysis -RRB- is under the impression that the fault lies with absolutely everything but their game . The moon is full , I was sitting in my chair wrong , whatever.Want to post something -LRB- or even find something on their website -RRB- ? Good luck . It is the most convoluted site I have ever seen . Save your money and buy a Tom Clancy game . At least those work .
 This game is the webster 's definition of garbage . The gameplay is an absolute joke . Set your suit to maximum armor , and shoot . Um , sorry but Red Faction has a better plot and multiplayer . I am not kidding . I ca n't pay someone enough to take this s ^ ^ % off my hands . Avoid at all costs , and it costs to play this game too . This brought my top-of-the-line machine with 2 gigs of DDR2 1000 , and a core 2 duo e6600 to about 1/4 FPS at max settings with an overclocked/unlocked 8600 GTS . Fraps read zero , i had to count the frames . Turning things down to low at 800x600 got me up into the 30 's again , except when explosions or cutscenes took place .
 Crysis is billed as `` from the makers of Farcry '' . Ubisoft , the Farcry developer , is not involved , so do n't expect it to be a follow-up of Farcry.Many bugs , some tedious section , not what I expected from all of the hype -LRB- that 's my fault I guess -RRB- . I liked Farcry better .
 This is the worst game I have ever purchased . With Win7 it keeps freezing during play requiring a complete restart of the game . It wo n't stay in full screen mode between games . The mouse sometimes will not got to the left side of the screen -LRB- a well known problem fixed by minimizing the game , checking full screen mode in system settings and then loading the game all over again -RRB- . A lot to go through when you already told it to start in full screen mode . I am running the latest 1.2.1 patch , which did no good at all . If I could get my money back I would and I definitely will not purchase Crysis 2 . If I programmed this game I 'd be very embarrassed to let it loose on the public .
 I have a decent PC , and have run many games . This is the first program I could load , it would begin , get about 1 minute into the introduction , and freeze . I followed all of the suggestions , even had someone with far greater computer skills than I load it , and the same thing happened . I was disappointed , but returning it was not unpleasant , and while it did cost a few bucks , it would not preclude me from considering another . Do pay attention to the previous complaints about a system hog . It is .
 I was really excited to play this game , but thankfully I waited for it to drop in price before buying . I have the hardware the game needs , but since it can not support my 2650x1600 display I had to drop the resolution before loading it each time . I found the enemy AI to be really good , but I got really bored of this game really quick , and eventually enabled all the cheats so I could just get through to the end and uninstall it . Hopefully I can get ten bucks for it on ebay .
 Poorly written and many many glitches that is about the best that can be said . It is way way over hyped . Absolutely not recommended . Waiting for Far Cry 2
 Crysis -LRB- technically -RRB- is a visionary game and I 'm sure when everyone catches up with the technical requirements in about 3-4 years history will judge it more leniently . For now , to publish a game that plays like garbage on what are considered -LRB- even now -RRB- to be good PCS shows a hubris that deserves criticism.You have to cater to your audience and dangling awesome graphics in front of the buying public as a selling point is just plain dishonest when you know that very few will be able to realize them.In point of fact you are selling a demo as the real thing .
 Could n't wait to get this game after the blast I had with Far Cry , one of my favorite games.I have a Dell 8400 with plenty of ram etc and a Radeon 256 card that I added a little over a year ago.I got the game home and it would n't run because of the card , could n't return the game , Curcuit city will only swap it.Installed Nvidia card , $ 130 , the game now plays and it reminds me of a Far Cry add on , nothing all that wonderful , just ok.I have always stayed away from Playstation , Xbox etc because I alway have thought the grapics are better.Now for this game I 'm into $ 180 and maybe should have considered WII or a Playstation.OH I almost forgot I running Windows XP and Vista is really what I need to fully enjoy Crysis.I 'll keep the Dell for awhile and maybe Santa will put a WII under the tree for me.Buyer beware as other reviews have warned , is this game worth the upgrade or maybe even a new PC to play this game or the other new shooters on the horizon.I 'm loosing faith in PC games that are supposed to blow us all away and really do n't deliver anything we have n't already seen or played .
 I 'm not a big fan of Crytek , if you ca n't tell by the title . Far Cry and Crysis both are games designed to need really expensive equipment to run , for no particular reason at all . Half Life 2
 Graphics are good , but software is buggy on Vista . Frequent crashes and lockups . Game play is also a bit boring - much more linear than Farcry . Plus , for the first half of the game , there are only a few weapons that have adequate ammo and they 're pretty basic -LRB- shotgun , machine gun , sniper rifle -RRB- . Buy Call of Duty 4 instead .
 Comparing Crysis to other FPSs I 've played , what I really loved about this game is how I can drive the vehicles and use the guns . When I was playing MOHAA , I do n't know how many times I wished I could have done that.On the other hand , I missed not being able to open doors or look in cabinets . It 's like I could do little with the inanimate world -LRB- other than pick things up and throw them -RRB- . Then there are the Bugs
 I played this game at my friend 's place , like it very much and was determined to buy one for myself . I started reading the Reviews and found out about SecuROM . Went and researched more about it online , and came to conclusion that paying EA to install irremovable malware in my machine does not sound like a great idea . So I will not be buying this game.I never heard of stuff like SecuROM before because I do n't hack or get anything from hackers . I like to pay for my product and have a peace of mind . It 's a pity that EA is turning away the people who is not involved in hacking by trying to get at those who do . Hackers will crack your stuff whether you secure it or not , those who do n't have the will and the skills to hack will not care . The SecuROM crap is just more hassle for the average PC user , who is already overwhelmed with all the technology.One would think that purchasing a legitimate copy gives you and advantage over acquiring illegal copy in terms of a hassle factor . It turns out it 's vice-versa . So get a clue EA , I will not be buying any of your products until you start producing user-friendly ones . Ciao .
 This is a good game but does not seem to work on my Windows 7 computer . It constantly crashes to a black screen , and even through research I have not been able to determine why .
 Listen , I am sick and tired of seeing the ads for this game in magazines and on the web . If you see them then you are forced to believe that the graphics shown are actually attainable . They are not . Yes , the graphics are `` amazing '' but only if you have a Cray supercomputer to run the game on . This is very upsetting to me . My system is very solid and I refuse to be forced to `` dummy down '' my graphics settings to play a $ 50 game . Doing so makes it look like FarCry from 5 years ago . Obviously , the graphics you see in the ads can not be run on most machines ... even gaming enthusiast 's machines . So , why buy this game if you can not enjoy its biggest asset -LRB- great graphics -RRB- ??? There are no graphic optimizations done by this company . What a let down.Also , anyone who has played Battlefield 2142 knows that EA does not support multiplayer at all . It barely has forums on its website . You can forget any meaningful technical support from this company .
 Amazing graphics , interesting storyline , absolutely terrible gameplay.Frankly , this game is ridiculously easy . How ? 1 . Stealth mode .2 . Headshot .3 . Run , then hide until your energy recharges .4 . Repeat .5 . ??? 6 . PROFIT!If you 're looking to check a benchmark on graphics with a game , I would suggest you get this . If you 're looking for a game that will provide fun and enjoyment ? Skip this one .
 Bought this game After finishing cysis Warhead but after playingfound the game stops working half way and have to star game all over again ,
 If you played Far Cry , then you know what this game is about and what you were expecting . The graphics are fantastic but the game play is on a lower level when compared to Far Cry.PROS - Basically , you are getting more Far Cry ! LONG OVER DUE !!! Excellent graphics.New weapons.Nano Suit - give you super human abilities.CONS - Linear game play with too many scripted events . -LRB- In other words , you can not venture around and find alternate attack routes as much as you did in Far Cry and as soon as the game hits a save point , you know action is about to happen . It takes away all the surprise ! -RRB- BUGGY . This game crashes a lot . You can review different gaming forums and read the horror stories . Pretty pathetic for the excellent team of people behind CRYSIS to have released this clunker piece of manure out before it was well tested ! I can not play for more than 20 minutes without crashing out . -LRB- Yes I am updated and even running the latest NVIDIA beta drivers designed to resolve CRYSIS problems ! -RRB- This is kind of just like Far Cry all over again.Another scientific experiment gone wrong.Another batch of aliens invades the earth.The worst part is , you spend the entire 2nd half of the game fighting aliens . UGHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! Also , the AI was crappy . I found the enemy to be VERY stupid and not very aggressive . In Far Cry the soldiers would come after me , flank me , attack hard . I almost could fall asleep at times waiting for the soldiers to do something !!!! This could have been the game we were waiting for . Instead , it is a clumsy , half finished , unpolished remake of a great game !
 Okay , First ... Crysis is NOT joystick friendly !!! All it supports is the XBox 360 Joystick , -LRB- they make an adapter for your PC -RRB- and although they make it look like you can , `` configuring '' the joystick is not really an option . I know , because I went out and purchased the joystick ... So , you ca n't change what any of the joystick buttons do , because Microsoft has made that decision for you ! I can not fathom Microsoft making a `` keyboard only '' game in this day and age.Also , you need to play the game with the DVD in the drive the whole time , or go through the frustration of trying to download a Trojan free . exe file patch . This game is rated `` M '' for mature , so if you do n't want little ears hearing the `` F bomb '' you have to download a patch for that too ... or turn the human voices off in the settings.I gave the game to a neighbor -LRB- with the above disclaimers -RRB- , returned the joystick , and deleted the game from my hard drive . In my opinion , this game is a far cry from a good game ...
 I am VERY disappointed by this game . I have a very high end gaming machine and I have problems running this at lowest settings . At higher settings it does n't run at all . I 'm running a dual core system with dual Nvidia graphics cards and this game sucks ! If I could take the game back and get my money I would . Once again EA rips me off . I 'll never buy another EA product .
 not a very engaugeing game sub par graphics . Tryed several times to play and couldent hold my intrest , Ive played board games funner .
 Was impossible to me play with this game , because need a special video card -LRB- the cost of this hard ware is over $ 300 -RRB- non specificated in the web page.Also the game is a DVD non the tradicional CD.I waste my money in nothing .
 If you just want to play the game and are not computer savvy I 'd say stay away from this game and this company -LRB- EA -RRB- because if something goes wrong with your install or it 's anti-pirating software messes with your computer you ... are ... screwed . If you think you know your stuff then go for it.Securom 7 installs with Crysis warhead . This Securom is installed covertly , is unable to be uninstalled without advanced knowledge of your operating system -LRB- see first paragraph -RRB- , its not worth the hassle and I personally would n't give my money to a company that puts malware on my computer ` for pirating protection ' . Hackers who do n't pay for the game get to play malware/Securom free.Don ' t bother buying a game with either Steam or Securom -LRB- DRM -RRB- . Reviewers that say this DRM is ` no big deal ' sound suspiciously like EA employees . EA wants you to pay to rent this game as you can not resell Crysis . If Crysis did n't have DRM I WOULD GLADLY HAVE PAID FULL PRICE FOR THIS -- as it is , I will find a cracked version and bypass EA 's ` pirate precautions ' and I do n't feel bad about it at all . I hate companies that try and F# < k with my computer ... I 'm looking at you Sony -LRB- I got burned back during the Mini-disk fiasco -RRB- . I 'd recommend this to others as well .
 Alienware SystemAMD X2 64004 gig RAM2X 8800GTX NVIDA cards SLIPluses : Visually stunning in the beginning areas - there were a few moments that I HAD to show to whoever was around at the time.Suit concept is good . would have liked to been able to upgrade it.Minuses : The games got very tedious around the `` Core '' level . Many of the aliens looked like extras from the Matrix . The floating elements of the game were dull dull dull.After the core level , a lot of it is run and gun . You need a lot of luck to get through some of the areas considering you can be killed with a single shot in many cases . After the 9th load - it 's not challenging boys - its freaking annoying . F5 was my very good friend.I really loved Farcry , but this falls very short of that mark . It starts strongly , but I 'd have to agree with the reviewer who wrote that it seemed rushed towards the end . I had a LOT of clipping problems as well.And HEY CRYTEK - how about a language filter ? I had to make absolutely sure my kids were no where in earshot.Also , what gives with the weapons ? I have a supersuit that allows me huge strength , but I ca n't carry more than 2 rifles at a time?So yes - like my title says - the pretty but brainless date . Nice to look at , but wo n't keep your interest.Ah well - onto Bioshock .
 I 'll admit , I should have done more research before purchasing . If I had I would have heard about the overbearing copy protection on this title ... one that even prevents a legitimately purchased DVD from being used . The fun starts when you first insert the DVD into your drive . You wait , expecting the drive to search for the lead in information and then spin normally . After several minutes , you hear worrying sounds from your DVD ... it starts clicking and spinning loudly . After 10 minutes you realize that something is not right ... especially when Windows begins to slows up and become non-responsive -LRB- on a Vista 64-bit machine with a quad core processor and 4Gb memory -RRB- . Apparently Windows is spending it 's resources to recognize the DVD -LRB- or deal with the requirements or the overbearing copy protection -RRB- . Needless to say , EA games technical support has n't responded ... actually support is non-existent . I actually never got this game to play ... the DVD has turned into an expensive drink coaster . I would n't recommend purchasing this game -LRB- or any game from EA games -RRB- as the copy protection software and buggy installation will only lead to disappointment .
 I perchest two Crysis games for me and my son one for my Dell Inspiron 9100 with a Pemtium 4 CPU 3.00 GHZ ,1 GB of ram and 256 MB AGI graphic card and the other one for a Alienware Area 51 M9750 with Core 2 CPU T7600 @ 2.33 GHZ , 4 GB of ram and 2 Nvidia Gefore Go 7950 GTX SLI 512 MB each that 's 1GB of Vidio . Crysis will play on the Dell fairly good but on the Alienware it freezes all the time the colors are off the sound is off the graphics are blocky impossible to play . I down loaded all the up dates for this game no help so you can see the game only works on low end computers what 's up with that ? John
 Overall the controls are a little sloppy . My main annoyance is you ca n't switch suit modes as seamlessly as in the the video .
 Wan na know something funny?I was going to title this review `` airheaded , '' because that 's my one-word summation of the game.But in a moment of absent-mindedness , when trying to get to THIS page , I accidentally typed `` airheaded '' into the Amazon search engine , rather than `` Crysis . `` The spooky thing is that , at least as of the date of this writing , when you type in `` airheaded '' into Amazon 's search engine , `` Crysis Maximum Edition '' is the first search result returned ! Like Amazon was reading my mind.Or , more realistically , I ca n't be the only guy thinking that this game is a little short on , uh , pabulum . Not that a first person Armageddon-style shoot 'em up is supposedly to be heavily intellectual ; it 's just that we 've seen this so many times before
 The game kept freezing at the same spot . I re-downloaded the game form amazon and updated my drivers , and the game still would not work . Also , i could n't install the crysis patches , not sure why . Go buy the actual game , do n't buy this download version . The game is great ! The part at least i got to play .
 Love this game . Which is why I bought it . Ca n't seem to install any update . Game is n't working as it should . When trying to run @ 1080P the game is laggy and buggy . Ca n't do pretty much anything . Updates wo n't install . Ca n't play in native resolution of monitor . So everything looks like pure crap . NEED A FIX !
 This review is in response to all those Gamer `` Elitists '' saying that this or that guys computer sucks , and it 's NOT the game.Well guess what they are wrong it IS the game . I have a OC E6600 , Vista 64 , 4gb or Ram 8800GTS -LRB- G92 ,512 mbOC -RRB- and I get about 25 fps with everything on high 1440x900 no AA , and it dips in Firefight to the low teens , unplayable . Forget about ultra high , thats a slideshow , my video card had n't even been on the market when this game came out , and my card at this resolution is in the top 5 made.Not to mention the serious bugs , bad handling vehicle 's and bad voice work.Not that I completely hate the game , but it seems Crysis is just a Tech Demo for the engine .
 Do not purchase any games with either Steam or Securom -LRB- DRM -RRB- . These gaming companies want you to pay $ 60 to basically rent a game -LRB- limited installs , can not resell the game -RRB- I will not purchase any games that install spyware/rootkits on my computer and I recommend you do the same . Be an informed consumer , research what these programs do . There is a reason the companies that publish these games do n't offer any information when purchasing these games about securom/steam , they know an informed consumer would never install these malicious and damaging programs . Do yourself and the entire gaming community a favor and do not purchase these games .
 I usually do n't bother to write reviews , but this game was too disappointing to let go.I 'll keep this short
 So much hype about this game I might have been expecting too much from it.Cons : I did n't think the graphics were above average , that surprised me.AI is nonexistent . They do n't hunt you down , they just shoot at anything close by they can see . Move out of their sight and they stop shooting you . They do shoot/see through plants though , which gets annoying . It 's like they have a cheat that lets them ignore plants . At long range the AI ignores you as you pick enemies off like shooting fish in a barrel.I could n't get Multiplayer working.Pros : It is playable .
 No one has mentioned that this game is copy protected by securom that that will install a virus on your hard drive you can NOT remove.Also because there is limited game play anyone would be a fool to buy it used.So much for reselling it on amazon.I sure wo n't buy one used or not.This whole limited play thing is designed so you can not resell the game.WHAT A RIP OFF .
 GraphicsThe game has good graphics and physics . Even that is overrated . I am not impressed with it . I was 10x more impressed with graphics from another MODERN game about WARFARE.GameplayAfter shooting down a couple of trees the game quickly becomes stale . The suit is useless because you can only use abilities for about 3 seconds . People say that the game is open exploration . Yeah , it is , but there isnt much to explore besides jungle and the occassional Korean outpost . You mostly have one mission and you follow the nav point to get there . You are extremly weak ; running into a camp full blast is useless . I had to sneak everywhere invisible and snipe with my machine gun to keep from getting killed.My final thought ? Overrated . and BORING
 I purchased this game after reading all the great reviews . After downloading which is always good with Amazon the game itself can install . When you attempt to run the game it crashes . I have windows 7 64 bit and tried running the program in every compatibility mode that windows 7 can and the same issue . I though maybe it was a 64 bit problem so I loaded it on my 32 bit system and the same issue . EA website suggests installing patches and after downloading them they will not install on either system . If I could give no stars I would . This game probably should not be available for download/purchase since it wo n't run on modern hardware and operating systems . I hope I can get a refund for this purchase as I am not happy about a non functional game being sold to me . I do n't blame this on Amazon as much as EA . Games that are not compatible with the last 2 Windows operating systems should have notices letting people know that . My 2 cents .
 Bought the game and the dvd wo n't even load on a win7 64-bit pc . Makes it look as though it 's empty . It 's not empty and started to load on an underpowered XP . Take a long look at all the negative comments here . They are overwhelmingly technical issues . They are overwhelmingly unresolved . Either the ultra advanced technical issues get you or the security will . It does n't look like it 's possible to return . If you 're looking for more frustration in your life , this is the game for you .
 By now , there are certain things that the gaming community has come to expect from good first-person shooters . Not all first-person shooters , mind you , just the good ones . And they do n't necessarily have all of these things , either ; just a majority is usually enough . Unfortunately , Crysis falls well short of even this standard.A good FPS should have a variety of bad guys . Doom gave us a huge variety of bad guys . Duke Nukem gave us a huge variety of bad guys . Quake gave us a huge variety of bad guys . American McGee 's Alice , Star Trek Voyager
 I spent about 6 hours trying to get crysis/warhead to run on my windows 7 64-bit system , and was unable to . after looking all over the internet , apparently it works on some peoples machines under vista compatibility mode , and not on others . would like to have that 6 hours of my life back , as well as a refund from amazon , but no such luck .
 I hardly ever write reviews but this one annoyed me really bad.I 'm sure the game is nice but did n't get to play it at all.This software does n't work on Windows 7 64bit . Do people even buy 32bit OSs anymore?Would be nice if Amazon brings up an alert or some kind of set of questions that customers need to answer in order to ensure compatibility with the customer 's hardware before purchasing the software . 0 stars for Amazon 's service regarding software purchase .
 This game was great to play . Unfortunately the official patches refused to work . I can still play this game but only at original retail version.EA has been no help at all . They really dont seem to care.I will be avoiding EA games in the future . EA PC games just dont seem to work right anymore and Iam tired of wasting my money on games that wont work .
 The game is a superb FPS until they have you fly . The controls are the worst I have seen in nearly 20 years of computer gaming . Complete failure of design . The enemy stays right behind you and you have very little control over the aircraft . Thankfully it only lasts a few minutes .
 WARNINGI bought Crysis as part of a package -LRB- with Crysis Warhead and Crysis 2 -RRB- , and found out the game has problems when using HDMI output . I am not able to run the game on my projector via HDMI , and have no problems running other modern-day games.It 's a know issue with the Crytek issue that people have complained about in the past , but Crytek has never bothered to fix it , based on my research on the internet.Anyhow , avoid this title if you are running a pure HDMI output to your monitor -LRB- s -RRB- .
 The game will not even start up , it just crashes on the load screen . The problem is that EA decided for this download pack they would only provide the 32bin , and not the 64bin files . You can not activate it with your keys via Origin or Steam so no chances of getting a full download that way either . I have no idea why they would do this and not post that in the product description so it makes the game a waste of space on your hard drive . Going back to Amazon and asking for a refund .
 Amazon 's ad for this download never mentioned that it was only the 32 bit version and would not work in Win 7 64 bit ... Refunds are not given in this case either ... What a joke .
 why any one they have a new gaming pc what to run a 32 bit os waste on mony the game do not run att all they got me this timemy specamd fx 8150asus sabertooth 990 moo2 gtx 560 sli16 gigs of ram 1600on ocz sd and 2 segate a 1tand the game do not run
 I just finished Crysis , and wow ... what a tremendous disappointment.I had some of the bugs other people mentioned , but I am used to bugs . I thoroughly enjoyed S.T.A.L.K.E.R.
 With as much hype as there was for this game , I was really looking forward to it and I had such high hopes for Crysis . However , I should have known that because the very first thing I encountered after the installation was a bug , that I was going to find the game to be frustrating in the end.Bugs are very often related to the vast array of hardware and software that make up our computers , so your experience may be different , but here are the specifications of the system I 'm playing on so that there is a basis for comparison . I have a 2.4 GHz quad core CPU from Intel , the Q6600 . My video card is the NVIDIA 8800 GT with 512 MB of video memory . I have 8 GB of RAM and I 'm running Vista 64 , so that I can use all of it.On the initial load , the game chose 1024x768 , which is quite different from my 1920x1200 desktop and apparently the makers of the game , Crytek , never considered this possibility , because I could n't use the mouse to select any of the menu items ; the origin of the screen and the origin of the mouse were different . This meant , that in order to click on a button my mouse pointer was somewhere off the lower right of my screen . This was not a good sign and did n't instill a good first impression . I ended up having to change my desktop to 1024x768 in order to click on any of the buttons on the main menu screen . -LRB- I retested this after patch 1.1 was released and it is still a problem , which shocked me , because when I first encountered the bug a quick search of the web revealed that I was n't alone . -RRB- The first two-thirds of the game are fairly fun , though nowhere near as intense , non-stop , or varied as Call of Duty 4 . Although , the more open , less linear aspects of the early levels , give the player many opportunities to explore , I failed a couple of missions because I did n't realize that there were time constraints for success . Towards the middle of the game , there is a very linear , zero-gravity , level that is a bit boring , very confusing , and adds little to the game . After this level is where the really annoying bugs begin.After the zero-g level , another marine has modified for his personal use , one of the alien 's weapons . Aside from being nearly ineffectual , the sound produced by this gun introduced a new bug , where all of my speakers started popping and a distorted version of the alien gun sounds would continue without end , even making it impossible to understand what the characters said . Turn on subtitles so you can work through these sorts of bugs . In the same scene , there were some graphical bugs where the aliens legs would stick to one part of the world while the rest of the alien continued on its way to some other part of the world , leave stretched , blue alien parts across my screen . This continued even after installing the patch.In the last level , on the aircraft carrier , the game really heads south . For the entire game , I 'd been playing at 1920x1200 , with no antialiasing , and all of the advanced settings on medium . These settings were unplayable on the aircraft carrier . Perhaps Crytek ran out of time to optimize the performance of this level . In my view , they should have delayed the release . This is not really helped by the patch , either.The next bug involves saving and loading the game . In the early levels , loading a level for the first time would take less than 30 seconds and loading or saving a game that was in progress was nearly instantaneous . However , during the Reckoning level , these actions would take several minutes . I actually used the task manager to kill the game several times when this first started , because the automatic load after death took so long I was sure the game had frozen , but no , this was just how long it took . This was not fixed by patch 1.1 . At this point , I 'm beginning to wonder what the patch was for.The final encounter of the game takes place on the aircraft carrier 's deck , which due to even more bugs , is not solid . I must have fallen through the `` solid '' surface to the rooms below or into the ocean a couple of dozen times . This was annoying enough , bug combined with the several minute load times make this last part of the game , not worth playing . I stuck it out to the end and finished the boss , at which point the game says `` checkpoint reached '' and promptly hangs . Since the game normally automatically saves after a check point , I left my screen frozen there for 20 minutes before giving up and killing the process . As you might have guessed by now , this was not fixed by the patch.Of course , since it had n't saved my game , I got to do the final encounter again , but after falling through the deck several more times , I decided that it just was n't worth the aggravation.With all of the games out there , I find it impossible to recommend Crysis due to its many , many bugs .
 There is a serious bug with a very long trail of complaints -LRB- Google `` Crysis TAC Gun bug '' -RRB- , that lets you get all the way to the final `` Reckoning '' boss battle and your TAC gun will not lock on to beat the boss and finish the game . I personally have spent hours and tried every `` solution '' on the various forums and applied updates through 1.2 with no success . Apparently neither EA or Crytek will seriously acknowledge this issue probably because it seems to be an obscure hardware and 64-bit dependent bug and is n't easy to duplicate . You may or may not have this problem depending on your setup but regardless it makes my recommendation AVOID !
 One word ... disappointing . Buy something else . The single player campaign is way too short , and the ending does n't resolve anything . Nothing new as far as gameplay . I have an 8800 gtx , and it 's playable , but not smooth . I 'm sure to get max performance , you 'd have to invest $ 1,000 in video cards , which is just nuts . I wo n't be buying any sequels .
 Let 's get one thing straight
 I just opened this game and really could n't play more than half an hour without my fingers tiring of the controls . Almost all of the events use the same rapid succession of the X and O buttons to gain speed . I found it difficult to continually press these buttons and I could n't compete with the computer athletes in most events . I tried pressing the buttons with my index and second finger instead of just my thumb , but it was n't much better .
 The game repeatedly asks you to press X and O buttons alternately and endlessly . After 15 minutes of gameplay , my fingers are so tired that I can not play this game anymore . How could a game company be so careless that it does not consider this factors?The game also suffers from unoriginality . After a while , you will find that the game controls replicate itself throughout all sub-games - pressing X and O repeatedly . How can that be fun?Very - disappointing title . In fact , ESPN International Track and Field has better controls and more interesting .
 I really liked Athens 2004 especially the events that do not require button bashing . Check out Gymnastics and High Jump as two examples.We had great fun as a multi player and spoofing it out on the dance mat .
 989 sports has all of these great and awseome ideas ! They just cant figure out how to put it together.Athens 2004 is a game based on the Olympics -LRB- fully liscenced -RRB- which includes full rosters for most nations . NOTE
 This game is TERRIBLE !!! What a waste of $ $ $ . Rent this game before you buy and save yourself the $ $ $ $ . You Wo n't buy it ! Do n't make the same mistake that I made.I took a chance with this game because it is the `` Official Video Game of the Olympics '' ... it is obvious that no one played it before they endorsed it . This game does not require skill ... just the ability to click XYXYXY ... as fast as you can to speed up ... whipee.This is the WORST game I have seen for PS2 !!!!
 Do n't even bother thinking about this game . I have n't tried the multi-p mode , but the one-p is total **** ! The developer , 989 -LRB- have you ever heard of them ? -RRB- , totally botched the controls . For the swimming and track , you might as well do the actual event , it 'd be easier ! If the IOC had used a company like EA Sports , maybe the game would have been better . There is a limited amount of events , very small selection , and the controls revolve around pressing O and X alternatingly at a very high and difficult speed ! I usually take to video games quickly , but this one was so complicated that I had to read the instruction booklet more than 3 times just to comprehend it ! On the controls screen before the event there is a video , but it assumes that you have some auto-presser that can press the buttons at over 2,000 presses a minute ! If you can do that and wo n't injure your fingers on it , go ahead and spend $ 40 on a piece of crap . I hope that the party mode and women 's floor is better with the dance pads , but the other events are way too difficult . I swear , this game is the WORST I 've ever played , and I 've played 150 + video games . Do n't bother with it . Seriously .
 WARNING
 Apparently Valve has no respect for customers or US patent law . Or maybe it 's just the principle of `` if you can engineer a good game , **** 'em all and make as much money as you can . `` Valve games can not be re-sold , thus eliminating any second market , say through Amazon or eBay . For comparison , imagine if you bought a used car that would not start because it was used . There are no labels to that effect on the box or by sellers , and you 're just stuck . And you must have an internet connection to play -LRB- also not on the box -RRB- . What you buy is basically download software and the permission to load their game on your computer . This is how valve does business . If you do n't like it , you 're stuck , because Valve customer service is abysmal.Their games are good , I 'll give them that . But I wo n't be going back to the Valve well any time soon . The the world of Valve , the customer is always wrong . It is their -LRB- illegal -RRB- way or the highway .
 I bought the Orange Box three days ago . For some reason , the games are trying to download themselves from Steam rather than installing off of the DVD 's . So far , only the original Half Life has installed . This is after leaving my computer running nonstop for two whole days . Occasionally , the install craps out with `` The Steam Servers are too busy . Try again in a few minutes '' and I start the install again.If the games are n't finished installing by tomorrow -LRB- 72 hours after purchase -RRB- I am sending this back for a refund .
 After waiting for a very very long time for this edition of Team Fortress to finally release , I was excited to pay and download through `` Steam '' . What a smack in the face that was . This was most likely the biggest waste of money . I almost cried from pure disappointment . The map layouts are almost exactly the same as TFC maps . It seems all that was done is the designers added a new layer of graphics over the old layout . After so much time being spent on this , I would have hoped for a better product.Oh yeah , where are the grenades ? How does a shooter game exist without having grenades?TFC has TF2 beat by a long run . Purchase TFC -LRB- Half Life 1 Anthology -RRB- instead .
 I first played Half-life 2 as a demo . The new player is required to set up an account with a company called ` steam ' . Only shortly into the game i lost my connection and tried to play again . Was asked to log back on . I never recorded my password since i set it up in the 1st place to play the DEMO . Steam asked for my user name -LRB- which it still had -RRB- to send the password to my email -LRB- like all decent programs -RRB- . I did this numerous times to no avail . Tried to set up a new account -LRB- in desperation -RRB- with a new password . Used the serial nmbr on box which i paid for to be told that the account already existed . So , if you get this game make sure you do n't lose the password cause you 'll be screwed like me . Played about 3 hours of 5 games for $ 30 .
 I bought The Orange Box just so I could play Portal . I got Portal 2 and loved it . I have a Mac and a PC . I cant play The Orange Box on my Mac , so I got it for my PC . First of all , I decided to install all 5 games for my PC . Big mistake . I sat at my computer for 2 hours . And I have a great system . Then , I had to set up some software called STEAM . It SEEMED to work fine . So finally , I clicked PLAY PORTAL . It started loading ... and then crashed . It said something about a JAVA error , even though I have the latest version of JAVA , and crashed . I spent another 5 hours trying to get Portal to load . I tried to play Half-Life 2 ant Team Fortress . No luck . And finally , I tried STEAM SUPPORT . It said useless stuff like , `` Try to update JAVA '' and , `` Re-Install the game . '' I spent 2 hours trying to install this ! No Way ! STEAM is a horrible program , and should just let you download the game !
 The same problem , no listed minimal requirments , no listed notice that an internet hook up is required -- and broadband ... not even on the box.Anyway , refer to my review about F.E.A.R. 2 for a more indepth explaination . Sorry for being such a ` stick in the mud ' with you gamers but this is all I can do to make the producers of these programs straighten up and give out all the required information.Anyway , as far as the orange box goes , I ` still ' do n't know what the minimal system requirments are even after looking inside the box . Futher , the fact you have to have a internet connection is n't listed nor is the fact you must have broadband.So ... despite having a new computer system ... my system wo n't run these games because steam requires internet connection and broadband.I do n't have broadband and my server cuts off after four hours.I really think all of us should get together and give everybody , who does n't list all requirments , the one star middle finger . After all , the people who make these programs know the requirments , and they know we need to know these requirments , the only reason they do n't list them is ... they want everybody -LRB- whether you can run it or not -RRB- to buy their game ... greed.If anybody can prove me wrong I 'm more than willing to ` edit ' this review and the one about FEAR 2 ... I wo n't try to change the star rating ... but I would update what I 've said to the factual truth.A good start would be if you had the ` orange box ' and you could find the minimal system requirments listed and point it out to me.Another would be if you have 5.6 dialup and managed to install , update , and run this program . -LRB- If you have broadband ... do n't waste our time -RRB- . Once again , sorry!bye .
 Steam is an absolute nightmare . The game ran fine initially . I quit the game and went back to play some more , but Steam found problems with my `` Local Game Files '' and then tried to download the files from Steam-infinitely ! I tried to reinstall from dvd and `` Steam servers are too busy , please try again in a few minutes '' during which time the Steam servers were apparently NOT too busy to drop an ad for a new Steam game onto my desktop . Maddening , sbdolutely maddening . If you do n't enjoy frustration , buy something else !
 Give me a freakin break!I go in and buy a box and I want the GAMES not the software to download the game . I should not have to upgrade my line of communication in order to download a game . Also , I should not have to be ONLINE or in ONLINE mode to play a game.The games once downloaded I awesome and I like to play them . But I will * never * buy another Steam/Valve box of download software!Once they go belly up , how do I get to keep my games?Mike
 WARNING
 This game uses Steam - a digital distribution , digital rights management , multiplayer and communications platform developed by Valve Corporation.Some of the problems with Steam :1 . Privacy - steam collects information from users , without notifying the user at the time of collection or offering an opt-out . This leads many people to consider Steam to be a form of spyware .2 . Steam is a worldwide delivery system yet it allows publishers to geographically restrict where a game is available , and at what price . Many people have found that in regions outside the US games are either not available , or are sold at grossly inflated prices compared to the US .3 . To play a game that uses Steam you must connect over the Internet to the Steam website and create a Steam account . So if you are without Internet access you will be denied access to run your game . Also Steam 's Internet servers are not guaranteed to be running at all times , so you will also be denied access to your game if their servers are down .
 The Orange Box contains 5 games . One of them I have been playing . It is good and feels just as if you were there fighting . You could smell the blood.However , I have not been able to play one of the other games , although I bought it about 4 weeks ago . I have been trying to contact their tech support , to no avail . They do not answer my e-mails , and there is no phone number to call.It is just too bad that their tech support is as bad as good is the game.Bottom line
 Steam used to be an optional install for your computer now that you are forced to install it before you can install this game . I have had a pretty little orange box sitting on my shelf for a week . If you use AOL as an ISP , I would recommend not purchasing this game until they come out with a fix for this , because you can not download the steam update while using AOL therefore the whole game is useless and unable to be installed until this is fixed . The orange box has become a pretty expensive BOOKEND for me . THANKS STEAM !
 When launching any of the games purchased , I could n't get passed the intro as my system kept crashing . My PC is only a year old and exceeds the minimum requirements , I have an NVIDIA 7300 LE , new X-FI Xtreme Audio sound card , and 2.66 GHz Pentium 4 . My PC kept locking up so many times that when I powered off , it corrupted my master boot file which took me a day figure out how to fix . Once back into Windows , I IMMEDIATELY uninstalled everything.What really shocks me is a game maker that suggests you completely remove all anti-virus software completely in order to solve lock-up problems . I use Norton AV 2008 , and if Steam ca n't get their game to work properly with such a popular AV software package , they have no business trying to sell this product .
 Got it out of the box when I got home , excited about playing Portal . Plugged it in , I get nothing but an account prompt . Okay , that 's fine , I had a Steam account years ago . Type in my username and password . Okay , does n't work , that 's weird . Okay , so I do the password retrieval . Hours go by . Nothing in my e-mail . I try to create a new account . I 'm sorry , your e-mail is already being used ! Your account name is already taken!Frustrating , no fun to be had here , waste of time . No support number to call , no way to get to a human being . Horrible support , horrible installation , horrible product to purchase .
 Beware . A lot of people on here selling `` New but opened '' copies of orange box are actually selling registered copes and Valve -LRB- in their infinte wisdome -RRB- refuse to transfer licences from one customer to another -LRB- in violation of the `` First Sale '' doctrine of copyright law -RRB- . DO NOT BUY a used copy except from an ` authorized valve reseller ' -LRB- whoever that is , apparently not Amazon , unfortunately -RRB- .
 I purchased the orange box retail -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- , installed with the DVD , and successfully activated my key though Steam . Everything was fine and dandy for a few days but then I went to play some Portal one night and all the games associated with the Orange Box were removed from my account for no apparent reason . When I try the launch the games from my desktop , I get a ` Territory Error ' and I 'm forced to quit . Valve has not been helpful in this regard and I still can not figure out why the removed the games from my account without warning , and I 'm a paying customer . Valve claims that you can install and play any game associated with you Steam account on any computer in the world . However , my experience so far has taught me that I ca n't even play them on my own computer ! I urge you to stay away from Valves products until you can be guaranteed that you wo n't be locked out of your Steam account . As of right now I 'm out $ 4X . XX and have no games to show for it . Valve will never see a dime from me again .
 Used games from Steam and Valve are likely already registered to another person and unless they enclose their pre-existing login ID and password , you 'll never successfully install used HL / HL2 or that stupid Portal game.It is a waste of time unless the seller is aware of the issue and plans to enclose their login ID.GCFScape can be used to easily extract sound and video cut scenes from the GB + setup files stored on the DVD 's . For the purists , be aware the original setup CD 's from the 1990 's were also audio compatible CD 's with the original soundtracks , the Orange Box and valu-packaged re-releases are n't audio compatible , and wo n't even include all of the original songs . This is a topic of discussion typically of interest to the same people that waste time arguing about how George Lucas ruined StarWars by remastering it and why the original 30 year old VHS tapes supersede all others.You can still YouTube for the original songs if it is that important.Sucking Fteam !
 As always , the half life franchise is great , but I have had a lot of trouble running HL 2 episode one and two . The games have caused inumerable crashes and hang ups during gameplay . I had to shut down every program on my computer in order to run . Never had this problem with Half Life until `` Steam '' became involved . Portal ran fine .
 I like game software , owning what I purchase . Valve Software and Steam , the internet-based registration process , prevents me from ever buying Halflife anything , anymore.I was one of the few lucky ones to get Steam to work on my PC when I purchased Half-Life 2 . But then I realized that I bought a licensing scheme , not a game.Never again , no matter how `` good '' the gameis supposed to be . .
 I purchased the orange box for PC . big mistake . i installed steam , and after waiting 3 hours for it to finish , i started installing ONE game off of the orange box , HL2 , and after a cpl hours , it was still preparing cache files . i leave it on all night -LRB- about 10 more hours -RRB- , still preparing . i try again and wait all day , after reinstalling steam and everything . still preparing cache files . i want my money back or a copy without steam or something , because my internet here sucks , and the box has ZERO mention of requiring internet OR having to use steam . i am thoroughly disappointed with this , and will most likely never purchase another Valve game unless these problems get fixed . im probably just going to torrent it , if Valve yells at me , ill yell back cuz the store bought version sucks .
 While playing this video , our laptop stopped working . Were told by Dell Support Tech that the game , because it was written by Atari was not really compatible with Windows.Has anyone else had this experiece ?
 Amazed that I had to buy a bunch of games I already own as well as others I do not want in order to get Ep 2 -LRB- what a scam -RRB- . I bought orange retail and while installing/activating through Steam I kept getting server errors and told to try again later . Maybe it 's just me but when I lay $ 50 hard earned dollars down for a game , I want to take it home and play it -LRB- after all I own it right ? - wrong -RRB- . Valve 's Steam software dictates when I can play . Well , when I finally got Ep 2 up and running -LRB- the next day -RRB- , it was OK - nothing special and certainly not worth $ 50 -LRB- maybe $ 20 -RRB- but at least they gave me a bunch of other games I could care less about . I 've finally come to the realization that my Steam days are over . Valve 's Steam has become more oppressive than the Combine .
 Well it loads ... and ... well u got a crap load of stuff that dosent work ! I have bought PORRTAL2 through STEAM.com and also Gmod both from steam.com and ... i have this crappy blue error screen ! I SPENT $ 40 **** ING DOLLARS ! I AM SOOO MAD AT STEAM ! ive got everyone i know to try to fix it ... THANKS ALOT , STEAM YOU JUST WAISTED MY TIME AND MONEY ! YOU PROBALY JUST SCAMMED ME ! IT TOOK 5 HOURS IN ALL TO DOWNLOAD ! and $ 40.00 SO FORGET ABOUT MY BUSINESS WITH YOU , STEAM!so if you want this game ... JUST DONT BUY IT its a good game but it crashes you PC so now i ca n't do anything i want to do!steam - steam is a game engine that scamms people for their money just to have fun . . AND THEY DONT EVEN GIVE REFUNDS !
 Half Life 2 is probably the most boring game I have ever played . Team Fortress 2 is kind of fun , but I do n't really play it either . Portal is the only game in this collection worth buying -LRB- it 's fantastic ! -RRB- , and you can get it for about half the price of the Orange Box.I would n't have bought the Orange Box if I had n't thought Half Life 2 was a game I wanted to play ...
 Steam is the worst . If you want a hassle after you have paid , but before you play , try Bioshock , at least it is a better game . Pass on this Pumpkin , kick it in the face instead and throw it into the street ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME USED -LRB- OR AT ALL -RRB- . VALVE WILL NOT LET YOU INSTALL A USED GAME . BOYCOTT THE GREEDY B ****** S !
 I was very excited about this game , so many amazing reviews , game of the year , amazing customer reviews . Got ta say , after 10 minutes I dont like Portal , its just not for me . Moving around trying to figure out the little tests and spacial dimensions ugh . I wonder if this is the end of my love of gaming , Peggle , Rockband , and Call of Duty 4 , Peggle , all great games this year , but I just cant get into Portal .
 You would think that if valve implemented something that was able to register and verify their product online , they would make a system that would work . If it does n't work , then why not just do it the way that everyone else does it ? I mean if you are going to make users go through all the trouble of having to verify the game over the internet , then should n't the process of playing the game after validation be hassle free ? After all , we paid for it . We should be able to play it.I 'm having nightmares trying to get anything to play except for peggle . I have been able to play a little bit of portal . The problem is that the local . gcf files are corrupted and the support page tells you nothing about them . So you 're left with downloading GCFScape and verifying each . gcf file is not corrupted and deleting them if they are , and then opening up steam again to download . Except that the next download is corrupt too , so you have to start the process all over again -LRB- which takes hours -RRB- . Meanwhile , you ca n't play anything.They need to make the process of downloading and extraction more foolproof , or they need to make steam a little bit more verbose when there is a hang-up or both . Controlling the verification of authenticity over the internet is fine by me . But if you are going to go that route - be sure that process is as hassle free as possible .
 There is NO REASON this game should be sold here used . You ABSOLUTELY CAN NOT transfer ownership , and the key will not open it if it has been used on Steam . Once that number has been entered on Steam , which is the only way it will run , it becomes invalid . I was ripped off by the Used Book Hounds in Foxboro Mass. . DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THEM.Buy this through Steam for 10 bucks and it is secure and you can use credit cards or Pay Pal .
 They need to be more specific as to what operating requirements are needed on the computer in order to run this game . I have had it installed , un installed , re installed by a computer store that built my computer , they say that it should work , but it kills the PC everytime you try to play the game . No one knows why , but I can not return it , because it 's been opened . Not happy .
 I bought the game , it arrived , tried to install it , entered the key.Then an error happened saying it was a duplicate key.Dang I 'm mad ...
 I put one star for a simple reason ... i cant play any of the games right now ... the steam is `` updating team fortres '' come on !! the program is download the complete game . 2 DVD for a 40MB Steam installer ? it is a joke ... why dont they put the f *** games in the DVD ? i payed for a game , not for a downloader . Its more easy to put the shop only online and pay for the downloads , but if i buy the `` box '' I asume I will get the complete games ... and the single player of Half life ? why dont they say that we need to download too ? At leats put an advice in the box
 Finally got around to opening this . Very funny , selling me a copy with a used serial key . Basically I cant play this because the keycode to register it is used already .
 The Orange Box seems like a tremendous value . The atmosphere and play mechanics of Half Life , the frustrating yet still amusing Portal , and the bash and go Team Fortress 2 . But you get another bit of software for free . It 's called Steam , and it connects you to the Valve servers . It also needs updating right out of the box , so be prepared for thrills as you sit and wait ... and wait ... It 's default settings have it run on start up , so it sits in your system tray like a barnacle . You have to change settings to get rid of it.Thanks for the great games , Valve . Too bad I have to have steam running to play them .
 While I know some get tired of people complaining about a game they have not purchased ; I think it fair to rate this game poorly as I can not buy it since it is Steam/Valve . I bought HL2 thru the Steam Download when it came out and I can not play it as I can not find my login and password . I was supposed to get Episode 1 for free , but they took so long that I moved on to a new computer and thus lost my links . Valve 's support is not good , their servers are slow when they actually work and when you want to play you have to wait hours for the games to ` update ' . So I can not buy nor recommend this software.I wanted to buy it , but when I started reading the reviews to check for DRMs , I saw Steam/Valve has not changed for the better .
 I bought this game used on Amazon . Steam will not let me play it because it says it is registered to someone else . I tried all the recomended help settings with no answers to any of my e-mails . Thank The Lord for the nice woman who I bought it from giving me my money back plus shipping.I have bought my last game involving steam lic.Most of the reviews are done by Steam employees .
 Tried for 4 days to install , but thanks to valve 's DRM and steam , I never could get it to run . And could n't return the game to wal-mart or resell it on ebay , so my $ 40 game ended up in the wood stove . I will never buy a game from valve or steam again .
 I have tried to load the program repeatedly without avail . I guess I will have to take it to the Geek Squad and see if they can get the xxxx thing to work . I gave it one star because I have not the option to rate it any less .
 This box is advertized as a three game package.I ordered it , opened it , tried to install it ... It makes you install Steam -LRB- something that I ca n't get off of my computer and gives me an error message every time I boot up -RRB- Then , after you 're done with that it installs Team Fortress and tries to make you start a mission with other players online.If you 're like me , and you just wanted to play Portal , by yourself , at home . . you 're shit outta luck . . ! There is NO PORTAL and NO HALF LIFE on the two DVD 's that come in the box.The distributor has a closed box return policy , so you ca n't ever find out it do n't work and return it , because you have to open it to see if it works ! BS plain and simple BS!Here 's the reply from the distributor - washing their hands of the misrepresented products they sell ... Dear Valued Customer , This is the way EA design this game , if you are not happy , please write your product review to the manufacturer.We product the exact product description on the listing.Addition : The seller had posted that `` the game is formatted that way '' as a response . I think the 's reffering to the ` Steam ' part of my review ... -LRB- Kinda shows he did n't even read it all -RRB- Nothing however about the fact that TWO out of the three games WERE NOT ON THE DISCS!Addition 2 : I think this product is backed up or guaranteed by Amazon or something . Sweet ! It seems I can return it.Let you know if I get a refund ...
 I will never buy a valve product again . I bought a legit game from a legit source , and valve just cancelled my account for no reason . They have done this to what I suspect is in the thousands of customers . There is a forum site where many people are screaming mad.I played the various Orange box games for 1 week , than they basically screwed me over by deactivating a legit account.If you wan na play a game sold by a crooked company , buy this game .
 I tried to install this . It installs a `` steam '' account , and wants you to log into that in order to get any games . What ? I just bought some games that should be on the discs in the box!The paper in the box gives me an account name but not a password . And of course , now that I have insatlled all this , I 'm worrying about what it 's doing to me.But without this password , I can not get the game I wanted -LRB- Portal -RRB- intaslled.Wow , Amazon . Ca n't you screen me from this sort of attack ? Seems like a terrible ripoff .
 Just a warning to potential buyers
 The installation from disk is TERRIBLE -- it is VERY slow even on a fast computer and then INSISTS on installing gigabytes of updates over the network , taking hours . There is NO number to call.This is a piece of crap in terms of customer requirement , do n't buy it . I will be getting a refund on this .
 I am in college right now , and am often very busy . I do most of my gaming when I return to my mom 's house for winter break and summer break . My mom 's house has no internet connection . This game can not be played without an internet connection , due to draconian DRM policies.Remember
 I 've been shopping on Amazon since the late 1990s . I 've been playing video games since the early 1980s . Between the two , I 've probably bought over 100 different video games through Amazon for a dozen different game systems and computers . The Orange Box is , without a doubt , the WORST game purchase I have ever made here . Not only do I feel completely cheated , not only do I feel as if I am in fact owed several hundred dollars in frustration fees , I actually think my overall interest in video games has been damaged by this monstrous piece of marketing vomit masquerading as a playful gamer utopia . That is how ridiculous this piece of Trojan Horsed garbage is.The culprit is a smarmy little ferret of a program called `` Steam '' . I do n't know who came up with this , but I hope they get hit by a bus and buried in a fire ant den . Simply put , `` Steam '' is an Orwellian nanny program that requires you to basically convert your computer into an Internet-enabled marketing survey to even access the games you `` own '' -LRB- but that Steam controls -RRB- . Once upon a golden time , when you bought a game you could put the CD in your computer and simply play it , perhaps with an activation key . But with Steam , you have to set up an entire account larded with nefarious third party vendors just to have a fighting chance of even downloading the games that are supposedly just included in the Orange Box . Fantastic.And guess what - there is no mention of Steam anywhere in The Orange Box . NONE . The entire instruction manual for the Orange Box consists of a single two-sided set of control instructions for the actual games . I guess they just forgot to print the `` Oh , By the Way , You Need Officially Licensed Steam Spyware To Install or Play Any Of These Games , Suckers '' liner.I have never been more disgusted and embarrassed by a purchase before , and I 've been to Amsterdam . I strongly encourage everyone to give deep and abiding thought to whether they really want to pay $ 40 + a pop for the privilege of having customized spyware run roughshod over their computer . I guess this `` 5 game * -- * if you manage to navigate 15 layers of watchdog control '' game `` deal '' really is too good to be true .
 i got these game for the multiplayer aspect of the game , and team fortress is the only multiplayer that comes with it , i think they are being a little dishonest whyle selling the game ,
 This game took 3 years to long . They force you to buy games you already own under the guise that you can give them to a friend . However , they know full and well your friend will want to play what you are playing , so they will end up buying the full box and have games to give away too . Do n't waste your time with this overhyped piece of junk .
 I loved HL2 . I loved HL2 E1 . This episode , however , is both uninspired and frustrating . Too many missions which are thinly disguised timed missions . -LRB- You know , wave after wave of mobs are thrown at you and if one makes it past you through one of the areas you are guarding have failed and thus get to restart . -RRB- The plot that is being advanced is , well , about as original as as an MST3K movie . Your new weapon is a mine you must fire with the grav gun so it sticks to a mob , and then switch to another wep and hit the mine so it explodes.BTW , if the mine gets hit by enemy fire even when it is in your grasp , it crumbles . Also , if you miss and land it near the mob , the mine merely shatters.Wow ! What a great innovation!And , this is the wep you get for one of the timed missions -- the last boss mission.Sadly , also , this entire episode only takes about 5-6 hours to finish if you explore a lot . You are not getting a lot of content for your dollar.This is the Star Wars Galaxies of the HL franchise ...
 I ordered this game used from GameUniverse and they sent me a pirated copy in Russian without the code for the internet . Do not buy from this company !!
 I used to love the half-life series , but this is just a rip-off . Moreover , you have to pay for HL2 and episode one as well -- now we 're talkin ' Microsoft type rip-off . My advice
 There is no mention of how STEAM is REQUIRED to play the game on the box . None . Do n't have a fast enough connection ? Prepare to wait for the download of the game you purchased . I have never been a PC gamer . I decided to get the 360 controller and this game -LRB- due to good reviews -RRB- . But this whole experience is silly and insulting . Do n't buy this -LRB- for PC at least -RRB- . Amazon should at least mention this requirement in the product description .
 Orange Box is region locked like no other game before . If you buy this game in one country and bring your laptop to another country , there 's a good chance Steam wo n't let you play it . This is n't mentioned anywhere on the box or in the license agreement , it 's just a nasty surprise you get . So if you buy this game in the USA and take a trip to Japan with your laptop chances are you wo n't be able to play the game because Steam will detect you 're using a Japanese IP address.Right now Valve is locking this game down by country but next they may lock it down by state or even city . Sorry , you bought the game in Los Angeles , you ca n't play it in San Diego.Negative five stars for a defective product . Valve stole my money .
 I wish I had read these negative reviews prior to buying a used copy . A previously used Orange Box will not re-register . You WILL get an `` invalid key '' message . Wasted time and money on this purchase . Do n't know why Amazon allows used versions of this product for sale . They should n't , as it has hurt their reputation for me . The seller claims he did n't know it would not play so I have to blame Amazon .
 Well ... I have to admit that HL2 is a good game , but steam is an absolute piece of junk . I mean steam literally spoils the whole fun of owning the game . If you have a firewall like zone alarm , steam can really be a pain . I played HL2 and then just gave up on episode 1 onwards . My computer has a quad core processor with a 8800 GTS card but Episode 1 crashes so frequently that I have just given up playing the game.I have been gaming for quite a while and this is one of the worst game I have come across -LRB- frequent crashing + steam -RRB- . What a waste of money.About steam
 I know this is going to be the only negative review and you know what ? I love this game . I bought it for my Windows 98 computer and then when I switched to Windows XP I bought it again . You have to sign onto Valve/Steam every time you want to play the game , which is a huge pain , and when my XP computer crashed and died I tried to reload the game on the replacement XP machine . But the password that I knew was correct did n't work . So after spending on Half Life games , ca n't play . Does Steam have customer service ? NO ! Offer any help ? NO ! I 'll never buy another Valve game again . If none of this would bother you , ignore it and good luck to you . I just do n't think this is the way to do business .
 I wish I had read the bad reviews before waisting my money.Valve is so threatened by hackers stealing their code that they are punishing all the rest of us.Their `` Orwellian '' scheme is to get you to buy the game and then make you agree to a lisence that says you do n't own it , even though you paid for it.I have never had a game like this , where I could n't access the game directly from the disc . It 's outrageous that Valve could do this.Do not buy this game . You have to download the game from the internet.It smacks of spyware .
 The games themselves are ok . But the fact that everything is attached to Steam is awful . The worst piece of software I have ever seen . Support does not exist . No phone support at all , email requests been unanswered for over a week and now to top it all the account has been deactivated for no apparent reason . I am doing a chargeback and not buying anything from Valve ever again .
 Steam ! Got ta hate it . I have a satellite connection with Hughes . I have 299MB of high-speed bandwidth before the fair access policy kicks in and slows me down to dial-up speed like a virtual bungee cord . You get two DVDs with a pile of data -LRB- like 9GB ? -RRB- on them but Steam just has to download everything off the web . Why even sell a physical box if you are going to force us to download it all anyway ? I am pretty sure the games rock but I may never actually know because I have to download so much.Now Hughes has a time they allow us to update without it costing against our bandwidth and if you could set steam to update at that time , it would work . I would n't be mad but no , there is no way to control WHEN it updates , only how fast . THE CAKE IS A LIE . If it were not for steam , this package of games would be so perfect . God hates Steam and so do I. Only the truly fortunate uber 1337 with true cable connections can ever just ignore the problem valve shoves into peoples laps by selling them virtual product in a physical package . May gnats fly up the nose of all Valve staff and half suffer dice sized kidney stones for this annoyance . * gestures obscenely and storms off * EDIT ## 10/23/10OK , 2 years later and I have cable . While I still despise intrusive DRM schemes , Steam actually gives something in return .1 - Patching - I have over 60 games in Steam now and depending on which games I have loaded on my hard drive , patching is automatic . It 's nice to not have to search for a patch , download it from some site that may or may not want an email address to spam you forever and ever . Just automatic updating . Good stuff.2-No disk needed to play . Click a shortcut and play a game . No searching for disks to slap in your ROM to play a game . Almost makes it worthwhile by itself IMHO .3 - Steam friends and community service is awesome . All your friends see where you are playing online and join you or invite you to play with them . A simple app that works great .4 - Server listing and game matching . Pretty neat and simple server listing where you can save or black list servers to your list .5 - Steam store is a great place for good deals on games plus an endless list of free demos to choose from.So while I still do n't like that Steam owns your game and gives you permission to play -LRB- read the EULA srsly -RRB- and if they ever go out of business or get sold , the terms of service can be changed any way they see fit . You are not `` buying '' games . You are paying for the right to play the games for an undetermined amount of time . They reserve the right to stop access to those games at any time and you agree to it all if you install steam . If you can get past that , they are great.Also , bandwidth . CABLE WEB ACCESS IS A MUST . You will not be happy with anything less than 3M DSL . Every game you buy will be completely downloaded from the web and patched before you can even play it . If you have a disk for the game , chances are it will only have steam on it . Offline mode is only good for a few days at a time . Steam is miles ahead of the EA Games online store but it has a huge bandwidth demand with new games .
 Game itself - 5 stars . There 's probably no other game good as Half Life 2 . This review is for the Orange Box however , not the game.THIS IS AN OVERPRICED PIECE OF ORANGE JUNK !!!!! Do NOT buy it!Reason
 I bought this because of all the great reveiws and have never been able to play it . I get a screen that tells me its loading and then nothing .
 According to Valve , their games are region locked so make sure you purchase from the same area that you will play in , otherwise your games will be disabled . A copy of the orange box bought in one country will not work in another country since all valve games are verified through steam.My biggest complaint is that no information regarding the region lock is listed on the box itself or on Steam 's website . After purchasing a legitimate copy of the orange box while i was in asia , my games disappeared a few days after i had installed and played when i got back to the U.S. Theres no official statement from Valve as of yet and no word from their customer service .
 I recently had the experience of buying the Orange Box for PC * and * the original Half-Life 2
 I was in Thailand for a business trip when I saw the Orange Box sitting in a name brand store at a great price . I purchased the item as I was planning on purchasing it anyway . It is a legitimate product , not a bootleg . This is name brand store , not a back street vendor.When I get home to the states I install the game with no problems . Over the course of a week I played Portal which is a good but short game . I then go on to episode 2 and play until I have 1 mission left to beat . I log off and then log back on a few hours later . To my surprise I can not play any of the games . I get a message that the games are not available in my territory.I head over to the Steam website but there is nothing about the issue . I look up a phone number for tech support but there is n't one . You have to put in a ticket which can take a minimum of 3-5 business days.So here I am not able to play any of my games , I ca n't get any help at all from Steam . Steam is the most intrusive DRM program I have seen . If it has problems you ca n't play your game even though you have the disc in hand . And the companies wonder why people pirate things . Although I do n't condone then I can understand some of their reasoning.I 've got my support ticket in and I doubt I will hear anytime soon . I hope those of you who purchase this never have any problems with Steam . You will be left with an unusable product and little to no support .
 These games have a DRM system that does not allow you to sell your used game . Do not purchase a used game because you will not be able to activate it . Unfortunately software sellers are not required to post on the outside of their box that the product is locked by a DRM system . If they did I would never buy it . There is one possible workaround if you want to sell your game or purchase a used game . When you first install the game create a unique user ID in the Steam DRM control system . Activate the game play it and when you are ready to sell it give the UserID to the buyer as well . If you want to purchase a used game make sure you get the Steam user ID that goes with it .
 Now , you all remember Spyro the Dragon . That one was fun . Then came the sequel and it was even better . Then the third and it was the best !!! Then , Insomniac Games created Ratchet & Clank . The first one was excellent , the second one was a bit toned down but still , great . Now , the third one is unquestionably , the worst one.The graphics are nice , flawed , but nice . The characters were well done and the locations too . The weapons were cool and also the gadgets , vendors and just everythng . But it was flawed.The sound is unbeleavable . James Arnold Taylor -LRB- JAT :P -RRB- is Ratchet and he does great as the role of the hero . David Kaye is Clank like in the other two but JAT was only in going commando then this :P . Now all of the voices were fantastic and so was the SFX and music.The gameplay is flawed . The second one had armour that you were not ordered to buy and you could pass on with the game without byuing it . Now you HAVE to buy it in order to survive . Have an lower armour upgrade and the enemies will flatted you off in 2 seconds . Have the upgrade and the enemies will be dead easy . And that is just one of the problems.Let me tell you something
 The disk is very clean and has no scratches but there appears to be some sunlight damage or laser damage to the disc so it wont even start up . I am very disappointed with this company for not trying the game before sending it out . On a higher note i had a second game come from this company that is clean and scratch-less but unlike ratchet and clank plays like its brand new .
 Hey folks!Let me start off by saying that Ratchet and Clank 3 is definitely one of my favorite games to ps2 and absolutely the best of the Ratchet and Clank games.But i was n't informed that the product was encoded ** -LRB- unsc / region code 1 -RRB- ** , so that i could n't play it on my ps2The productinformation is somewhat misleading and incomplete.So have that in your mind when you buy the game and if it ai n't a problem for you , then get moving ! ; -RRB-
 I love the Ratchet and Clank series . I was waiting for the 3rd game to come out . It did . This game stinks ! The weapons are totally stupid , the upgrades are dumb for them , the levels even stink ! The only good part is that you sit back and get to listen to the good story parts more often . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 this is a weird a game aya reallymomy dislike it , so know any glod ? jokes /
 Our whole family highly dislikes this game . We purchased it because of great reviews on Amazon , yet this game does n't have enough save points and after 30 minutes we got tired of replaying the same paths over and over again , each time with less ammo .
 this game is rubish all they did was copy daxter of jak and daxter/jak so i woudnt ever play a game that has ben copyed by a difrent game so if you like this game then you would prefer jak and daxter/jak the real creaters of daxter/ratchet so you shoudnt buy this you should buy jak and daxter/jak
 This game is soooooo boring!You go around hitting people with a tool.It is no fun whatsoever.there is no storyline.It is about as much fun as drinking liquid poop .
 Do not buy this game . The game servers are closed and you can no longer play it . No single player , Amazon should remove this item .
 THE GAME ITSELF IS OKBUT THE CD WENT BAD QUICKLYTHINK IT WAS WARPED
 this would be a very fun game except that it keeps locking up and you have to shut the whole thing down and restart .
 There is one rule in the tournament mode which makes as much sense as saying people never die when you know in fact that is totally wrong , absurd , and psychotic . In the stage trial , they have a rule which says everytime you land in the sand trap , that costs you a 2 stroke penalty no matter whether it 's a par 3 , 4 , or 5 . If that rule applies , then the par should be an 8 , 11 , or 72 for just 1 hole , not all 18 of them.I was experimenting with that rule AND WITH VARIOUS CLUBS such as standard , turbo spin , and the 1000 ft hammer club and I was also experimenting with the different players such as Brad , Mel , Sam , and ALLAN , and no matter which person I tried , the ball either went out of bounds anyway , or it found the sand trap . Is the object of golf to get triple bogeys and encourage others to waste their money on such lunacy ? The people who wrote this pedestrian and antique program sure think so or they would n't be laughing all the way to the bank either . Would they enjoy standing in the unemployment line as the bill collectors ask for the money they advanced?It seems there is no way around this nauseating rule of sand traps unless you choose to vomit and puke on George Bush 's desk at the White House and let 's see the people at Klap Hanz even get past the security guards ! send me your photos if you get that far , ok because a deal is a deal here ! That sand trap rule of +2 makes as much sense as using a putter off the tee and using a driver on the green.I see no difference in the logic or in the analogy between their nerve racking terms and mine because no game is fun to play because of their been there , done that b.s. . There was even a case where I tried to avoid the sand traps only to find that some moron left the golf cart right smack in the fairway which deflected the ball out of bounds . Why not try indecent exposure during a bank robbery and see if the judge will bestow any mercy on your criminal butt ! This game is a joke and I 'm not laughing any more than what a cook does when peeling onions in front of a skunk .
 First off the diagrams in the instructions do n't match the product . And when you do an internet search to try to find more clearly written instructions , you see nearly everyone who 's bought this piece of crap has had the same experience.Because this is a one size fits all `` solution '' you 'll have wires connected to more wires connected to an adapter that 's connected to your PS3 . The lights on the adapter will blink , and when you consult the poorly written instructions to figure out if the stick is synced for player 1 , you 'll remain in the dark ; fear not , however , because the lights on the adapter , will continue blinking ! You 'll waste even more time , because you 'll be determined to get the thing connected and synced . And in the end , you will fail.The best thing I can say about this thing is at least it looks well made . I have been playing video games for 30 years and I 've worked with computer hardware and software for almost as long , and rarely have I found a more poorly conceived and executed POS.If you want a great stick for the PS3 and your computer , I would suggest looking elsewhere . I 'm considering the Hori Pro arcade stick should I ever hear back from X-Arcade 's customer service reps with my RMA number and my refund.Do yourself a favor , and do n't buy this.It 's MADE IN CHINA . Yes , there is a money back guarantee but you will pick up all the shipping costs to return the thing . And the connection from the stick to the PS3 could not be more ill conceived - unless you like a bowl of spaghetti extending from the controller to the console.If you 're considering buying , I would suggest doing some research on any problems with this controller and your brand of console . If you want to use it for a PS3 , stay away . -------------- UPDATE ----------------------------------- After admitting that there is `` something clearly wrong '' with the adapter that was shipped with the arcade stick , X-arcade still required that I pay the shipping to return the stick and adapter . It cost me roughly $ 20 . So when you add it up , I 've paid $ 30 -LRB- total shipping charges both ways -RRB- and possible a 15 % restocking fee for a product that did not work out of the box , and a product I returned under their `` money back guarantee . '' You might weigh this before you buy this product .
 As much as I wanted to really like this game , I just ca n't . Although we own NHL Hitz and NHL 2004 , the primary reason we bought this game is because it allows you to create a player and , with the Eye Toy camera for PlayStation 2 , put your very own face on it . That 's the idea , anyway . In reality the player looked no more like my son or me than did any of the actual HNL players built into the game . So , in the end it is a feature with no actual benefit . Maybe that 's because of poor product design or maybe it 's the result of the limitations of the camera , but either way the game is not worth buying because the hockey action is so far behind the competing games . The graphics pale in comparison to either of the other games I mentioned , and the gameplay itself just is n't as fun or as realistic . Gretzky 2005 sounds great , but unfortunately is n't .
 For the other two reviews prior to mine ... . There was NO 2004 !! This used to be NHL Faceoff put out by 989 sports ... they didnt make an edition last year , because says were horrible in previous years . If you want a high priced game thats not worth the money ... buy this one . If you want to get your money 's worth stick with EA or ESPN NHL . But good luck 989 , but it has been how many years since Wayne took the ice ? Look for OJ Simpson football next fall ...
 The batteries may hold a charge for 20 hours , but the charge station does not make sure it stays this way . Placing the battery pack in the charger the batteries do charge up in 4 hours and then stops charging as promised . However , it does not detect that the batteries have discharged and will therefore not attempt to recharge the batteries . This leaves you with 2 uncharged batteries when you want to play.This might not be a problem for avid -LRB- i.e. daily -RRB- gamers who will play right after it is charged and only for as long as the battery lasts . But anyone who might want to charge the battery overnight for use the next day may find the battery only 25-50 % charged as the batteries seem to discharge rather quickly once the charger shuts off.If you 're on the fence about buying this , you should probably stick with official Microsoft devices . It may not come with 2 batteries as this one does -LRB- and to the more aesthetic side , does not come in black for those of us with an Elite system -RRB- but it at least works as expected and the batteries can hold a charge .
 I bought this package the Spy Kids The Underground Affair and I did not receive the book which you said comes together . I can not get into any of the activities so I am not pleased with this it is impossible to play or use without the proper items for example the book.Thank YouRyan
 This is a comfortable and cool looking headset , but what they do not tell you is that after spending $ 44 , this will not work in your xbox . You still need to buy a xbox live communicator -LRB- sold separately -RRB- in order for this to actually work . I bought this for my son for Chanukah and it was a big disappointment . I have been to several local stores looking for this communicator and have been unable to find it . I have also not been able to find it on the Amazon website .
 this doesnt come with the communicator part that goes in the controller , this is just the headset ... and it sucks ... you 'd be better off buying one of the cheap ones , with the headset that wraps around your head , this one always falls out of my ear ... in my opinion , a waste of 25 bucks...-Chris -
 It 's got it 's good and bad 's defintly jacked up in price though . It is like they say a very nice and light headset , but i had major issues keeping it in my ear , it does come with 4 different kinds of attachments to fit your ear , but i still could n't find the right one to fit right perfectly in my ear and actually stay without having to adjust it every few minutes . Overall not very happy with the product , and i 'm probably going to go just purchase another headset that is actually not over priced
 The question on everyone 's mind is , `` Is it worth the money ? '' and the simple and only answer is no . Even if price was not a factor , I would never buy this again for even 5 dollars.Does it sound good ? Yes , it sounds okay , but not even as good as the Microsoft Xbox live headset that they give you . Honestly , can you expect good sound from a tiny micro-tweeter -LRB- literally about 3 by 3 millimeters wide -RRB- compared to a 1 inch speaker ? Tinny is the best descriptive word to describe playing halo 2 on it.Does it fit ? For me , no . They give you 4 included earpieces that are supposed to fit . But basically , there 's a set of 2 foam and 2 rubber earpieces that are large and small . I have an average size head , and very average ears . I use the typical hands-free set used in cell phones without any problem . The Plantronics device did n't fit well . It sort of hurt my ear canal . The larger one did n't even stay in my ear canal well , while the smaller one went way too deep . Since the whole device is balanced by the earpiece alone , it puts some strain on your ear canal itself . Imagine a putting a cork in your ear . I think that the smaller sized ear pieces are meant for kids , and the larger size earpieces are meant for people with BIG ASS EARS . For the rest of us , it wo n't feel unnoticed.If you want something smaller that fits in your ear , try a regular hands-free set that comes with any cell phone . You 'll notice that the 2.5 mm jack is the exact same as the one on the Xbox live module . Good luck .
 First of all the picture is incorrect . For some reason wherever this headset is sold it has the same picture of the WRONG headset . You can find the picture of the actual GameCom X10 buy going to the amazon search engine and putting in `` Xbox 360 Over Ear Headset '' . It 's not bad at first however there are two main problems . One is the part that sits on your head is square . I do n't know why they thought it would be a good idea to go with square instead of round like the shape of the human head . Two is that it wo n't last more than 6 months after you purchase it . Just save up a bit more money and buy the official Xbox 360 headset instead .
 For use with an x-box 9not 360 -RRB- you need a convertor box which is not available anywhere . I had to send it back so I lost on postage and a 10 % re-stocking fee . I very dissapointed they even sell this with this knowledge .
 First I waited over a month to get this item and when it did finally come in it was n't even the item I ordered ! My son tired of waiting for the headset to come in decided to keep this one regardless of the difference . I have not been able to track down a human to correct this problem so I 'll not waste anymore of my time trying to correct this but will not venture into this kind of purchase without the customer service in place we all deserve ... Shame on you Amazon .
 I 'm not so sure if I would trust this game . I have called ASPYR MEDIA INC -LRB- 512-708-8100 -RRB- . They told me my new mac will not support this game & here ; is nothing they can do for me . Do n't trust the patch either . Hit them up and check before you waste your money.Not to rag on the game , because its pretty much my favorite .
 10 Hammers . What a let down , After Full Spec . Warrior , I was wanting more squad based combat . What I got was somthing that was more arcade and less warrior . Flanking and manuvering is still there but enemy spawning out of doors , what they got , 100 bedrooms in there ? If you like arcade then this is the game for you . I reloaded Full Spectrum and put 10 Hammers back in the tool box ...
 Although while playable it is a very enjoyable game , I would recommend that people looking to play this game through the entire campaign look elsewhere . I have attempted to get customer support from the manufacturer multiple times , and have not recieved it . Although the game play is great , and the addition of new types of units assist you , as well as a good enemy AI , if you ca n't continue with the game without it being buggy , what 's the point .
 I watched Lord of War starring Nicholas Cage last night . It sucked.I wo n't give away all the details in case you want to watch it for yourself . The acting is somewhat flat , but it 's tolerable . What 's truly sucky about the movie is the moral message - it 's muddled . I 'm not sure what the main message is . Perhaps the movie 's creator was trying to say something meaningful about warfare , but I could n't figure out what it was . Perhaps he wanted us all to believe that arms dealers are the source of all evil . Perhaps he wanted to ram home the message that the permanent members of the United Nations security council are also the world 's largest arms dealers.The irony of making a movie portraying Western nations as the devils behind every third world war is that the most horrible scene in the movie is a scene in which a mother and son are hacked to death by a gang of thugs armed with machetes and the only man with a conscience about it is a Westerner . The whole movie is based on a fictional arms dealer played by Cage and a very loose intrepretation of a very real and very evil character named Charles Taylor , who at one time in the fairly recent past ruled Liberia.Lord of War sucks because it pushes the idea that the major militaries of the world are behind all the evil in the world when the truth is that evil exists mostly independent of those military forces . Some men , if given a rock , will use it to bash in the heads of anyone they can.In particular , the scene in which Nicholas Cage and his brother are meeting with a Sierra Leone warlord on a rise above a refugee camp was unrealistic . The scene shows a tent camp filled with unarmed Africans being circled by a single truck filled with machete wielding thugs . While Cage negotiates over a payment of `` blood diamonds '' for his two trucks filled with guns , RPGs and grenades , his brother watches a child try to escape the camp , followed by the mother . Both of them are hacked to death with machetes while curled up in a fetal position.The scene tugs at the emotional strings of anyone watching , but the premise of the scene is as flawed as the premise of the movie . Men with machetes and murderous intent do n't need black market guns to kill a camp full of refugees . In real life , they 'll use the machetes if that 's all they have . In real life , Nicholas Cage would never have been able to negotiate his diamonds for guns deal above a refugee camp full of innocents waiting to be slaughtered . They would have been slaughtered prior to his arrival with whatever was available.Lord of War is based on the same flawed thinking that motivates anti-gun crusaders in the U.S. to try and outlaw personal weapons ownership . Blaming guns for what lives in the hearts and minds of men is silly , and does n't solve any long-term problems of men killing other men . You do n't build responsible , healthy societies by dumbing down the population and more than you do by killing anyone who disagrees with you.Lord of War shows us an inaccurate picture of war as it tries to blame all of Africa 's problems on the West . There are no scenes showing British peacekeepers as they end the civil war in Sierra Leone . There are no scenes showing any of the centuries long history of tribal warfare that has gone on in the region . None of Liberia 's history is put into context . All we are presented with is an amoral arms dealer and the impression that the U.S. government is behind all the violence in Africa because of shadowy arms deals and greedy profiteers . Taking pieces of the truth and rearranging them to fit your worldview is a dangerous business with far reaching consequences.You might want to watch Lord of War , but I would highly recommend researching the history of the larger events portrayed in the movie prior to doing so . In particular , I would recommend reading the full history of Liberia and Sierra Leone . The U.S. government has certainly been involved in the area for some time , but the real story is much more complex and layered than what we 're shown in the movie.You can get some links and homework assignments related to this movie here , if you are interested in who is really to blame for some of the evil acts that have plagued Sierra Leone and Liberia for the last few decades - http://willtoexist.com/2006/03/lord-of-war-movie-review
 The first few scenes from this film were very interesting and will make you want to keep watching , but you will be quickly dissapointed with a predictable and unoriginal story that is full of plot holes . Mediocre at best . Much better films in the same vein are `` Goodfellas '' and `` Blow '' with Johnny Depp . Nicolas Cage was much better in `` Matchstick Men '' .
 The one thing I noticed when I was going to review this movie was making the decision about giving it a 2 or a 3 stars . I do n't think it is good enough to be a 3 by some of the other movies I have rated but I do n't think it is bad enough to be a 2 . So 21/2 I guess . I saw the previews of this movie and thought I would check it out . I looked like an interesting premise based on a very interesting subject . I thought that Nicholas Cage did an excellent job as the former Russian immigrant who turned small time arms dealer and then into an major international arms dealer . Again the subject is something that is very intriguing and very interesting but alas the movie just drags . I remember when watching it thinking , `` this is going to be good . '' Then , `` this is pretty good '' and then as it went on and on I was thinking , `` man , ok , I wish this thing would wrap up and end . '' So somewhere in there it lost me . Jared Leto was accutally pretty good as Cages brother and Cage has a pretty hot wife . The guy that plays the African dictator is great and does a really good job . The movie also shows a lot about the politics and cultures of the African nations that are torn and fed by violence and arms . Also I almost forgot that Ethan Hawke is very good as the ATF guy that is pursuing Cage . But somewhere in all this the movie loses something and is over long and just not that good .
 MOVIE
 In this movie it is a given that guns are bad , gun dealers are worse , and war is the baddest thing imaginable . Hitler , Stalin , Pol Pot , Mao and every other dictator would agree - all of them prevent or prevented citizens from owning weapons . If you think they want this for the safety of humanity , there may be a spot saved for you in a `` Peoples reeducation farm '' somewhere . Nobody gets to be free or stays free long if they are not willing to fight , and the fighting is much more painful if you do not have weapons . This country was not given to us as a birthday present by the British . Without guns the struggle would have been even more painful . Up guns and gunrunners . Screw Hollywood .
 Great Acting by all who were involved -------- subject matter - violent!Language was offensive ! Do these guys -LSB- and females -RSB- ever grow up and become more literate?Sad to realize that this goes on in this world . Probably a great terrorist supplier.Based on actual facts ? More than likely true.The content is something we would like to deny - the ending , probably happens all the time.Hate the thought that some of our government officials are that corrupt.I got the message but ca n't say that I enjoyed the movie - will not keep , what a waste .
 Well what can I say about this movie , that does not include curse words . First off Jared Leto , horrable , he was in requime for a dream so you figure he knows how to act like hes high . But he just spits cliched lines and falls into chrismas trees.Cage was even worse because no one kills him , which leads to an even longer set of monologs . If you can put up with Cage trying to be Ben Stien for what feels like a lifetime I suggest you by thi movie.P.S . near the end cage blabs more facts about gunsales that you ever thought existed .
 I thought that `` The Hotel New Hampshire '' would go down as the ALL TIME worst ever movie . This one gives it a run for it 's wasted money .
 I guess this is supposed to be some inditement of the International Arms Market & Trade , when it can direct it 's plot as it wanders around in it 's own little world . Do n't find fault with my opinion personally , I have no more agreement with the atrocities that occur on our dear Planet Earth than any other rational being , but this wandering fairy tale is a waste of time . From all the P-R Hype issued for this thing , I thought it was a comedy along the lines of `` Deal of the Century '' , but , instead , it plays out as some kind of war story written by some Vestal Virgin from Vassar who , in her sheltered , RichBitch life , has never personally witnessed real violence , nor even seen , much less handled a real weapon ! The writers evidently got all their technical information and most of their historical background from R. Lee Ermy on History Channel 's `` Mail Call '' or from Soldier of Fortune Magazine!A die-hard Cage fan might want to see this not to miss something he appeared in , but , overall , `` National Treasure '' was a FAR GREATER entertainment value , as well as just as close to reality!Oh , by the way , INTERPOL is a STRICTLY intelligence-gathering entity , and does not have ANY ENFORCEMENT POWERS WHATSOEVER , much less fielding the SWAT Teams that appear in this fairy tale . If one does not believe me , go to their own website www.INTERPOL.com and read it for yourself.Also , I just ca n't see ANYONE doing multi-million dollar weapons deals without at least half-a-dozen hardline armed & armored bodyguards to watch the cash & trash!If you want to see a REAL War Story , go see `` Great Raid '' , a far greater example of reality . Otherwise , save your money , 'cause `` Lord of War '' ai n't even worth the price of a matinee ticket . I almost asked for my money back!The ONLY reason I even gave this TWO Stars is the `` surprise '' ending , which , with the ending text , contains MOST of the truth and entertainment of this two hour + visit to FantasyLand !
 VERY DULL MOVIE ! UNINTERESTING CHARACTERS IN A PLOTLESS MUCK OF INCIPIDPOLITICAL PROPAGANDISTIC DRIVEL . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 Not a bad movie , but watch `` Deal of the Century '' , a much better movie about and funnier .
 I ordered this as a gift for my husband . He opened it and played it and nothing , its almost as if the disc is blank ! I tried playing it in all of our blu ray players but again nothing ! I am very disappointed with this product and it is too late to return so I am not only out the money that I spent on the movie but I am unable to view this movie !
 I got this 3 times in the mail , every time in skipped an froze in the same exact spots . they said it was a manufacturing era and refunded my money , but still have not got to watch it all the way thru
 Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- finds himself face to face with his worst enemy , tied to a chair . A Liberian dictator gleefully hands Yuri a gun and tells him to fire away , but Yuri is terrified . The dictator takes Yuri 's hands as if he were helping a child and helps him fire , blowing the other man 's brains out . Yuri may have sold millions of weapons to people all over the world , but he has never fired a single shot.This was Lord of War 's best scene , a glaring standout in a film soaked with mediocre , gloomy cynicism . Writer/Director Andrew Niccol desperately wants to say something about the arms trade that gives people in third-world countries the means to butcher each other , but his obvious lack of answers infects the entire screenplay . By the end , Niccol 's desperation is palatable as the final ten minutes spirals into an entirely different message than the 110 that preceded it.Growing up a Ukrainian immigrant in New York , Yuri works at his father 's restaurant . After witnessing a gang shooting , he realizes that he should sell something that everyone needs other than food . He works his way from selling Uzi 's to thugs to bringing shiploads of AK-47 's to dictators . Though a relentless Interpool agent -LRB- Ethan Hawke , playing self as a nave doofus -RRB- hounds him at times , Yuri finds the arms trade to be eerily lucrative.An atheist-existentialist , Yuri never so much as shrugs at the suggestion that his actions are wrong . He hurls heavy handed lines like `` You know who 's going to inherit the world ? Arms dealers . Because everyone else is too busy killing each other , '' every thirty seconds or so , in case we forget that he possesses a cynical world-view . He traipses around the world , narrating in monotone about how much profitable arms sales are , people killing each other , not caring , etc.Nearly every line and character exists solely for the purpose of illustrating a message Niccol is n't even certain of . Never does the film make a serious attempt at balancing the gloom and doom . Yuri 's trophy wife lives the high life off his blood money , then dubiously insists he quit . Yuri brings coke-head brother -LRB- Jared Leto -RRB- along for no reason other than that the screenplay needs a martyr . And in case we did n't think Yuri was bad enough , the vicious Liberian murders his underlings on a whim . There have been Bond films with more layered characters , and I 've seen a few with Roger Moore.Lord of War gets a few shots into the 10-ring with some black humor and appropriately grim photography , but results in a total misfire . Someone should send Andrew Niccol a memo explaining that relentless cynicism unopposed results in mere whining ; Lord of War whines so loud it could be heard over a volley of the machine guns Yuri uses to pay for his limo .
 It felt very slow and more like an interesting documentary . It started off ok and ended decent , but the entire middle was not what was expected ; it was narrated every step of the way .
 Nick Cage 's 2006 drama `` Lord of War '' collapses into oblivion the notion that contemporary Hollywood makes interesting movies . Although Cage gives this plot-less dud an admirable -LRB- sometimes funny-sometimes serious -RRB- performance . This anti-gun movie trips over itself to become anti-movie movie.In almost everyway this movie misses the mark trying to make a point . There are so many poignant opportunities but , alas , all are ignored . The producers simply did n't get an idea . Also , there is hardly anything original with `` Lord of War '' -LRB- same old guns are bad clich&eacute;s , the usual Africa is only a place of war and AIDs , and the typical American laws and authorities must be ignored for good to prevail , blah , blah , blah ... -RRB- . Is Cage really this anti-American ? Everyone knows arms dealing is bad , so why not address issues that will help to end it ? This movie does n't say anything except that the evil United States is the world 's largest arms merchant . One is left to wonder , because a plot does n't ensue to bring home any point , `` so what ? `` It seems that the American motion picture industry has lost it way . Too bad , there are a huge variety of original opportunities for screenplays . People want to go to the movies . But , with odd flicks like this one emerging , there 's no theater-going incentive.Don ' t bother with `` Lord of War '' ... Cage is much better in his other recent work -LRB- National Treasure 1 & 2 , etc -RRB- . Someone tell me , when will Hollywood make good movies again ?
 Many reviewers have commented thus far how Cage excellently portrays a sociopathic international arms dealer . This is true
 Success is both a blessing and a curse ; Andrew Niccol is one of the most imaginative screenwriters working today . He has brilliant work like `` The Truman Show '' and `` Gatacca '' to his credit ; even `` Simone '' which failed in its execution was at least a novel idea . So , when near-complete failure happens on all levels in a project by such a visionary we are shocked and rather unforgiving . While `` Lord of War has moments of inventiveness , the bulk of it could have been written or shot by any number of people.Critics in the press assert that the principal problem with `` Lord of War '' is that Yuri Orlav remains the same from beginning to end . I contend that there are many films in which the bad guy stays bad and we still want to see him succeed because he is cunning and just so darn good at what he does . Orlav is good at what he does , and at his core he 's just someone who is more than willing to take advantage of the cynical , corrupt , and apathetic world we live in . In short , Yuri Orlav is the least of the film 's problems . `` Lord of War '' tries to be a black comedy and/or a satire . The problem is that Niccol is incapable of satire . He does n't trust his audiences enough to let the absurd horrors in the film speak for themselves . Instead , we are treated to quips so dull and at times even corny that I expected `` Lord of War '' to be the first film set to a laugh track.The film hammers its already obvious points home by such astoundingly unsubtle means . For example , the scene in which each of the casings being expelled in slow motion from a machine-gun are made to sound like the `` cha-ching '' of a cash register . Sheesh ! `` Lord of War '' fails as a film because not only is its main character unsympathetic and oftentimes deadpan and uninteresting , but also because it does n't explore its heady themes in any real depth , opting instead for incredibly inept satire . If you want to a film about a bad guy with a complete character arc you ca n't go wrong with `` Blow '' . If you want to see a serious and well-done film about the plight of the third-world `` The Constant Gardener '' is more than likely in the very same multiplex , and the choice is an easy one .
 When I saw the trailer I thought I would enjoy this movie , especially being a big fan of Mr.Cage . I thought my wife would not like it at all . Well I was wrong on both counts . My wife liked it , I did n't really care for it . Having said that I probably would have given it 3 stars had it not been preachy , even as it was subtle with it 's sermon . I was not expecting a social commentary film on the evil that gun merchants do . I actually expected somewhat of an action movie . I think most people realize what arms dealers do for a living and the often horrifying consequences of that . I really do n't need a 2 hour movie to educate me on that fact . The characters I thought were pretty weak as well . Picture Woody Allen as an international arms dealer doing business with ruthless war lords that would cut your heart out in a second . That 's obviously an exaggeration , I mean it is Nicholas Cage , but you get the idea . I 'll leave it at that because I do n't want to give anything away . If your looking for something along the line of The Rock , this is n't it . If you want to see a movie about how disgusting and evil arms dealers are -LRB- their not really bad guys they just do really bad things -RRB- , and how terrible the US Government is for associating with them then you 'll really like this movie .
 Easily one of the worst movies ever . Subtle as a brick . If only weapons did not exist , it would be peace and love and sugar plum fairies all around , Ethan Hawke implies . Thankfully , this type of partisan message movie -LRB- Bush 's fault ! -RRB- has failed miserably the last few years . If you 're seeking a leftie tirade , go for it . Otherwise , you 'll hate yourself for spending a penny on this dog .
 I returned it because it would not play no matter how many times I cleaned it .
 Here I am thinking that I am going to settle down with another great action packed thriller ... NOT !! This movie was not something that I would be interested in seeing again . I found the plot to be pretty good , but the rest of the movie as it played out was BORING !!! Cage 's narration throughout the flick was annoying too !! I was just waiting for this movie to get better , but it never did . You may find yourself just sitting there bored to tears with this one , as I did !!
 Hate to break it to you all , but the film is not even close to the true story . The real man this film is based on was an ITALIAN from ITALY . His story had absolutely nothing to do with the United States . Oh , and our troops did not leave piles of working M-16 Rifles abandoned in Grenada or anywhere else for that matter . Absolutely unreal how Hollywood will do anything to turn the facts into fiction in order to trance the masses . Michael Moore would have been proud , but at least Moore does try to apply some balance and facts . This thing was nothing more than a fictional story . It also left out the fact that the three countries who are thick in arms deal ings seem to not have `` USA '' applied on them anywhere . I could go on and on about it , but hey , at least now you know so you are not like so many who are saying `` yeah , this is TRUTH !! '' So be sure to do your research , and do n't believe everything you hear even though you really , really want to .
 This is a very slow movie and it seems more like a documental about war , geopolitics and weapons trade . There is almost no dialogues .
 TOO BAD the movie Lord of War is not available on DVD!Amazon lists 4 DVDs of this movie , but NONE of them is a DVD of this movie.There are only 2 different FULL SCREEN versions -- 1 is 1.33:1 for older TVs and 1 is 1.78:1 for newer TVs -- BUT there is NOT 1 that is 2.35:1 which is the aspect ratio in which this movie was shot!TOO BAD this actual , whole movie is not available on DVD -- only 2 PAN & SCAN versions!BOYCOTT this bastardization of this movie !
 Extremely poor transfer . . quality is basically DVD level , but with added jerkiness from the transfer process . Do not purchase this version , get the DVD instead , or wait for a real transfer .
 Nothing more than a retelling of the Merry Melodies classic , `` The High and the Flighty . '' In the 1956 toon , Daffy Duck sells torture devices to both Barnyard Dog and Foghorn Leghorn who have drawn the lines as if battling over territory -- or perhaps just intentionally aggravating one another -- in the manner of the `` Lord of War '' - friendly Israelis and Palestinians -LRB- even so direct as Foghorn uttering the line , `` This , I say , this calls for massive retaliation , '' after getting hit in the head with a watermelon -RRB- . Except that in the cartoon , the two warring parties eventually unite against the `` Lord of War . '' Cartoon director Robert McKimson presents a much more optimistic view on humanity . Nicolas Cage should be ashamed that he signed on for such an unoriginal and weak-spirited project . Er , never mind , he 's sort of left a guinea-pig turd trail of stinkers
 Cage on par with his usual wooden acting self , with a host of grimaces of disgust and dismay , but i ll hand it to him his growing more and more hair as he ages.The plot is so formulaic and simplistic also . I got sick and tired of having my emotions blackmailed by the symbolism of children in this movie , first a couple of kids are getting shot by a firing squad in pakistan , then there 's nick 's own nauseating toddler being `` shot '' -LRB- he , he -RRB- up close to emphasize the child 's wild eyed innocence and the dad 's guilt and complicity -LRB- how deep is that ? -RRB- then a few kids thrown here and there amongst the mayhem and debris in the countries nick `` visits '' , and i almost puked in the scene where the drug dealers plane force lands just a few centimeters away from a two year old . Please , no MORE ! And , come on , i know this is aimed at maistream audiences in just about every corner of the world , hence the lowest common denominator stategy , but even your average movie goer deserves better than that.Then there 's the action , nothing much happens , and i mean that , the movie just does n't change pace , nick 's chased here and there by an interpol agent -LRB- and that does n't happen all that often either -RRB- and by some loophole or trick he manages to escape the long hand of law , till , the catch him on a technicality and that about it folks.Then again , there 's the complete implausibility of cage as gun dealer opperating alone -LRB- he occasionally takes his younger bro , presumably for the ride -RRB- with just a few paid contacts , come on , he 's a friggin gun dealer !!! These people do n't just pop up sell a few guns and leave ... And then besides copola 's nephew we get two very badly drawn , almost cartoonist , characters to serve as his wife and bro -LRB- the bro perpetually sniffing coke as a running gag i suppose -RRB- and the trophy wife in complete oblivion till just about five minutes from the end , talk about an undevelloped script , but i guess that 's what hollywood wants these days . -LRB- The cliches of the film do n't stop even when it comes to the music , one case in point , nick and bro crack a couple of lines of coke while driving around , and what inspired musical piece do we get ? Can anyone guess ? And yes , yes , it is j.j. cale 's cocaine the bilionth time on film to emphasize , well , what else , coke . -RRB- Oh , and dialog is sharp , razor sharp , it 's so sharp the screenwriter would probably have used this razor sharp analogy to say how sharp it is . Nick 's bro out of the blue turns to him , gives him an intense and meaningful look , and goes `` these things are killing , you , on the inside '' . Wow , the poetry in that . But of course an artful director muses with his camera too , as when nick finds his kid 's toy gun and throws it -LRB- up close on the garbage bin -RRB- away . Brilliant , just brilliant.Barring the antirussian propaganda as another reviewer pointed out , i suppose this is one more of the multitude of cia financed flicks , i 'd be willing to give this one the benefit of the doubt were it in any respect half decent , but trust me it is n't , or watch it if you got half a brain and weep over your hard earned money .
 After looking at a couple reviews for this , I thought I had found a good movie . It 's mildly `` OK '' at best . I wish Hollywood would stick to movies and leave politics alone !
 The iron-clad grip of politically correct , left-wing ideology on today 's Hollywood dictates that this film must wring its hands about the evils of arms trafficking , while at the same time glamorizing gun-running to such an extent that I wanted to go out and sell an Uzi immediately after the credits rolled . It reminded me of how Cecil B. DeMille would add scantily clad dancing girls to sex up his biblical epics . What better place to hide the sex ? `` Lord of War '' depicts gun-running as an incredibly glamorous and exciting lifestyle , while at the same time pretending to condemn it.The film seems to want to be taken seriously , but it is not made in a realistic manner ; it is a jokey film with a jokey narration by Nicholas Cage , and all sorts of absurd and utterly unbelievable plot devices . The Hollywood left needs to get serious about their political enthusiasms . If you want to make a serious movie condeming arms-trafficking , then do it . But do n't try , at the same time , to seduce us into the lifestyle .
 I guess this is supposed to be some inditement of the International Arms Market & Trade , when it can direct it 's plot as it wanders around in it 's own little world . Do n't find fault with my opinion personally , I have no more agreement with the atrocities that occur on our dear Planet Earth than any other rational being , but this wandering fairy tale is a waste of time . From all the P-R Hype issued for this thing , I thought it was a comedy along the lines of `` Deal of the Century '' , but , instead , it plays out as some kind of war story written by some Vestal Virgin from Vassar who , in her sheltered , RichBitch life , has never personally witnessed real violence , nor even seen , much less handled a real weapon ! The writers evidently got all their technical information and most of their historical background from R. Lee Ermy on History Channel 's `` Mail Call '' or from Soldier of Fortune Magazine!A die-hard Cage fan might want to see this not to miss something he appeared in , but , overall , `` National Treasure '' was a FAR GREATER entertainment value , as well as just as close to reality!Oh , by the way , INTERPOL is a STRICTLY intelligence-gathering entity , and does not have ANY ENFORCEMENT POWERS WHATSOEVER , much less fielding the SWAT Teams that appear in this fairy tale . If one does not believe me , go to their own website www.INTERPOL.com and readit for yourselfIf you want to see a REAL War Story , go see `` Great Raid '' , a far greater example of reality . Otherwise , save your money , 'cause `` Lord of War '' ai n't even worth the price of a matinee ticket . I almost asked for my money back!The ONLY reason I even gave this TWO Stars is the `` surprise '' ending , which , with the ending text , contains MOST of the truth and entertainment of this two hour + visit to FantasyLand !
 Beware , the so called widescreen edition presents the film in a 1.78:1 ratio whereas it was shown in a 2.40:1 ratio in theaters . Lion 's Gate version of pan and scan
 ... but have some compassion on the criminals profiting , after all , it 's the fault of governments and military leaders . This sums up the `` deep '' message of this `` based on some real events '' hollywood -LSB- sic -RSB- dribble.We put off watching this one not long enough.Oh , it is believable and there is little doubt in my mind that some similar activities do take place , but the only naive reviews , in my opinion , are the ones that see this crap as entertainment or somehow feel more enlightened by any movie , much less one that never claims to be a documentary .
 How could a movie about an international arms merchant have virtually no action . ???? Nicolas Cage 's performance was fine but the movie was too slow moving for my taste . Downright boring at times .
 Shipment never arrived . First two months the system did not allow to claim about the shipment because it would still be on time . Now claiming about it is no longer possible , as the order is older than 60 days .
 I sat there and a 1/2 hours into this movie , I looked at the case and saw that it was about 2 hours long.Now you may wonder why I finished watching this movie and the only reason was because , I wanted to see how it ended , but would I run out and buy it , no way . not even for a $ 1.00 The only good thing about this movie , was Nicholas Cage , but he was not enough to save this movie.So , save your money , unless you enjoy boring movie .
 This is my favorite movie and i ordered it and could n't wait to get it . It came packaged just like any other REAL blu ray but when i popped it in my PS3 it would n't work so i tried 3 other blu rays i had and all 3 worked so i know it was n't the PS3 . Still i tried it in our BRAND NEW LG blu ray player and same thing . This is a junk fake foreign made rip off ! Do not buy !
 It is more of a documentary in nature than an entertaining movie - kind of slow one . The blu ray was just average . Nicolas Cage justifies his role . I have great respect for soldiers -LRB- irrespective of country -RRB- , I could n't accept the movie much .
 I enjoyed the film and would rate it 4/5 stars . However , this review is of the product itself - the film 's Blu-ray disc edition . I have a Sony receiver , and watched the -LRB- Sony ! -RRB- Blu-ray disc on my Sony PS3.The picture is great , but the sound mix is AWFUL . 50 % of the time people are whispering their dialogue and you have to crank up the volume . The other 50 % of the time , the soundtrack/explosions/other sound effects are so loud you have to really dial back the sound . It 's as if the sound engineer had two buttons on his mixer - `` quiet '' and `` loud '' - with no dynamic range in between.Watching this movie was like watching a television show that only included used car ads ... `` whisper whisper BUY A NEW CAR NOW AT JOE 'S CAR PALACE whisper whisper whisper . `` Completely inexcusable . DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION .
 In reading the description , I was expecting that it would guide a child in writing their own book . NOT SO . It just has a story written out , and blanks for the child to fill in . It is NOT their own book . My daughter , who is 9 years old , is very much into writing and has written many chapters of her own imagination . I thought this product was going to help her fine-tune it and guide her along proper techniques and examples of how to perfect her writing into a book that she can be ready to publish . So , beware . This program is already a story written , just fill in the blanks .
 As my daughter enjoys reading and writing stories , I thought this program would be fun . But to my disappointment , she did n't like it , as all it was is a fill in the blank program , and the program writes the story for you .
 Like some of the other reviewers have said , all you do is fill in some one word answers in a story that 's already written . Thought my child was going to get to do alot more creative writing .
 This is NOT `` Books By You ! '' This is `` Books By John Lithgow ! '' The description is misleading . I thought this software would enable my daughter -LRB- age 9 -RRB- to write and print her own books . NOT SO . Kids are simply filling in the blanks of provided stories . My daughter played with this for 20 minutes and has n't touched it since . Absolutely UNINSPIRING ! A waste of money .
 Books by You no longer works . Knowledge Adventure says they were sued and can no longer sell it themselves . If you make and then try to publish a book , it wo n't work . It was once a great product , but now it 's worthless .
 Think twice before purchasing this software . We have had it about 3 years and the first time we printed a book it worked fine , but now , after my daughter spent a few hours creating the fill-in text for this book , it will not upload properly and there is no support on the Knowledge Adventure website . In fact , I called the support number which says it is open until 9 pm -LRB- Eastern Time -RRB- and I called at 7:50 pm and the recording not only says they are closed , but they will reopen on `` Monday . '' Today is Tuesday and there are no holidays this week ! It appears that there is no way to get support for using the software or printing the books . It was going to be a Christmas gift for my daughter and she was so excited . The publishing company , LuLu.com , no longer has the appropriate uploader for uploading the files for the books made with Books By You -LRB- and it took me over an hour with their Live Chat to finally get an answer on that -RRB- . Your only option is to print the -LRB- PDF -RRB- document of your book on your own printer . If you 're willing to only have that type of copy , you can get the software .
 Here 's a hard lesson learned about the Guillemont Company from me . I have been trying to get this company to honor their warranty since Sept. . Please note that they received my unit in Oct. ... I started this process in Sept. . It is now my crusade to spread the news about them.I have been waiting since early October for them to repair my joystick only to find out now that they do n't have the parts and are now making excuses for not replacing my unit . My patience has run it 's course , and I 'm tired of waiting for this company to do it 's legal duty under it 's published warranty.It is my intent to spend considerable amounts of personal time to generate negative advertisment and commentary via Flight Sim forums and their associated sites , all retail sites that have `` review '' areas , and resellers , to warn the user public of your product 's useful service life and your crappy customer response . I 'm sure any potential customers would appreciate knowing how your company does business . I hope that the damage to your company 's reputation will be considerably more than if you would have treated me fairly from the start .
 The Force Feedback on this unit is pale at best.One of my Flight Sim buds and I bought one of these at the sametime and we are both disappointed with it.The look and feel of the stick is good - but save your money if you want a Force Feedback stick .
 Of course this is my review , my opinion . This game pisses me off because it 's obviously high regarded and loved by all , yet I cant find out why . Gamespot gave it a 9.5 . I ca n't seem to figure out what I 'm missing . Just sheer size , mass and freedom of a game does not make it fun to play -LRB- to me -RRB- . You will walk around this huge world and encounter only a handful of enemies , all very weak . The enemies difficulties do not seem to change depending on where you are on the map either . You can investigate caves , but there are only a few weak enemies in them , very little treasure , and nothing exciting happens , ever ! The battle controls are clunky , he seems to swing the sword so slow and delayed . You can heal but it does n't seem to do anything . And gaining experience depends on using the skills that you attribute in the beginning of the game , not fighting enemies like traditional RPG 's . Yes you can steal and virtual do anything you want , but that gets old after a while . The fact that you can travel from virtually any point in the map automatically , takes away from the game big time , traveling is a huge part of RPG 's for me . Also , If the action gets too tough for you just go into the menu and slide the difficulty meter to easy , WTF is that ?!? Having played about 20 hours , it just was n't fun for me -LRB- needless to say -RRB- . I am not a deviant , usually when games have such ridiculously positive ratings like this one , I end up loving them like everyone else , which is why I 'm so vexed!The graphics are indeed very good with a real-time environment , the sun sets and the moon comes out etc , and all the NPC 's do their own thing . This game does not play out like a typical RPG for me , it seemed more like a virtual reality game , a Sims game.I love the FF series , exploring caves , fighting monsters , buying and selling weapons and armor , which is all in this game , although a huge problem for me is that it lacks incentive .
 I purchased the game based on people 's reviews . Man this game Sucks really bad . movement horrible , A.I horrible , action horrible . what has this world come to that people can actually play this garbage .
 to me this game does ` nt have a fun factor it is way over hiped i had it and never ever wanted to play it , its very dull and boring your mainly walking around very very slowly while the game glitches every few seconds i just dont understand why this game got the great awards and ratings it did . i was dissapointed in it , or maybe im just old school .
 I 've been playing a whole bunch of other games lately , and this one took a back burner . I played it for about 4 hours or so and I was starting to get bored . There is a lot of detail and involvement in creating and setting up your character . In the end it 's an OK RPG , maybe it works for some people , but not for me . I 'm also playing Mass Effect and Bioshock right now and both are waaaay funner . I went to my local used games shop , and they only offered me 8 bucks for my copy of Elder Scrolls IV . They had a lot of them on the shelf .
 Oblivion is a good action game , but it not a great role-playing game . Definately not as good as the Morrowind trilogy , but still a decent game to play . One of the problems is that pretty much all the Oblivion Planes are exactly the same , with the exact same route to take , and the exact same enemies to kill . I do like the house I bought in Bruma though , a nice town to settle down in .
 I guess I 'm missing something here , but the game was confusing as hell . I 've played RPGs before , but mostly ones from Squaresoft which are n't as customizable as this one was . In my opinion , the customization is annoying ... it makes the game way to complicated . I 'll put it this way - I 've played for over 20 hours and I still do n't know how to get my guy to gain a level . There 's just way too many skills and stuff in this game.The graphics are okay . If you 're not playing on a HDTV , this game will look a lot like a PS2 game . The gameplay is pretty tedious . Combine those 2 features and you 've got one heck of an overrated game.One last gripe - and maybe this only occurs on my system - but the graphics `` skip '' around very frequently while playing . This was by no means a smooth playing experience . It seems like they made the worlds too big for the 360 to handle or something , because it skips around quite frequently during normal gameplay .
 When I purchased my XBox 360 I searched Amazon for the best review on all the games at the time . Oblivion stood out as a must have game . So I had to get it . I like role-playing games but this is the first time Ive played one since the Playstation 1 days . How this game plays out to me is nearly impossible . It would take weeks to actually understand the game and how to pull out its full potential . But lets play the game without reading the manual -LRB- wont happen -RRB- . It took me a couple hours to create my character . You have to think whether you should be this race or that race , what class you should be , how dark his skin , how long his nose , how thick his beard , what color his hair , how pointy his ears , the color of his eyes , the thickness of his face , etc , etc , etc. . And so you finally know what you want to be . Now you 're playing the game . The game has so many controls that you HAVE to read the manual to understand exactly how your inventory works . Cause the inventory is full of symbols and you need to know these symbols by heart . As you play the early game , you collect rat meat and bones . OK so what is the purpose of these ? Will I need them ? Eventually you will get encumbered so because their value is worth 1 gold , you must drop them . And so as you 're gathering treasures , eventually you 'll have to spend a lot of time going through your inventory wondering what you should drop . Keeping the most valuable not necessarily the most useful cause you dont know what you need yet ! And you dont know if what you drop you 'll need later ! So you just want this game to pick up . It has great reviews , people love it and supposedly had a good time with it but Im stuck here wondering what these things do . Very frustrating if you ask me . Eventually you 'll be asked what kind of star sign do you want to be ? And this is when I quit the game , it was the very start of the game . And it gives you about a dozen constellations and a description of each . Oh great so now I have to read each and every one of these signs and their uses . Lets see I can become invisible for 1 hour a day , or I can give added strength to my character . Which one is better !! Thats the problem , you dont know . You just started the game and collected small `` treasures '' . Trying to understand the purpose of walking around killing things and collecting a few gold . But i spent hours reading the manual only to forget a few days later when I picked up the paddle again . So it was just very complex , you need a Role-Playing degree to play this game . Its not like Halo where you can turn the game on , pick up the paddle and go on an adventure killing things ! Sorry for rambling on but this game isnt something you want to play if you dont have the time to play it . Halo was the first game I played for 360 and playing it a couple hours a day was awesome . I had surround subwoofers laying on the couch at night and it was amazing . Try it with Oblivion and you have to turn on the light to read the manual , spend the entire 2 hours trying to understand it . Then forget how to play the next day . Its just not a game for everybody I guess .
 I do n't see why everybody thinks it 's such a great game . I think it 's an extremely boring game . It 's fun at first , but once youv ' e played for a while you just get kinda tired of it . Plus , I do n't see why people think the graphics are so good .
 I got a defective copy of the game that after 5 minutes of playing turned itself off . dont buy from this seller , might as well rent it first .
 To me , this is one of those games that are addictive but boring . Quite ironic , I know ...
 I bought this game because of its great reviews . However , I 'm surprised at the lack of fighting and basic physics of the movement . The world his huge ... yeah , great , but the simple movement is so monotonous and slow . Why ca n't we get the movement from Zelda ? I just do n't see what the hype is all about .
 i 'm a mature gameplayer who recently bought a dozen videogames and an xbox 360 just to see how the technology has evolved . compared to other games i 've tried i found this game to be boring and in parts annoying , and after a few returns have not been able to finish it . for me the core problem is the insane level of depth and arcana you are required to manage -- a cluttered map ; a panoply of characters , tribes and evil thingies ; a menu for all your clothes and armor , another for your spells , another for your weapons , another for your trinket odds and ends ; a self designed avatar ; several maps ; powers and attributes that come and go -- it 's like managing a special needs preschooler . -LRB- and this is a * game * ? -RRB- and then there 's the open ended scripting of a plot that is so complicated you need to take notes to keep track of it all . the visual design is ok but i found it insufferable to interact with the character `` talking heads '' , whose mouths are really annoying to look at as they patter the lamest interactive dialog of any game i have tried . and the action elements are uncompelling and do n't require much skill to accomplish . the only grace is the landscape rendering , which is fun just to roam through and leads to all kinds of random , sometimes bizarre encounters .
 i 've `` played '' this game for about 3 hours now -LRB- walking around killing wolves , digging through dungeons -RRB- . yeah , it 's early , but i won ' tbe giving it much more attention if it does n't get a WHOLE LOT better . i 'm running around outside kvtach doing a little sword dance against tan pooh colored pointy eared guys and i ca n't even tell if i 'm hitting them or not . they 're hitting me though . load times SUCK , graphics -LRB- animations -RRB- suck , i ca n't be bothered with the lame-assed story line cuz i 'm so fed up from the rest of the crapiness , and i had to go through shopping at Gamestop to get this -LRB- `` do you have a card ? wan na be a memeber ? want insurance ? i beat this game in two days . the best part was ... '' -RRB- , i 'd think this was a complete scam if so many people were n't over the moon about this game . what am i missing ? the good news is i 'm not bummed about getting th regular version now since i 'll hardly be wasting any more time on this one . neat red sky though . pfft . rip off .
 This is the same price as the game of the year edition , which has an extra 20-60 hours of game play , less gliches , and the disc dosn ; t fry if you play for to long !
 i ca n't believe this game is for a modern console . i played better games than this on the NES . Terrible graphics . You spend a good bit of time trying to figure out how to basic things . i rated this game a 1-star because you can not give negative stars . Aah . i am so angy for buying this stupid game . my time would have been better spent watching paint dry . at least i could hallucinate liking this game as the paint fumes overtake me .
 I 'll admit , right off the bat , that this game does indeed have beautiful graphics . Also , since I 'm a fan of this series since the first installment , the game itself is pretty cool . Now , here are the problems with the Xbox 360 version . Load times are extremely long , whether you are loading a save game or starting a new game , expect to see the 360 screen saver pop up or your controller turn off due to the amount of time passing by . Also , looting a corpse , examining a chest , or even going into your inventory , will cause the game to take a very long time to load -LRB- if it does n't just freeze altogether -RRB- . So if you enjoy sitting around for 10 + minutes whenever you try to do anything , then go ahead and buy this piece of garbage . Or , if you have a decent PC , buy the PC version instead plus the expansions -LRB- downloadable content -RRB- . With the PC version it is just as pretty but without all the ridiculous bugs . After working 5 + years in the video game industry as a quality assurance supervisor , I ca n't believe how or why the Xbox 360 version was even released . It 's utter crap .
 1 -RRB- Graphics are too realistic . Ruins the idea of fantasy .2 -RRB- NPCs personalities are all the same .3 -RRB- Repetitive hack and slash game .4 -RRB- Ridiculous background music .5 -RRB- Poor main storyline .6 -RRB- Too many bugs , especially for the various Great Houses and factions .7 -RRB- It felt a little too real-life medieval rather than a fun game .8 -RRB- Lame in-game jokes . Eg
 I found this game to be very immersive and the graphics were amazing . I have been playing it slowly over the last 6 months and was enjoying it . However , the hours and hours of gameplay have a limit , due to the fatal animation bug . This has become known as the abomb bug . If you are the type of person that wants to experience all the areas of the game , complete all the quests and build your character stats up over time you will probably run into this bug . It occurs at about 200 hrs of game play on the PC and about 400 hours of game play on the xbox 360 . It is similar to a memory leak and will result in not being able to open doors or lower bridges . Also , the magic graphcis and animation will become corrupted and you will not be able to proceed in the game . Bethesda is well aware of the problem but keeps it very low profile and has not come up up a patch for the problem , since most people will play the main quest and not put in that amount of hours . There is no work around for this bug on the xbox 360 therefore it is a game ending bug . The gaming community has come up with a work around on the PC but Bethesda has not come up with an official patch over the past year , which is reprehensible on their part . In addition , I do not see it even being discussed in official reviews of the game , which is reprehensible on the all the reviewers parts .
 After having purchased the previous Sims games for Game Boy Advance , I was eagerly looking forward to this game , wondering what they could do with it . Do n't expect the narratives and tasks that came with the previous games -- this is more like the PC version of The Sims , only without the creativity . If you have a choice between this version and the PC version , pass on this one and head straight to the computer -- it 's more fun .
 I am an AVID Sim player . Any form of the game that I can get I will . I have the The Sims Bustin Out , Urbz , and Sims 2 on the game boy advance system . Naturally I was estatic about this game being released since I am also a pet lover.What was so majorly disappointing to me on this game is the lack of consideration to the previous games . All your familiar -LRB- and favorite -RRB- characters are gone
 When I read the game description it sounded like a blast . Then I tried playing it and it was really bad .1 . No real in-depth instruction on how to make money2 . The employees do n't leave and always complaining3 . Ca n't advertise , ca n't have a project and research project go at the same time .4 . Relocating and buying stuff was the only good thing about the whole game but by then your broke.I do n't recommend this game at all even if it cost $ 1.00 , buy a soda instead .
 Top five reasons not to get this game :1 . The online manual is very poorly translated Korean . Good luck figuring out the game .2 . If you want to buy up another company 's stock , you can usually only get a few shares at a time . Even if you 'd be willing to pay a lot more , no one will sell .3 . The game has a bug so that it forgets how to make certain products and you have to re-research them .4 . The music is worse that Barney 's `` I love you ... '' repeated ad nauseum .5 . Technical support ? From Activision ? You 've got to be kidding .
 This game is not any fun . I bought it and thought . . well . . at least it made an attempt . I just want no one to waste their money on this game . . because it is really , really bad . The graphics are something to be desired . While for the price . . it 's not much . . you may think . . oh , I might like it . . spend it on something else !
 I was thinking `` SimCity helped me learn about real estate and land use in a fun way , so maybe there will be a game that might help me learn more about about business . '' This was not the game . The documentation and tutorials are terrible . I do n't remember exactly but I gave it an hour -LRB- or maybe two -RRB- of playing , but really felt stuck and bored.The sad thing is that the game appears to have a fair amount of depth and detail , but it 's really unclear and I did n't know what I was supposed to do , and when I did , I did n't know how to do it.In addition to the difficulty I had with the game , it just was n't what I was looking for . `` Big Biz '' is about running an office and handling employees and delegation . If you want a decent business game , try Capitalism 2 . It has good detail and depth , good tutorials and an actual understanding of how businesses run . For some people , it may be a subtle distinction , but for me it 's all that matters
 I know I really wanted this game because it looked so good in the store . I was wrong . It took me a long time to figure out how to do anything . I still am not completely sure how to do anything . There are few levels and the only way I could beat it was by using cheat codes . Still , you can just put all you money in the bank and leave your computer and then you will make money . BY NOT EVEN DOING ANYTHING ! Now I would only pay $ 1.00 tops .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!! This game is a complete waste of money . It 's frozen up my computer countless times , and has very limited gameplay . The graphics are extremely dissapointing , and the game itself is just plain stupid.Believe me , it is NOT worth your money .
 This is a terrible game . Stupid . Not enough stuff , too much silly interactions required , no speed settings . If you are looking for a good game , do n't buy this one .
 Scenarios , make this so boring . You ca n't build a business , itslike starting over and over again . This is n't a good sim game . They could have made it much better .
 DONT BUY THIS GAME !!! there is no point to it . it sucks . do n't buy it . i hated it !!!
 Bad ... Terrible ... Stinky ... there are not enough words in the English language to even begin to tell you how awful this game is . This is definitely the most boring game that I have ever played .
 This is one of , if not the , worst game I have ever played . Ever since I put it into my computer it was a waste of time . I kept waiting for something even remotely exciting to occur , but unfortuneatly I had no such luck . I would have rated this game worse but it is impossible to get lower than 1 star . Please , if you enjoy your life and your money , do n't buy this game .
 This is one of , if not the , worst game I have ever played . Ever since I put it into my computer it was a waste of time . I kept waiting for something even remotely exciting to occur , but unfortuneatly I had no such luck . I would have rated this game worse but it is impossible to get lower than 1 star . Please , if you enjoy your life and your money , do n't buy this game .
 We are all still waiting for real GAMEPLAY improvements to the FIFA series . There was a small improvement from 04 to 05 . However , control seems to have taken a reverse in 06 . I am sorrily dissappointed with the 06 FIFA product . FIFA 05 has less glitches . I just bought FIFA 06 last week but have been playing FIFA 05 . I do n't know who EA are hiring to design their product but I could probably do a better job - -LSB- ... -RSB- . You guys need to start over from the ground up .
 fifa soccer 2006 is is an exceptionaly good game , but do n't spent money on it . well there may be a lot of cool features like manager mode this game if far from 5 stars . it lacks control . for example you can not control were the ball will go when you pass or when you shoot it , and there are to many controls . the grafix are ok for such a complicated game but i have seen better -LRB- much better -RRB- . so if you are looking for a good soccer game get Red Card 2003 by midway sports , ot fifa street . they are a lot more fun .
 OK im sorry guys but this is really really sad ... im new to soccer and i got the game from my cousin fifa soccer 2002 so i could see what its all about , it was soo awesome i wanted to buy FIFA SOCCER 2006 , I WENT AND BOUGHT AND GUESS WHAT IM SORRY IM DISGUSTED PLEASE DO NOT BUY THE VIDEOGAME , im feeling sorry that i bought it , i had to ask my mom for the money and now i cant even return the game !!!!! DONT BUY IT
 The video game and cartoon video are both entertaining . The built-in mini games is great ! The cartoons are new classics.The headphones included in the packet are a disappointment though . The plastic is so rigid that it cuts into the head around the ears . And , my headphones broke when I tried to reform them after their trip in an unusable shape from the manufacturer . I would recommend buying the headphones separately .
 My son put this in his DS once , he 's 6 years old and thought it was very boring !
 Not my idea of choices for this GBA Video cartridge , to say the least . The only episode on that cartridge that was really neat was the `` Cowboy Courage '' episode . I could think of better episodes that are `` pure gold '' so to speak . But for now , I suggest you choose `` Cartoon Network
 The SSX franchise is my most beloved . But this addition to the franchise is by far the least impressive . The graphics are a major step backwards from SSX 3 which was beautiful . You simply can not create a character that does n't look like a grungy teenager from 1992 . The inability to play our favorite characters in tour mode is unfortunate . But the single most unpleasant aspect of this game and the reason why I dislike it with such passion is that in multiplayer mode if one racer gets too far ahead of another , the player who is behind automatically gets brought forward , catching him up to the player in the lead . This entirely invalidates the very essence of multiplayer .
 This game is ptobly the worst ssx game ever . The good things are that you can make your own character , buy your own clothing , and choose beetween a board or skis . The bad thing is are the graphics the sound track , and the courses . No matter how good you are , you will always fall . the soundtrack is painfull , except for run to the hills . the graphics are just strange . Go ahead and buy it . BUT BEWARE !!!
 My computer exceeds all system requirements , and this program will not run on windows XP , even when switched to win95 or win98 mode .
 At the end of the day you can have all the features in the World but if the playability is gone then you have nothing . This game has fatal flaws that can not be lived with . The playability is awful . By the way the players move you would think they were all on roller skates . They have tried to make it realistic with real time ball flow but not given you the tools to help . If you sprint with the ball and stop the ball keeps moving about 10 feet away from you . It 's great when the computer is running on the counter towards your goal and the ball rolls out for a goal kick , not so great when time and again it happens to you . Try before you buy as this has ruined 5 years of stats for me . I have every Fifa for the GBA and now DS ... this is as bad as the dreadful World Cup version . I will be trading in my DS and all the games next week and I 'm trying Fifa this weekend on a friends PSP to try and salvage my 5 years worth of collected statistics . The corners are now in slow motion which is just their way of gettinga round the dreadful slow down/frame rate . The shooting now sails over the bar and only a little tap actually has accuracy , anything stronger forget it . Everybody just slips about on the ice with the ball rolling all over the place ... abysmal .
 I bought this game finding it in the store as the only DS game still in stock along with wiffle ball ... after reviewing wiffle ball and seeing poor reviews I opted for FIFA 07 ... I am SO disappointed . Horrible game play , horrible touchy controls , need multiple cartridges to play anyone else , I guess maybe if you live , eat and breath soccer , you might KIND of like this game . Poor call EA SPORTS !
 the deleted scenes were a huge improvement over the original counterstrike.why could n't they make the rest of the game like that?in the online version , or regular single or multiplayer mode , the characters move like robots.very fake-like . when you shoot them , they do the same stupid thing , hang there for a minute and fall down.the original version is much more lifelike , the reason i loved this game in the first place.plus there is no way to search for a local sever in `` steam '' . so you ca n't play on a computer to computer network.had high expectations and was really let down .
 i got my condition-zero on miRC and the game was n't all that great . i only played the ritual missions and it sucked ! not even good , the realism sucks and the fun was boring . i say this is the worst counter strike sequel ever made . if you want the game just download a program called miRC and download it for 1.9 gb and save your money folks , its not the worth it . try call of duty or something . sorry for ruining your hopes
 I have been a CS fan since the beta 's were first out . I am a huge fan of CS , so I figured CZ would be a great game . Waiting 2yrs from the original release date to play it and what did I get . The same game I already had , sure it has some new textures but thats not good enough . The bots are better but its not worth the $ 40 that you have to pay . The deleted scenes are ok but still not worth the money . Plus , its full of bugs , mine crashes about every 15 min and locks my comp up until I restart it . Wait until Half-Life 2 and/or Doom 3 comes out to get a great game .
 Many of us are very upset that the December 30th release did not hold true . The truth is , Sierra/Valuesoft never had any intention of release CS : CZ on that date . Once they missed the Sept. and Nov. release dates , they new it would take until March to get everything complete . The only reason they named Dec. 30th was so that they could maximize pre-orders for Christmas . If they had designated March 30th as the release date a few months ago , they would have had far fewer pre-orders leading up to the end of the year . This helps them pad their 2003 financials . Such practices should be a crime . I urge everyone to cancel their pre-orders and , if you decide you still want to purchase , wait until March 25th approaches to pre-order it .
 Do n't bother buying this game if you have the original CS . It 's the same thing with slightly better graphics . With all the hype and delays it should have been better . For Shame Sierra ... For Shame.Wait for the price to drop to $ 10 ... Then consider it .
 I regret buying HL : CS-CZ ; That was one of the biggest mistakes I 've made with my money . It 's one thing to spend $ 25 on your girlfriend and she dumps you the next day , but this is like she 's dumping you 30 seconds after buying it.CZ and CS 1.6 has destroyed the true CS community , sure there are some seasoned people around but other than that it is all noobs.Lame excuse for LAN games , you must be connected to steam and the internet to play a LAN game . Lousy objectives on the bot SP , Deleted Scenes is ok but it 's exactly like HL or HL : OPFOR.Bad Valve === escaping STEAMThe balance of the game was taken out in cs 1.1-1 .3 -LRB- I 'm old school CS , Beta 4-CS1 .6 -RRB-
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- Cheating is such a problem that if you want to play this game then hopefully the single player mod will be good or else just play it on a LAN with friends . The internet on-line games are rife with cheating . Sometimes more than 50 % of the players are using aimbot and wallhack and even the anti-cheating software is no good against them . Be prepared to be slaughtered if you do not cheat . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Valve have done nothing to curb this problem and they have even managed to get the code for HL2 leaked so cheating is going to be rife again . -LRB- 3 -RRB- They keep pushing the dates forward by 6 months or more which makes fans very unhappy.Anyway bottom line is the single player is all this going to be worth . The multiplaying arena is full of cheating and I would certainly NOT pay for a game that can not combat cheating . It should stay free until they can resolve the cheating exploits once and for all . Cheating ruins this game . It is like getting scores of 0 kills 52 deaths and the guy doing it all is like 60 kills 1 death . Is that worth your money ?
 When I first heard about CZ , i was thrilled . My parents have been talking about taking away my internet -LRB- because I have been spending too much time playing CS on steam -RRB- , so this would work out for both of us . I bought it , and regretted it . The single player engine is ALRIGHT . It was a good idea for the objectives -LRB- kill 3 enemies with deagle , and things like that -RRB- but the bots are idiots . They run in front of your shots , they DONT shoot at enemies , they kill hostages . It is not worth the money . If anyone has heard of Counter-Strike : Source , they will be saving up like me to buy . A beta version of Source was released today for all owners of CS : CZ , and this is AMAZING . Graphics are amazing , and all the other problems have been fixed . Smoke grenades work very well . The physics engine is excellent -LRB- this means if you stand on a barrel , it can break or shoot away -RRB- , and when you kill someone , they realisticly die -LRB- not like in CS and CZ when they just tip over -RRB- . Save your money , and buy SOURCE !
 I 'm extremely dissappointed with this program . It was origionally scheduled to be release Feb 1st , if not earlier . Almost everyone on the internet -LRB- review sites -RRB- have played this game and have a ton of screen shots . I do n't understand what is taking so long to get the game release . It 's new scheduled release is in May !
 This game hasnt been released and yet you can still rate it ? If this game is anything like the original Counter-Strike -LRB- I guess we can call it this now -RRB- on its limited and outdated engine then I would not expect a huge difference . All I could expect are some bug fixes , new maps and models . Single player sounds cool but I do think that the multiplayer aspect will be overrun with cheaters like the original counter-strike because the valve does nothing about cheaters .
 GRaphics still -LSB- bad -RSB- quake 2 enginestop adding on and make a whole new Counter-Strike on a better engine.Still fun and u can shoot through stuff so i give 2 stars
 PURCHASED THROUGH AMAZON . . APPARENTLY I BOUGHT IT THROUGH AN OUTSIDE PERSON ... GAME DID NOT WORK ON MY COMPUTER ... SENT IT BACK TO THE PERSON I PURCHASED IT FROM . . HE SAID IT WORKED OK ON HIS END AND SENT THE GAME BACK TO ME ... I WANT A REFUND AND HE AND AMAZON WILL NOT CREDIT MY ACCOUNT ... SO I HAVE 2 VERY UNHAPPY GRANDKIDS AND A GAME THAT IS UNUSABLE . EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED AND WILL ONLY ORDER KINDLE PRODUCTS FROM NOW ON .
 I did n't really play this game much . It runs WAY too fast . I found it hard to even get the baddies in my sights - it is more like playing a fancy version of pong . This is nowhere near a simulation . IMO , Tactical Ops - Assault On Terror , circa ~ 2000 , was a far better game in every way , and had adjustable game speed . To each their own .
 In hindsight , I do n't know why I was so amped about this coming out . The deleted scenes component is buggy and not very challenging or exciting . I could have beaten the game in a day if it had n't crashed on me every hour and a half . As for the single player CS mode where you team up with bots , that is somewhat fun and interesting and the only reason why this review gets two stars ... but after a couple of rounds you realize you 'd rather play with real people instead of bots who do the same thing over and over again . I 'd rather play regular CS or perhaps work on Day of Defeat somemore . This company needs to put more time into creating something worth buying , not just a rehash of BAD games that came before it .
 This is a good game for practicing -LRB- or beginning -RRB- online CounterStrike , if you are into that . You really ca n't call this a simulation by any means as the game play is frantic , with the your `` bot '' enemies jumping all over the place -LRB- too much caffeine I guess -RRB- You have to `` buy '' weapons and ammo at the start of each level or mission , which is a real pain as you only get a few seconds to do this . And speaking of time , you are on a timer to complete the missions , so no thinking at all here , just `` run and gun '' . If you are looking for a simulation , go get Rainbow Six 3
 No new game play . No new guns . Some new maps and skins , but there are a plethora of these on the web anyway.Stick to CS 1.6 .
 Counter-Strike was a very nice mod for Half-Life until the cheating became rampant . These days all it takes is a simple download and you can watch everybody else staring at you through walls . Neither Valve nor Sierra will address these problems and both ignore requests to fix them.Do not buy this game for the multiplayer capabilities as these companies have a poor track record .
 Jarrod , the Anti-Cheat System will be bypassed . They always are . Remember how Diablo II was supposedly unhackable ? Look at it now . Do n't get yourTo Phoenix , In was playing since the early beta stages , so do n't call me a n00b . Everybody here has been saying THIS IS THE BEST GAME !! GO BUY IT !! It 's not even out yet , so that 's a good enough reason for me to give 1 star . So please STFU .
 start making other video games that arent army make things of swat teams navy seals police for theres a whol new world out there people are getting tired of counter strike and im giving 50 thumps up to battle feild 1942 sierra/valve/gearbox make something of the iraqi war i would love that sssoooooooooooooo much that would be cool and if you did have a create a solder were you can edit a character for 1 player mode have it on playstation 2 + xbox have 1 player mode and online mode for people withxbox live or ps2 net adapter you could be rich with that and make the best graphics you can make by the way my name is lee freeman i have reveiws on lots of stuff please make the iraq war thing and call it operation iraqi freedom and you have to do every thing they did on 1 player and online just things like capture the flag or team deathmatch and death match each employee would be so rich who wouldnt agree with me .
 CS was a great online multiplayer game but they did not have to make a second . OF course they did not have to make a single player mode for it . MAYBE they can make a update with all the new weapons . What is delaying them from selling the game to the world . It is also made by GEARBOX witch -LSB- isnt good -RSB- because it made FIREARMS MOD VERSION FOR HALF LIFE.They should not make a LAW for the game if you only can play it on SINGLE PLAYER MODE . You also should not have the shield in the game because you will not be able to play it on mutiplayer . DID anyone hear that you may have a suicide BELT . It costs to expensive to buy the WEAPONS FOR The new updates . THey should not have any updates for jumping and getting tired . Sierra should not have made 1 update just to fix JUMPING that was so STUPID.IF YOU DONT LIKE MY REVIEW JUST ASK GEARBOX AND SEE WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT THIS GAME.WILL IT BECOME THE NEXT NUMBER 1 MULTIPLAYER GAME!NOOOOOOOOOO!ITS JUST A STUPID SEQUEL
 This game offers : - extreamly bad graphics-Very boring online play-more funny looking `` counter terrorists and terrorists '' - REALLY blurry textures-even more maps that take about 1 kb to download-and finally NEW weapons , they only have about 27 ... not very much
 I thought the bots were supposed to be intellegent ? I have watched both T and CT stand looking at each other for a few seconds before firing . Also , mostly your guys get in your way or kill the hostages if a T is in line with one . If this is as good as it gets , then cancel my HL2 order .
 Condition Zero was a waste of valve 's time . They are going to take the number one mod , and run it into the ground , after they realize that most people will try this game before they buy , and decide CS origional is still the way to go . Taking the multiplayer capabilities out of CS takes out about 1/2 the fun , because there are always people that are better than you , and you can shoot the breeze while you 're waiting to respawn . CZ ? Not more clans , no more voice chat , no more LAN parties , no more fun ...
 It is a sad day when a business -LRB- the game developer -RRB- lies to its distribution network and the public for the all holy bottom line , year end sales numbers . Also alienated by your greed are the thousands of individuals who anticipated an exceptional game for Christmas or a birthday gift . How about Amazon or Sierra paying interest on the use of our money from date of purchase to the delivery date . Do we really believe that the March date is good , or will it be December 30,2004 -LRB- or2005 -RRB- . If this was my company I would have people working overtime to meet a commitment to my customers . Remember , with out customers you do not have a sale . Come on Sierra and Amazon be honest and do the right thing .
 I 've been waiting years for Condition Zero -LRB- CZ -RRB- to come out but now that it 's out , it 's to little to late . CZ is extremely dissapointing for a hard core CS veteran like myself . The meat of CS has and always will be multiplayer and CZ adds nothing new other than updated graphics . The singleplayer aspect of CZ is mediocre compared to games like Call of Duty and Far Cry . Too add to the disspapointment CZ comes out a week after UT2004 and Battlefield Vietnam which are both superb multiplayer games.Good + Intelligent Bots + Updated GraphicsBad - Same old CS gameplay . - Mediocre single player . - Adds NOTHING new to multiplayer .
 I 've was waiting almost two years to play this game and when it finally came out , I bought it ! The biggest gaming mistake of my life . I have played Counter-Strike for over two years and its great . Condition Zero is no more then CS version 1.6 . The graphics are almost the same , the new weapons ca n't be used online or on the single player mode that it has . Single player is nothing more then just facing off agaisnt bots and accomplishing objectives like get 3 kills with a sniper rifle or win a round in less then 75 seconds.Valve promised so much new . Better graphics ? Nope . New weapons ? Nope . New maps ? Nope . All the maps in CZ are either Counter-Strike maps or just maps you see all the time that are popular in version 1.6 of Counter-Strike . The only way to get new skins like the Russian and Japanese Counter-terrorist soldiers or U.S. Militia terrorists is to download of differnt sites . There only two new things that are truly new . The single player which is just facing bots . Great for people with a bad internet conncection . The other thing is `` Deleted Scenes '' which are about a dozen missions around the world ridding the world of terrorism . That is the only place where you will find the new weapons that were promised . At best the Deleted Scenes are medicore and the worst just total crap . Feels like playing a 40 dollar version of Half-Life that came out in 2004 with better games like UT :2004 , FarCry and Battlefield Vietnam.The graphic engine is about the same as a Quake 2 engine . Medal of Honor
 Look
 Condition zero is the same as COUNTER-STRIKE that has ben out for a long time.same maps with same new onessame skinssame guns
 I got CS
 well i am a mega cs fan i play cs and i am quit good at it but this game has a bad name for cs . i mean you know deleted scenes was great with the nice skins and stuff but the rest sucks . i mean when i try to go online in steam my computer crashes and freezes . and the menu is laggy . and trust me i have a good computer so you do the math . i think the regualer cs is better dont waste your money on this buy like te regular cs and play it from there but not here or by a good computer game like halo or unreal tournament 2k4
 Why does every cool game have to be pushed back like this ? They are treating us , the loyal gamer , like a mule with a carrot and stick . They hold out this game , just a little further now , just a little further . As if demand were n't already high enough for it . This had better be worth it or im going to get a class action suit against sierra together .
 Do n't mistake the one star as a bad game . I 'm simply saying that you ca n't go ahead and call this game of the year considering it 's not even out yet . Remember Daikatana ? That game was supposedly set to rule the world but then turned into -LSB- stuff -RSB- . Do n't be so hasty with your words .
 I 've been doing alot of research on CZ , and it seems to me the game just wo n't be worth it if it EVER gets released . The screenshots availible on Amazon are that of the Ritual studios version which have been 86 ` ed . Turtle Rock studios have taken over the project because the Ritual version just plain sucked . This is the game that had been leaked , for all those writing saying they 've played it . The Turtle Rock version will be different , however , all CZ will be in the long run is CS with bots . Thats all . As for the `` missions '' all I `` ve heard is that it will be a la Tony Hawk style i.e. 5 headshots with a deagle , 5 headshots with the dualies ... ect . No new skins , no new weapons , just new maps and re-textured old maps . Anyway , the game will tank , and I 'll pick it up when it reaches the bargain bin for $ 9.99
 Graphics S-U-C-K . Multiplayer engine , Steam , has more security flaws than you should ever want , and I am sick of having to reregister with them .
 This game is way too tough to play in single player . Directions are horrible .
 CS is so outdated , the graphics are n't really that much of an improvement from the original , and who would pay ... for it when you can download the old one -LRB- which is basically the same as this one ... -RRB- for free ! Dont waste your money on this , ...
 Let 's face it ... Counter Strike fans will give this game high ratings no matter what . True die hard CS players like myself laugh at the weak attempt that was made in Condition Zero.If you have played Counter Strike , you will be disappointed . If you have dial-up or can not access the internet ... I still can not recommend this game unless the price goes below $ 20 . Save your money , buy Unreal Tournament 2004 and download some of the weapons mods and conversion mods available for free . The enemy AI is mind bendingly awesome and will humble you quickly.Plus , you get a more dynamic game that constantly changes and is very dynamic.Condition Zero is stale , repetitive , the enemy AI is predictable , the objectives are stupid - example , you must rescue 5 hostages and kill a terrorist with the sniper rifle . Ok fine ... but see how hard it is to rescue 5 hostages when your computer AI teammates keep killing the terrorists and finishing the level before you can rescue any hostages at all ! I had to let the terrorists kill my guys on purpose just to get around this problem !
 I ordered this a year ahead of time expecting something more like HL . I was very disappointed with the `` Match '' format , the dash and shoot to a time schedule thing . I played it for a while the first day I got it and put it away in disgust . Call of Duty called me back .
 According to their tech support , this game is not compatible with Microsoft 's drivers - and he instructed me to take apart my PC , get the motherboard model , and install other IDE drivers instead.Yeah , right . What a waste of time and money .
 So , we were first told about Counter-Strike
 Counter-Strike is good , but I mean , come on ... Team Fortress 2 was supposed to come out in 1998 -LRB- and no one even knows ANYTHING about it -RRB- , Half-Life 2 was supposed to come out in May -LRB- than it was delayed till September , than Holiday 2003 , now its April ' 04 -RRB- , and this is the 3rd time Condition Zero has been delayed , and its on its what ... 3rd or 4th developer ?? Obviously Valve doesnt know what they are doing , and I wouldnt expect this game to come out anytime soon ... If you really want to play this game , buy XBox if you dont already have it , and buy Counter-Strike for it ... It came out today -LRB- 11/18/03 -RRB- , and it has all the stuff Condition Zero is supposed to have , if it even comes out anytime soon.Plus , Steam is the worst thing ever , so I think Valve just scored a 0 out of 4 for everything theyve tried doing ... Also , I didnt mention it , but this game was supposed to come out in May , along with HL2 , and it got delayed till `` supposedly '' today , 11/18 , and now Amazon says 11/30 , and EB Games says 12/14 ... I mean , if you people havent noticed it by now ... This game isnt coming out anytime soon ... And if they get it out before Christmas , Ill be incredible surprised ... Thats my 2 cents .
 Things have changed a lot for Electronic Arts since the mid 90s . They have turned from an upbeat company that released nothing but the highest quality games especially in sports , into the biggest game company on the block & unfortunately with their quanitity over quality bend , they have allowed many of their strongest franchises to go right down the drain.FIFA is a perfect example . FIFA 94-96 really was just a treat to play , whether you liked soccer or not , just like the NHL franchise until 95 . Now they 're just bland , bland , bland . We do n't need 200 billion leagues , or soccer season previews . We just want solid , fun gameplay . The control has gotten so horrible in the name of ` realism ' that sometimes you feel you are watching the game rather than playing it . There really is no excuse for a 5 second delay between a button press & the corresponding action , when the same franchise had instantanious precision controls a decade earlier.EA seems so dedicated to the dull , lifeless pace of the game that they felt the need to severely penalize any upbeat defense as well . Slide tackles are all but forbidden altogether , even if you do n't actually touch anyone . And though you can take a nice minute-long stroll into the fast-paced older FIFA games , you ca n't actually play them.I sometimes wonder why I bother even renting the old standby franchises from EA Sports . Maybe deep down I hope that they will finally come to their senses and realize that good games are n't about realism or about rendering sweat in real time , just make games the fun arcadey experience they used to be . I would pay $ 50 just to have a basic roster update for FIFA 95 or NHL 94 before I would pay $ 20 for a roster update of last year 's awful FIFA game .
 I wrote a negative review of this game a few weeks ago , but after playing it some more , I am coming around . There are still some negatives - which I will address - but overall , the game is fun to play , even if it takes a ton of practice to finally conquer.Positives : - Graphics are great - Selection of teams you can control has improved - Managers have even more control , including stadium upgrades -LRB- which are n't always visual , sometimes just in tickets sold -RRB- - Once you learn how to play , it 's a lot of funNegatives : - Defenders still only have to make contact with you to steal the ball - You can win the treble and still get fired if you go too far in the hole with your budget -LRB- which is a bit unrealistic -RRB- - If the other team wants to win , you are going to lose , no matter how hard you try or how good your players are - Players retire early or sometimes disappear . I wanted to sign Michael Owen and even though he would only have been 27 at the time I was signing him , he was nowhere to be found . - You ca n't delete previous games and profiles . I have tried everything and have yet to figure out how to delete my old teams/seasons . It took me a long time to be able to play at the professional level , much longer than previous versions . Now that I have figured it out , it 's a lot of fun . It just takes a lot more patience than previous versions .
 I seem to be alone in thinking that Fifa 2005 is a very good game that has several quirks which keep it from being a great game . That 's why I was disappointed when I first began playing Fifa 2006 . The commentary is n't as good as Fifa 2005 -LRB- in fact it 's almost the same commentary , just different announcers -RRB- . The movements and graphics of the player actions , graphically , are very good , but are less true to life than 2005 . And I have to repeat how crazy the menus are . This has always been a weak point in almost every game in this series . the buttons react slowly , and you have to go through menu after menu to achieve menial tasks -LRB- like exiting the game -RRB- . Corner kicks are back to being a grab bag -LRB- just kick it the right strength and hope to get lucky -RRB- . And they got rid of selecting 1 of three forwards to control , or pass to . This took practice but added a lot to the game!Some improvements are
 FIFA 06 IS MOST DEFINIATLY THE WORST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED . bad game play , block graphics , terrible load times , they have like 10 seconds buttons delay -LRB- send EA an email that this is 2006 -RRB- , there is absolutly no reason for 9 seconds delay in 2006 0r even 05 . Even games made as early in 1994 no longer have delay . If you have fifa 04 , continue playing playing it . If you have fifa 05 , this might be a very good upgrade . Fifa 05 was way terrible than this -LRB- fifa06 -RRB- . -5 out of 5 . I AM REALLY SAD THAT THERE IS NO `` 0 OR EVEN -5 RATTING '' . Thanks for reading . PLEASE DONT BUY THIS GAME
 Game is very old and you should never by it because it stinks and 07 for the PS2 is way better . Now I do n't care what IGN says becasue there wrong and i 'm right beleave me it stinks and I hate it .
 I was looking for a soccer game that was a quick study and very fun out of the box . Unfortunately this game -LRB- like many in the EA Sports Line up -RRB- has become more about being an owner or coach then about the actual game play . You have to keep track of the players health , stats , injuries and still figure out how to play the game . The other MAJOR dig on this game is the stupid thing does n't come with even the basic instructions of how to play it , for example , I had to search online to find out why everyone of our shots on goal was missing badly . Come to find out that you have to push the button and release just at the right point on a power bar located by the name of the player . Playing against another person is fun but playing the computer is a real pain and I felt like it was extremely difficult to get any enjoyment from getting beat over and over . If you want a game that 's a fast learn and fun for one person keep looking . If you want to be a soccer manager or play fantasy soccer instead of the actual game this is the one for you !
 Although you may be tempted to pick this up as a gag gift for a `` Millionaire '' or Regis fan , do n't ! The cartoonish characters are annoying , but the whole `` beat up a millionaire '' concept is n't even funny . The only thing you 'll want to beat up is yourself for buying this game.The only game I 've seen that 's worse than this is Survivor .
 This game is an insult to your intelligence . I played once and put it away for good . Worst game I 've ever played .
 I played this game on the PS2 and it was fun for about 5 minutes . I do n't imagine it will be too much different for xbox . It got tiring so fast because you could love tap another vehicle and you would have wrecked and had to start at the same spot with a new car all the while your opponents are passing you at 120mph . This makes it seemingly impossible .
 This game is good as ice cream ! You drive smash , drive , wreck the car , drive , drive fast ! It has all that a gamer needs ! I recommend it , and USE it !
 This is the worst game I have ever played ! First of all I dont know what the point of the game is . Second of all the Grafics are terrible , i mean horrible . The cars were unpoportional and the over all grafics were BAD ! I mean I have seen Nintendo 64 games that looked better then this ! If You are looking for a Racing game for the X Box I fully recommend not to waste your money on this game because I Truly believe it is THE WORST GAME EVER !!
 I tried to like this game . I really did . One of my all-time favorite games was the underrated Tetrisphere on the N64 . My friend and I would sit there for hours playing the darn thing , day after day , week after week . It has the perfect learning curve . The game kept getting harder and harder and you really had to put a lot of effort into the later levels , but you prevailed in the end if you tried hard enough and developed a good strategy . One more important thing ... it was FUN ! This game , on the other hand , is too repetitive to be fun for very long . `` Zoocube '' is honestly quite enjoyable for about the first 6-8 hours of gameplay you put into it . Matching up identical animal shapes on a cube probably does n't sound like much but you 're always trying to get better and advance to the next level . It can be interesting in a certain sort of obsessive way for a while . The problem is ... it is extremely difficult . I 'm an experienced gamer of over 20 years and it took me an eternity to beat the game on the easiest setting . Sure ... there 's a feeling of accomplishment after that , but you realize that you hardly enjoyed the game while you were playing . There are seven levels you have to proceed through ... one for each of the world 's oceans . Beating those levels unlocks an eighth bonus level -LRB- Gulf of Mexico -RRB- . Other than checking that bonus area out , the replay factor is almost nothing.Unfortunately , some game developers believe that if they make their game extremely difficult then the replay value will be high because you will never be done with it . Perhaps there are people out there who really enjoy that . I do n't . You can play the game on 7 different speed settings but unless you 're superhuman , the higher settings are all but impossible to get through.Ultimately , the frustration factor is high with this game and you will probably end up becoming disgusted with it . That just is n't fun . I would recommend renting it if you can find it . However , unless you are a die hard puzzle fanatic , do n't waste your money buying it . You 'll likely give up trying to get past the outrageously difficult and boring levels and your game will just sit around collecting dust .
 This is not what i thought it was going to be . I never play it and my kids wo n't play it and my mom wo n't play it my dad wo n't play it .
 Upon purchasing this rather dissatisfying video gaming device I was not surprised to find that this was the worst game ever .
 It is a bad game . No need to go into detail , it 's just a bad game .
 There is pretty much no reason to buy this memory card at this point . Nintendo -LRB- whose products are always incredibly reliable -RRB- has already released their Memory Card 251 , which has more than twice the storage space for only $ 5 more than this card . First-party memory cards are virtually ALWAYS more reliable and stable than products from other companies . Plus , the Memory Card 251 is the same shape and size as the Memory Card 59 , which is smaller than this InterAct memory card . There is basically NO REASON to buy this memory card . Just spend the extra $ 5 on a card that is better in every respect .
 I bought this card in January , and used it off an on for several months . It worked great , my data was always intact . Now , I 've been using the card with my GameCube on an almost daily basis , and nearly everytime I start the GameCube up , whatever game I have in there informs me that the memory card is corrupt and must be formatted.I have not found a solution , and the card has rendered itself useless . I regret saving a few dollars on a subpar memory card . I have not had any issues of this nature with genuine Nintendo cards .
 You spend 30 hours playing Skies or Arcadia and over 100 hours on Super Smash Brothers Melee ... then get this memory card and transfer the saves to it then go to bed.Come down in the morning and the damned this is corrupt so you have to format it.Play a game ... reboot the Gamecube and it is corrupt again.Not worth the money ... avoid at ALL costs !
 Good price for the card , unfortunately it goes corrupt every 2-3 days . . I would reccommend you spend a few extra dollars and go with the actual Nintendo card . This one just doesnt cut it . We are buying the memory card 251 !! I would reccomend you do the same .
 We decided on a PS2 over the newer PS3 and Wii due to the price and the good availability of games you can still get for PS2 . Ecco was one of our first choices for a good family game . It 's nonviolence and beautiful graphics and learning of dolphin culture are outstanding . Having said that , the game is too difficult for the youngsters in our group and even the adults are not impressed with the cumbersome `` charge '' mode that is not very effective on sharks . The map is not of much value . We quickly grew frustrated with it , overall . : -LRB-
 My initial review : I do n't dislike Ecco , but the controls and graphics are somewhat over-rated . The underwater scenes are not as convincing as they should be for the PS2 . Also , the challenges sometimes seem like tedious buys work . I would recommend this game for those looking for something different , but it is not on my `` must have '' list.Added 05/27/02 : After trying to play this game for a few weeks , I have learned to hate it . Save your money , this game is of poor quality and can be very frustrating .
 the game did not work , it was completely covered in scratches . tried it on multiple systems with no success . this sucks .
 I did n't like this game , because being older than the average video game player , I 'm not smarter than the games most of the time . Anyways , I thought this would be fun , and I 'm sure it would be if I could figure it out . I even have trouble getting Ecco to swim where I want him to . I do n't have too much trouble steering in other games , just this one . I do n't recommend it if you are n't an avid video game player .
 This game is n't good . It 's nothing like the original games for Genesis . Want to play good games ? Then get Ecco the Dolphin , Ecco 2 The Tides of Time , and Ecco Jr. for Genesis .
 This is nothing but a bunch of politicaly correct,tree-hugging enviromentalist crap !! All you do is swim around and uhm swim around and ahhh ... yeah swim around.Your `` weapon '' is that annoying,finger-nails-against-a-chalkboard skreetch : EEEEEHHHH EEEIII EEEEE !!! I purposely died throughout the game just to see him float belly up to the surface ... Ecco the dolphin needs to stop making video games ... and go get beached or caught in a net ...
 This is the absolute worst game ive ever played . . . I mean , who wants to swim around as a dolphin ... i mean , how do you kill people ? Do you just like go `` EEE EEE eeeeee '' and then the die and float up to the surface ? I just dont see the point !!! This is like gamecube material , man ! ... i mean this game just proves it . Ecco the dolphin ... ugggghhhh !
 I give this game a NEGATIVE 2 STARS . The gameplay is slugish and the characters look TOO cartoonish , like a Mr. T cartoon . WWF RAW is much better and I 'm sure WWE RAW 2 will be certainly better also when it comes out . AND to make it even WORSE you come out to some generic music , you do n't come out to the wrestlers classic theme music . This game is bootleg . PLEASE BUY WWF RAW and/or WWE RAW 2 when it comes out . I 'm begging you . Read my reveiw on WWF RAW and HOPEFULLY see why its much better , people say this is better ? All you need to do is get the hang of how to play RAW and You 'll love it . I admit there is a lack of matches such as ladder matches , TLC matches , Royal Rumble , but this game does not have it either .
 I got this game for the PS2 . X-box games tend to have better graphics and sometimes extras features , but never are that far different from what they are on other systems.Now the concept of this game is fantastic ! Any wrestling fan 's dream come true to be able to be so many different past superstars , some of which are no longer with us . Unfortunately , Acclaim -LRB- makers of the game -RRB- , despite creating a new grappling system for this game , still fail at making a great grappling system , so you 'll find moves to be very difficult to perform a lot of times . Graphics are on the cartoony side , which did n't really bothered me much and are actually quite good.You have nowhere near the match options other wrestling games of today , like WWF games , have . no cage match , ladder match , or even barbwire matches.Overall , if your a long time wrestling fan , buy this game . Your appreciation of the old wrestlers featured in it will justify the purchase , but if your not a wrestling fan or are more into the new style of wrestling and do n't really know any of the wrestlers in the game , pass on it . You 'll more than likely not like it .
 This has got to be one of the worst games i have ever played . The action is slow , there are few moves , and is just plain boring .
 This is a alright game.The game play is good.They could have made the season mode little more intersting.The only thing that I thought was cool was that you could use youre own music .
 Is it just me , or are wrestling games getting tired and old , I mean , it seems like fights drag on for hours , and the fighting system ai n't that great either . Of course , there are those that break the bond , like the new GC wrestler coming up with cell-shaded graphics , or the always fun Def Jam Vendetta , if you want a wrestling game , go with the creative ones , not tired boring ones like these .
 Wow , there 's so much to say . This is probably the worst game I have played in a very long time . The idea of bringing back old , washed up wrestlers is an awesome idea . I rented -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- Legends of Wrestling because it had the old Hulk Hogan and many of my favorite wrestlers of yesteryear on the cover . However , when I brought it home , I was very disappointed . The graphics are so-so , the collection of wrestlers is n't all that great , there is a lack of good movie footage , load time is terrible , game options are terrible , and so much more . When the game is loading , it shows a series of about 10 different wrestlers still 3d pics , which is _ very _ annoying . The worst thing is gameplay . The wrestler is so hard to control , it 's unbearable . The wrestling moves are pathetic . Pretty much everything about this game is pathetic . Do n't buy this game unless you want to waste your money .
 Please buy WWF RAW because it is a 4 or 5 star game . I 'll say 4.3 Stars for WWF RAW because a lack of match variety , but other than that RAW IS GREAT . LEGENDS OF WRESTLING IS -LSB- bad -RSB- you have to buy moves and wrestlers through earning `` points '' through making so far through different `` levels '' of the game . Not only that THE WRESTLERS DO NOT come out to their classic ENTRANCE MUSIC , they come out to some GENERIC MENU MUSIC ... , WWF RAW is A whole lot better ... TRUST ME !
 Don `` t believe the hype . This is just like High Heat 2003 for the GBA ; one field , 30 background images . Baseball Advance has the 4 best fields -LRB- Fenway and Wrigley for classic , Safeco and Pac Bell for new -RRB- so you can hit off the green monster etc. . High Heat is the king of PC baseball , but for the portable -LRB- wonder why the Pocket PC `` s don `` t have a version -RRB- , it `` s GBA Baseball Advance . You `` ll even enjoy playing the whole season , makes the trip to the gym more fun , on the bike and stair stepper anyway : - -RRB-
 I have all 3 baseball games for the gameboy advance , and was hoping for more from All Star Baseball . Like High Heat , there is only 1 true stadium ; all the others are just background pictures . That 's one of the cool things about Baseball Advance , even though there are only 4 stadiums , they 're the best ones . 2 classic -LRB- Fenway , Wrigley -RRB- and 2 new -LRB- Safeco and Pac Bell -RRB- . Even with last year rosters , baseball advance has the best gameplay . High Heat 2003 for the computer is the best bar none , but for the gameboy advance not quite .
 Graphics
 I have all 3 baseball games for the gameboy advance , and was hoping for more from All Star Baseball . Like High Heat , there is only 1 true stadium ; all the others are just background pictures . That 's one of the cool things about Baseball Advance , even though there are only 4 stadiums , they 're the best ones . 2 classic -LRB- Fenway , Wrigley -RRB- and 2 new -LRB- Safeco and Pac Bell -RRB- . Even with last year rosters , baseball advance has the best gameplay . High Heat 2003 for the computer is the best bar none , but for the gameboy advance not quite .
 I was really looking forward to playing this game , but it left me wanting more . The graphics are great , but it 's extremely difficult to hit the ball , which other reviewers have pointed out as well . Sure , it 's good to have a challenge , but this is just too difficult . The pitching and fielding is easy to master , but hitting -- which in a video game is 95 % of the fun -- is just too damn hard . Save your money .
 I was really looking forward to playing this game , but it left me wanting more . The graphics are great , but it 's extremely difficult to hit the ball , which other reviewers have pointed out as well . Sure , it 's good to have a challenge , but this is just too difficult . The pitching and fielding is easy to master , but hitting -- which in a video game is 95 % of the fun -- is just too damn hard . Save your money .
 So I have need for speed Carbon for the Xbox and Wii . This version for the Nintendo DS is nothing like the versions of the game on the actual big consoles . Controls are difficult and hard to get used to the game is extremely boring and you play for about 10 min . and nothing happens.I played for about 20 min . and had to put it down because it was not fun at all . And I have not played since .
 My son and I love to play the daily puzzle of the game of SET at the website setgame.com . Naturally we were excited to see that this version listed `` Includes online play '' as a feature , because we have multiple PC 's at home on our home network.The CD version I received gives the error message `` Sorry , your IP address is invalid for this Demo Version '' when we try multi-player mode . Then I realized communications options lists only 3 modem speeds - 1200 , 2400 and 9600 baud.Cmon folks - This is the year 2005
 when I open it and put it in the gamecube it did not work , disc game error . I am trying to pulish it . I pulish it and is working but i do n't think that this should happen with a used game buyed on such a nice store .
 Sometimes , racing games always seems to be exactly all alike from each other every single time . That comes within the feel of the race and thensome . For Burnout , the game actually seems to falter a bit through the lines . Largely because the game is one of the most lackluster video racing games ever . Not only that , the game also has its replays in crashes more likely than the game itself . Although they are nice , the feel of getting first place is really not there in this game at all . Instead , you 're mostly draging around in the mud . The object of the game is for you to race and not only capture first , but also fill your boost meter to the max , by closely missing each of the ongoing cars . It does seem to falter a bit , and also the game is not the best in control . I strongly suggest you pass up this game , and instead get Mario Kart
 Well this game is ok ! But its way too hard . I rented it last night and dident mind about it . It is easy to crash and way too easy to run out of time .
 I really regret purchasing this game . Good idea , poor implementation.The back cover leads you to believe that the game is all about terrific crashes . In the game itself , the crashes are far from spectacular , and after a few crashes you 're tired of seeing the tri angle view . The car models themselves are only marginally destructable , and the environment is not destructable at all , leaving you wishing you could skip the instant replay of the boring crash scenes.I spent the first few minutes of the game going through menus to turn off the terrible music . Graphically , the game is anything but impressive.I would n't reccomend this title to anyone , it seems as though little to no effort went into the development of this game .
 This is hands down the most exciting racer on the cube for a sheer sense of speed . The graphics are good , the physics are great and the crashes are fun to watch . Other than affording too little damage to the vehicles involved , the crashes appear to be fairly realistic with a bit of added flair . The cars also have pretty varied feels and handling . All of this makes for a very fun game , especially in multiplayer , which allows up to four simultaneous players . I have one complaint in that the screen space for the 3 or 4 player mode is very small and Acclaim could give more room to the action than the meters and numbers on the screen.As other reviews have mentioned , the repeated crash replays do get a bit annonying and can not be turned off . This is not , in my opinion , the most serious problem , however . The thing that really ruins this game is the overly-sensitive checkpoints that must be passed in time in order to continue with the rest of the course . I have a lot of video game experience , and I have a hard time believing those who say they have finished the game in a day or two . I and three other decent video game players have worked on this game for multiple weeks and all of us repeatedly fail to make the same checkpoint on two of the initial tracks -- Harbor Town in particular . There seems to be one section of each track where the time afforded for the next checkpoint is unreasonable . One single crash -LRB- which are not infrequently caused by the AI drivers -RRB- or a loss of a couple of seconds on a curve or railing will always cause you to fall short and end your game . This usually occurs near the end of the last lap and often happens even when you appear to have built up time through the race . As you watch the crash replay multiple times , your hope of continuing vaporizes . This has caused several friends to vehemently hate this game even though they think the gameplay is really fun . If you ca n't continue because of one little mistake -LRB- which may not even be your fault -RRB- it quickly becomes unnecessarily frustrating . This sole feature turns a really great racer with great gameplay into a frustrating nightmare where only virtual perfection lets you finish the race . It quickly goes from fun to infurating -- and that 's not necessary.I really hope that Acclaim gets a clue and either allows the checkpoint feature to be turned off or loosens it up a bit . I 'm open to the possibility that I just stink . However , looking at comments on the web and my friends ' reactions , the checkpoint requirements are too strict and , frankly , ruin the game.I love the gameplay , but I 'm tired of having to be stuck unable to unlock championships . My friends and I are tired of not being able enjoy a full race with everyone in multiplayer because of stringent checkpoint times . Because of this , I 'm ready to move on . I 'll be very wary of another Acclaim racer on my next purchase .
 I lucky I rented this before I purchased it because the game is really boring and there is only a couple of vehicles to use.I almost blew ... alot of money but , instead I got Super Smash Bros. . . The crashes are stupid , the hood gets a LITTLE DENT and the windows crack.I do n't like games that time you either.I would recomend you to get Super Smash Bros. . Melee or Starwars Rogue Leader or SSX Tricky , because those are the best games on Gamecube so far ... there are lot 's of new games coming out so just wait.When I rented Burnout ... I thought that the crashes would be better , the graphics would be better , the sound would be better , the gameplay would be better , but all of it was WORSE!Graphics :4.5 / 10Sound :3.5 / 10Gameplay :2 / 10dumb
 I remember seeing the previews of this game and thinking that this could be one of the first good racing games that i 've seen in a while , yet it was just another let down . I started playing and i decided to get into an accident to go along with the theme of the game , it was nothing special and yet i still lost controll of the game . i went on and every single crash you get into , no matter how small , will cause you to loose controll of the game to go into some replay , and that is the single handed most annoying feature i have seen in an game . the graphics are nothing special and dido for the controlls and gameplay . if you want a good racing game go to something like rumble racing and do n't waste your time on this garbage .
 I have to admit that I am probably jaded . I got Burnout 2 -LRB- B2 -RRB- before getting Burnout 1 -LRB- B1 -RRB- and there is a world of difference . Now , if I had gotten B1 when it first came out , I might have been impressed . But , now , there is no way I would trade them . B2 has much better graphics , better sound , slightly better control . B1 takes too long for many races . It forces you to see crashes way more often than you want to . I did not find B1 any `` harder '' than B2 , just more annoying . The jaggies on B1 make it hard to see detail , so that makes B2 so much more impressive -LRB- it runs on the same hardware -RRB- . Only get B1 if you want the `` full '' Burnout experience and/or are trying to be records -LRB- the latter is my perspective , obsessive-compulsive person that I am -RRB- .
 Being a car enthusisist since I was a child I always look forward to new racing video games . Nintnedo , however , has never truly delivered in this genre . Playstation still being the leader with the GT series , has always been my favorite choice for racing games.When I saw Burnout at the local video store I thought I would give it a chance . Upon first inspection I was a little dissappointed at the car selection . No name brand make and models here . Only generic representations of muscle cars , sports coupes , etc. . Very uninspired representations at that.The action starts and looks very similar to most racing games . You get the standard first person , third person view selections . The racing environment graphics are slightly above average , and fairly realistic in some tracks , but you 'd expect better from a game machine with the raw power of the Gamecube . The car models leave a lot to be desired . The uninspired designs are nicely rendered , with a really low polygon count for a GC game , but lack the detailed textures that made games like GT and GT2 cars so awesome . Graphic flaws asside , which I really do n't chide the developers for so much , I mean this is still considered a first gen title . I really should give the developers props for trying to bring the racing genre to the Gamecube being that this was such an undersupported genre for the N64 , but one flaw can not be overlooked.I know the developers thought gamers might enjoy this feature , I mean without it all it is just another copy of Nintendo 's own Crusin ' series , which seriously needs to make an appearance on the Gamecube pretty soon too might I add . Everytime the action gets heated , and you as the gamer really start to get drawn into the game and actually starting to enjoy it , you wreck . I know wrecks are a common part in all racing games . They slow you down , dissorientate you and sometimes take you out of the lead . You always recover though . Mash the accelerator button and steer your vehicle back onto the road and go for it . However , this little gem insists on totally stoping the action to show you your wreck in slow motion from four different angles and taking up to five seconds away from your clock . Being an arcade style racer where you have upward to 30 to 45 seconds to haul asphalt to the next checkpoint , that five seconds could mean the difference between victory and shutting off you Gamecube in total disgust . Although an interesting feature at first , it totally takes you out of the game after awhile.The developers should have built in ways to manage this weak , frustrating feature . I was hoping the option menu would hold the key to shutting off this feature , but no . You must sit and watch every single wreck you engage in . After a while I could n't stand it . It totally makes the game unplayable , at least for the serious racer anyway.For the casual gamer looking to kill a weekend with a rental , this game is for you . However , if your like me , used to kicking serious butt with your painstakingly modified Camaro SS on Gran Turismo 2 , then avoid this game . Trust me , it 's not worth the frustration . Hopefully , the Gamecube will prove to be THE system for racers , time can only tell . For now we will just have to wait , and hopefully some developer will release a racing game worthy enough to be played on the Gamecube .
 This game ist the great big deal there are saying . The game only has 10 levls and 5 are the other-way-aroun version of the last five . The cars are not cool they suc and the graphics are ok not wow . they dont rewrd bad drivng they just give u a turbo if u pass clos to a car at a hgh speed . if u crash it takes away turb . You get like 20 secs per checkpoints and if u crash u loose like 3 seconds . if u dont like checkpoints it isnt ur game . there are only like 7 cars u can drive . its not a good game at all . Its too expensive for what it is .
 I gave Burnout 1 star beacause it did n't use the car 's names . It used the janaric name of the cars like sportscar and pickup . That alone cost the at least one star . Second , I did n't think that the game presented a real chalange like other racing games such as Need For Speed do . In those games you get points for doing things like placing in races , but you do n't get that in Burnout . You also have different options in NFS that you do n't get in Burnout . You can Be the Cop and catch the annoying speedsters . In my opinion , you just get a better quality of game in NFS . I would say not to buy this game . If you like a real racing game , Burnout is a poor choice .
 this game is hands-down the best racer for GC . but there 's a major flaw . this game took me about 3 days to beat , after you unlock everything theres really nothing left to do but 2 player mode which dries up easily . and the AI isnt NASCAR worthy . this game is great for renting but not for buying.-Peace
 this game is so incredibly bad it should be a crime to sell it . i am referring to the ps2 version , but i doubt there were any improvements made to the gcn port . do not let anyone tell you otherwise ... this is a bad game . if it were possible to give it negative stars i most certainly would.now for the reason why . the advertisements give every indication that the crashes are realistic . while that is the only statement that may be true , let me tell what is n't . this game is no fun . i do not like a linear racing game of this sort . the crashes are fun to see the first time . after that it becomes tedious to watch not one , not two , but three angles of the same crash.let 's take out the crash effects . what you are left with is a horribly bad race game . it can be beaten easily.steer clear of this money robbing hack job of a game .
 There are better cards out now with better memory
 This card is the worst ! I had gotten really far in a lot of my games and then my files are corrupted . Buy the 251 instead of this piece of garbage . The 251 is the same price , but has more than twice the space and it actually works ! If I could , I would have given this zero stars .
 I Hate this game so much here are a 4 reasons why this game sux wind ! - The controlls sux ! - when you hit other players in the private it makes a rubber ducky sound-Create a legend sux ! - if your looking for a good wrestle game get wrestlemania 19 or X8
 When i bought it , it thought it would be great but ... . the wrestlers look great but do n't look like the real wrestlers on which they are supposed to look . And where did they get that fake entrance music it is really bad ... The wrestlers do n't have many moves -LRB- it 's a pity to say that when you are trying a difficult move , your move will always be reversed by the other wrestler . . it 's frustrating -RRB- ...
 It has some Legendary wrestlers on it , but the gameplay is the worst Ive ever played . I am more used to the gameplay of games like wrestlemania 2000 and wwf no mercy . Do yourself a favor and rent this game before you buy it .
 Do n't bother with this game . Get Def Jam Vendetta . It 's much better than this game on its worst day .
 This is a horrible game and a total waste of money .
 I love this sport . However , this game SUCKS ! It 's boring and the graphics are horrible . When I bought this I was expecting Tony Hawk on skates , it was n't . To all you potential buyers I recommend that you SAVE YOUR MONEY . I suggest that you buy ROLLING instead , it is way better than this .
 Like actual `` super extreme '' inline skating - this game sucks . Let 's see , they 're stuck on my feet , it 's not hard , and they 're stuck on my feet !
 If the game were on skateboarding I 'd give it 4 stars , but it 's about inlining . I have no desire to play this game because it 's a game on inlining , the least respected and goofiest among `` extreme '' sports . I 'm just going to wait for THPS4 , at least it 's a game about an amazing sport . I 've never once wished I could be a great inliner , but skateboarding yes .
 All you do in this game is build rollercoasters ! There are no money to make or customers to ride your coaster that you 've worked so hard to build . I was fooled at the time I bought this game by the pics with the ferris wheel , concession shops , and themepark stuff in the background ; I thought it was a tycoon/sim game . The game calls these nonfunctioning buildings `` props . `` The good thing about the game is the detail they put into the coasters like banking curves , vert . and lat . G 's , and speed . The flaws I 've seen is that you have to go 70 mph to go thru a simple vertical loop . Now that 's crazy . Also , the graphics are good , and the ride-your-own-coaster is descent ...
 Why , I purchased 1 month ago and still have not recieved it . I have been givin 3 different delevery dates . Funny that after I changed my shipping to ONE day they added 2 days to the delivery date . Needless to say this is the LAST item I ever buy from here .
 But I 'm not sure I 'll like it as much as others seem to , since I do n't work PR for Disney .
 Deathbots is an unlicensed title about a bunch of robots who have gone rogue so you have to put on a big metal suit and put an end to it . So yes there is a pretty basic plot here about robot revolt . The game itself is an overhead shooter where you simply go from room to room and from stage to stage taking out bad guys and picking up weapons . I really like how you can pick up different items and save them for later but that 's about where the fun stops . Just getting the doors to open to go to the next room is a total headache as you walk back and forth endlessly before they finally open . In addition there seem to be lots of mines littered throughout the game which are oftentimes placed at points which are literally impossible to avoid . Throughout the game it is also quite common to run by a computer screen you did n't see which will simply say that you do n't have access . Other than that these computers have no purpose whatsoever in the game ! The difficulty here is sky high and in the end you 'll probably just end up running straight through the levels trying to reach the end . The graphics and sound are n't too bad for an unlicensed game but that 's about it , avoid this at all costs or you yourself will want to meet death.For more of my reviews go to -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Worst game in the world . Plain and simple . Do n't buy it .
 Disney continues to market games with graphics that would have been considered to be poor over 10 years ago . It 's amazing to me how they can charge so much for such a terrible product . The only recent game that I 've seen that was worse than this is Disney 's Lilo & Stitch Trouble in Paradise !
 WOW ! This sewing machine is very nicely made and it 's so easy to make clothes with ! In fact , I think I 'll buy the whole set of these to give to my friends and hopefully spread the word with how good they actually are ! So far I 've made 20 pairs of pants within one hour ! Seriously , the product is THAT good ! I recommend this sewing machine to anyone and everyone who loves to sew ! Oops ! Wrong review !
 RETARDED GAME !!! 1 WHY DOES GOKU HAVE TO GET KILL BY A HARMLESS LITTLE SQUIRREL OR A SNAKE ?!!! WHY IS IT THAT DURING THE FIGHT WIT RADITZ PICOLO SAYS `` ALRIGHT LETS DO THIS '' BUT HE DOESNT EVEN MOVE ?!!! WHY THE FREAKING HELL WOULD GOKU GO AND SAVE A STUPID LITTLE KIDS TOY BOAT WHEN HIS OWN SONS LIFE IS AT STAKE ? I GUESS GOKU IS PLAIN RETARDED ! SO HERES WHAT I DID
 Although the game was kind of fun , it was really short and took me less than 3 hours to beat . The highest level you can get to is 25 , and after you beat the game there are no special features , like starting over with everything you have or getting to be a supersaiyon the whole game ! Also the supersaiyon ability only raises your speed , you do n't even get stronger ! Overall , the game is n't one to waste -LSB- $ $ -RSB- on . I think if it went down to about -LSB- half price -RSB- then you might want to consider it.P.S . Your Kamehameha wave goes half way across the screen anddisappears !
 I love DBZ as much as any other Anime fan but this game just -LSB- stinks -RSB- . I 'll admit the graphics are good looking and it is cool to play through the world of DBZ , But that is where it ends . If you look deeper into the game you will see that it has multiple flaws . First off , it does n't follow the story of DBZ exactly so if you are looking for that then do n't play . -LRB- Since when does King Kai teach Goku Kamehameha . -RRB- . Second , the hit detection in it is horrible . I have taken multiple cheap shots , and the punching and energy blasts rarely hit . You can beat the game by merely using 2 moves over and over again . The fun factor quickly wears off and all your left with is a semi-acceptable action/adventure/rpg game . Buy only if you are a hardcore DBZ fan .
 For crying out loud . IT is so short . A real game lasts at least 7 hours . THe world is really limited so u cant have fun just exploring , it is pathetic . Make a fighting game , it will last longer . REplay value is next to none . I mean come on . This game is so sad . Dont get it . INFrogames has made great games , civillization etc , but this is clearly not one of them .
 This game was way to short . It does fallow the story pritty well , but you only learn three energy moves . All the bad guys sometimes just sit their in the middle of fighting and you can hit them as much as you want . You can only punch , youi ca n't kick . You never actually train exept for at king kie 's . Do n't buy this game , it 's not worth it even if you love DBZ .
 As a DBZ fan it pains me to say it but this game -LSB- disappointed -RSB- ... at first I was really enjoying it but then it began to get painfully slow ... chunks are skipped in it , the saiyan saga for instance involving Vegeta and Nappa was far too short , and most areas seemed to repeat , this game is short and I would n't recommend it to anyone who wanted something worth-while , this is a bad investiment for your hard earned cash , but if you do buy it keep the receipt , it 's so short that you CAN and probablly will complete it within one day , two at the most ... lets hope the other 's in this series -LRB- when they 're released -RRB- are ALOT better ...
 I , like everyone else on who has posted a review , been an avid DB , DBZ , and DBGT fan for years . When I first played this game I was impressed , good graphics and it seemed to follow along well with the story ... then Radditz kidnapped Gohan , so Goku then flew on Nimbus to talk to ChiChi and then mentioned sometihng about not stepping on snakes . I then proceeded to walk into the woods , where I was killed by a cat . The strongest guy in the world , afraid of snakes and killed by a cat . While the game tries to match the DBZ story , it adds some extra things like the aforementioned that are absolutley ridiculous . Apparently , your only two types of attacks are punches and various ki-blasts that you learn as you level up . You also level by killing enemies -LRB- which never happened for me becuase I quit playing it -RRB- and by interacting with characters , which is stupid for an rpg . Overall , nice try , but a -LSB- junky -RSB- game . I think that a good American DBZ game should be like a fighting tournament type game -LRB- like DBGT Final Bout or even better a Soul Caliber or Street Fighter type game with DBZ characters -RRB- on a system like the PS2 or Xbox . But if yo must play a DBZ rpg I suggest buying a Japanese import of one , this game -LSB- stinks -RSB- pretty hard .
 POPS
 `` Dragonball Z
 `` This is n't so bad ... Is that a rabbit ? I think it might be a squirrel actually ... ITS EATING MY FLESH ! IM DEAD ! SPECTACULAR ! '' That 's basically a short summary of this game . Talk about boring . You can die to the harmless butterflys if they touch you . Honestly , this game is terrible . To beat monsters you have to take damage or use up all your kai . To beat bosses you have to do some crappy solar flare 50 million times , hit them with 6 punches max , then run and do it over again .
 I am a huge fan of DBZ , so when I learned that they were going to make a GBZ game , I practically jumped out of my seat . And I played the game , and I died because of a wolf . A WOLF-DOG THING !!! Goku , killed by a wolf . I mean , come on , even in the beginning of Dragonball , Goku could beat up wolves without trying.Also , this game is pretty short . If you use the invincibility code I found , you can beat it in under 40 minutes . What kind of game is that . And they call it a good game.And you can only get up to the Frieza saga ! Honestly , I think we should have at least been able to get up to the Cell saga . Buu would be even better.And another thing ! KING KAI teaches him the Kamehameha !! And this wierd old dude teaches him the Solar Flare !! They screwed up the whole thing . You are the one who kills Jeice , not Vegeta ! And Ginyu 's supposed to switch bodies with Goku ! And Goku is n't even supposed to start fighting Frieza until he 's in his 4th form ! They did n't show Vegeta dying ! Goku 's the one who BURIED him !! And the character goes so slow !!! URRRGH !! I got so mad at the stinking thing!And I dunno if it was a glitch or not , but in the HFIL , there 's a wall you can walk through.The one good thing
 The game is not worth the money at all . If your a fan or not a fan of `` Dragonball Z '' you have to get a DBZ game for a console that is bigger and better . The game is stupid , it is not like TV series . Your supposed to have help while battling with foe , but your friends in the game just stand there while your getting killed . I made the mistake of getting the game , I hope you do n't make the same mistake .
 If you like DragonBall Z the show , and you bought this game , you would know exactly why i think this . EVERY single thing in it is off course to the show . The very first things you fight are wolves , but for some reason , they made it so the wolves can kill you in 2-3 shots when you have to punch them 50 times to kill one . Also , when you fight Radits , piccolo says `` lets do this already '' he dose n't do one thing to help you . He just sits there watching.Another dumb thing about the game is that you have to do little side missions such as saving a boy in the forest . When Goku is going to fight Napa and Vegeta in the episodes , do you see goku helping people getting a toy boat or saving little boys in the forest . I THOUGHT NOT!The Game is very short and easy too . You can go to a level of 25 . There is one challenging thing in the game and you will find that out on your own.This is the worst game ever . DO NOT BY IT ! . It will make you hate Dragon Ball Z.
 About the game : Dragon ball Z the legecy of Goku is a game about everything until frezas difeat in the show or if you have n't seen the show the fist 100 or so episods witch is why its so amazing that the game is so short.It took me 2 days to finish a pro gammer , 2 hours mabey . With that I give you Dragon Ball Z the legecy of Goku.Graphics :1 This was not neerly as good as it could be . This would be adiquit for game boy but for GBA it just shows how hastily put together this was.Controls :6 This is its strongest point . The only bad part is goku the graetest fighter in the univers can baerly out run a crab . Bisides that the controls good.Gameplay :1 what is it that makes this area so bad the fact that while saving your child you take on sutch mini-quests as find a lost toy , pick flowers or find a cat is it that the hero can be found killing small woodland creaturs is it that sed creaturs beat you up repetedly no it that it 's soo short you will finish it on one set of bateres . This will take you 1 day.Bisids that its graet.sound :2 Your first diapointment is it dosent use the real music . In fact I wolde n't call it music so this colems over.overall :2
 do not get this game it is boring too short . I beat the game in a half a hour the second time i played it .
 The Dragon Ball Z cartoon series features awsome looking anime characters rapidly punching each other at 100ft in the air while flying at super human speeds and shooting out devestating exploding beams of god knows what . This game dosnt . This game has clunky piles of pixels that barely ever show any raid movement for characters , Two different attacks that all take time to charge up and can only be shot one at a time , 1 basic punch move , A main character that walks as if he broke his legs during a horrible standing accident , and background tunes that sound like what shrank your ears back in the days of NES . There are some neat anime senes in there sometimes , but still have the horrible background music blaring along with it . There are some moments with corny one-liners audio clips from the show but force you to look at the mudpuddle of a screen while listing to them . The graphics do feature some items and places that look alot like their anime counterparts in the show , but have a horrible looking ground of dots of sand/dirt color under them . The sound is also so bad , ... Come on ? You can put more effort into games than that ! This could have easily been done on a Game Boy Color . There are no pro 's I can say here . I dont understand how anybody can like this game . You trudge slowly through the terrain in the four cardinal directions , no diagnols , and shoot anything thats behind , in front of , or on your left or right sides . Dont buy this . Dont even bother to illegally download it for free or go to the trouble of even thinking of it . I should have said only that this whole time . Other than my complaing , thanks for reading through my complaing !
 Ok , this is a pretty fun game . That is true if you have never watched the TV show ! This game is not true at all to the real DBZ plot . I mean half of the darned game is spent doing deeds for people ! Oh , and when you do fight you are fighting little animals like toy snakes and get this
 This game is fun and all it has all teh characters in it but the story went by wayyyyyyy too fast and the game was only 3 to 4 HOURS LONG . i beat it in 2 days and i take my time on these but its still a fun game its just too short and quick ! Also you gain levels as in a RPG but the highest level u can reach is level 25 and u learn 3 moves out of the whole thing Ki Solar Flar Kameah . If i knew it would this short i would of RENTED it .
 This game -LSB- stunk -RSB- . I 've been watching DBZ even before Funimation bought the rights to it . I love playing video games . But this game -LSB- stunk -RSB- . First of all , the length of time you can fly is pathetic and there really is no need for in the game . I felt like it was forced into the game just because . The punch-or-ki blast fighting quickly became monotonous . I was very upset that goku learned the kame-hame-ha wave from King Kai . He could have learned either the spirit bomb -LRB- which I doubt would have taken little more effort than the measly ki shots they threw together -RRB- or the kaiokin attack . I did n't even get excited as I leveled up because it meant nothing except you did n't die like a PUNK ! Oh and it took me all of 5 hours to beat . Maybe I 'm asking for to much when I want a game with a little depth that has something to discover , like fighting skills or more than 3 energy attacks . Keep your money folks.Oh yeah the transformation to super saiyan was garbage . I would have at least use a clip from the anime . But hey , what do I know .
 It took me only 2 days to beat this game . And on top of that the game ends right after goku beats Frizea on Namek . That 's it . It 's just not worth the cost of the game .
 beat it in hours , got level 25 in 5 mins , waste of time , no doubt about it , they took like the time it took me to beat it to make this game .
 Okay , I 've been a big DBZ-fan since I was 13 . I 'm 17 now , and I still enjoy the show/comics . When I heard that an RPG of this was coming out for GBA , it looked rather cool ! But this game ... THIS IS HORRIBLE ! The storyline is dull and boring , the battle system gets old pretty fast , and you have to do other stupid ... stuff , side-quests that should instead be optional !! -LRB- like in the FF and Zelda series -RRB- . There 's some other things that are so wrong about this game . Another thing is that you have to fight Raditz in the beginning on your own while Piccolo watches and does n't do jack ! Also , it was quite a big mistake that INFOGRAMES did when you can get killed by animals ! -LRB- that would never happen in the show ! -RRB- and instead of landing near Gohan and Krillin when you reach Namek , you end up near a Namekian village and you have to do yet another dumb side-quest while Reccoom is probably continuing to beat the hell outta Gohan ! -LRB- that did n't happen in the show or comic either ! -RRB- . The characters are also messed-up looking alot of the times due to that they are all the same height and skinny ! I 'm so , SO glad that I did not buy this when it was released . Instead , I played it at my friend 's place and realized what everyone was talking about on how bad it really was ! The plot goes way too fast , and you 're only kept interested for about 5 mins . or so and then that 's it ! I do n't like the game and neither does he .
 This game is really terrible . When I first bought it I was expecting an RPG . But this ... this is pointless , there is no real stratergy invloved . It 's too easy , the graphics are terrible , and its not realistic . Since when does Goku learn Kamehameha from King Kai ? Also it isnt detailed enough . I mean , come on , when Frieza kills Krillen it all it does is make the screen flash and Krillen is gone ! I did n't even realise he was gone till I beat the game ! In conclusion this is a terrible game and do n't waste your money on it .
 Alright I was at TARGET and had to choose between two gamesDragon Ball Z Legacy of Goku or Golden Sun , I unfortunatly picked DBZ Legacy of Goku I was very happy when I first got it and I saw the little intro thing , to me I think that was probably the only thing they did ` nt mess up on . Otherwise if they were any more idiotic they proboly would of spelled Goku 's name incorrectly , and it was waayy to short for instance first your celebrating that you finally beat vegeta -LRB- finally -RRB- then all of the sudden your on Namek you are ` nt even stronger ! They skipped some of the most funniest episodes like when Goku got glued on top of the ship they could of at least shown some scenes from the various episodes . The only reason it took me a few weeks to beat it was because I was still not used the Ki system and got killed many many times by vegeta , raditz , and especially those wolves ! All and all Legacy of Goku is cute not to adventureres and pretty much just eye candy . It is a good game though but I still think I should of gotten Golden Sun ...
 Alright I was at TARGET and had to choose between two gamesDragon Ball Z Legacy of Goku or Golden Sun , I unfortunatly picked DBZ Legacy of Goku I was very happy when I first got it and I saw the little intro thing , to me I think that was probably the only thing they did ` nt mess up on . Otherwise if they were any more idiotic they proboly would of spelled Goku 's name incorrectly , and it was waayy to short for instance first your celebrating that you finally beat vegeta -LRB- finally -RRB- then all of the sudden your on Namek you are ` nt even stronger ! They skipped some of the most funniest episodes like when Goku got glued on top of the ship they could of at least shown some scenes from the various episodes . The only reason it took me a weeks to beat it was because I was still not used the Ki system and got killed many many times by vegeta , raditz , and especially those wolves ! All and all Legacy of Goku is cute not to adventureres and pretty much just eye candy . It is a good game though but I still think I should of gotten Golden Sun ...
 What ever you do do n't buy this game . The story line is very inaccurate and the game is boring and short . It took me about 4 hours to beat this game completely . I am a hardcore DBZ fan and I own all the PS games and this is by far the worst . This is a pretty bad start for Infogrames Entertainment .
 Im a hardcore gamer . I love dbz but unless your 6 do n't buy it.It is simple I 'm eleven and I beat it in an hour.This game simply is not even worth ten $ $ but I payed thirty . let me summarize the game 45 minutes . if you want to spend thiry $ on agood game buy super mario , or Golden sun even starwars is better than this
 Let 's lay it out straight
 This game was ok but u mostly spend time killing snakes , wolves , dinos . Also u get exp by talking and killing which takes lots of time , another is u have a limit to fly . The graphics r good but the game is short I beat it in hours . But it is OK .
 When I first saw this game on the bargain shelf at Hastings , I was thrilled . I thought , `` Yay , I can finally get this cool game at a cheap price . '' I drove home , popped the game in , and watched the opening movie . -LRB- A shortened version of the show 's opening -RRB- It was cool . I started playing . I played for a while , having fun controlling the most powerful sayain in the universe , when suddenly , I died . I had been killed by the most terryifying , the most hideous , the most evil creature in the whole galaxy ... a small dog.This happended a few mor times , until i finally got past that point , after which I thought , `` Hey , it 's okay , I 'll be able to level up and get better at beating these terrible dogs . `` At some point several days later I beat the final boss of the game , Freiza , then mentally shot myself in the head for ever buying this excuse for a game.The premise is simple . You move around with a top down view similar to Zelda . You can punch to kill enemies close up , or use a ki attack to attack them from afar . You gain three different ki techniques . The ki blast is a simply a shot of energy that hits enemies for less damage than a punch . Then there is the famous Kamehameha Wave which you get from King kai later in the game , regardless of the fact that Goku could use that attack in the show before he even knew that the King existed . Finally you learn the solar flare before your first fight , and before the K wave . this is where the game goes from being merely horrible , to being utterly , boringly terrible . Now fights with any enemy progress like this . Solar Flare . . punch enemy a few times ... RUN AWAY ! ... lather , rinse , repeat . That 's pretty much it . Not only that , but they give you lots of stupid tasks that were n't even in the show that range from slightly relevant -LRB- Returning lost artifacts to a Namek temple -RRB- to things that anyone going after a guy who kidnapped his son would never do . -LRB- Saving a girls kitty-cat -RRB- . These irrelevant tasks added to the mediocre gameplay , and imbalance of power between enemies turns what could have been a great game , into one of the worst experiences I have ever had in my gaming life . There goes about 5 hours of my life . The only way I can atone for this is by making sure that no one else goes through this torture . Run . . do n't walk . . away from any copy of this game . you will thank yourself later .
 I 'm a true DBZ fan but this games is a true discrace!Besides the fact that it only has one third the series on it , it waaaaaay to easy !!!! To tell the truth I must say that Ireccomend it to no one ...
 the game falls short of a great DBZ game you only get 3 attacks which are not powerful at all and in the beginning it 's pretty hard to kill wolves and currently I 'm stuck in the namek temple and the guyes in there are almost invincible but the grafics are ok I guess but it 's still a bad game rather spend your money on metroid fusion or Tekken advance thats about it it seems they are masking a bad game with a good theme .
 Well when i first got this game i thought it would be the best game of all time . i was wrong . It has boring gameplay and it is too short !!!! I beat this game in 8 hours!The best thing about this game is its graphics . But the rest is terrible . Ive seen better . Alot Better !!!
 Okay , here 's the `` scoop '' ... I saw this game at a local store near where I live , and , liking the DBZ series as much as I do , I spent my hard-earned money and bought it on impulse ... the game starts out while you are talking to all of your friends from Dragonball . After you walk around the very small island in a pointless quest picking up dirty mags for Roshi , Radditz comes and steals your son , Gohan . You call Nimbus and fly over to an island . There you fight crabs for experience , and eventually come to a town where you have some more dirty work to do ... you have to save a boy 's toy boat , get some flowers for a little boy who has a crush on a girl , and some other boring stuff ... in the forest you have to do some other not-so-dirty work ... saving an old man from an island , saving a dinosaur 's egg , and some other stuff ... but anyway after that you end up fighting Radditz , going to King Kai 's planet , going to earth to fight Vegeta and Nappa , then you go to Namek and do a temple quest and then fight Frieza.Here 's how you fight
 I think this game does not live up to the show . The only goodpart of the game is the cartoon at the begining . -LRB- which takes up40 % of the space on the game cartrige -RRB- But I have to say eventhough the cartoon is impressive to see on the GBA , it 's notworth buying the game .
 ... it is practicly an adventure game i do n't know where they got rpg because i 'm a big fan of both the hardest part was practicly turning on the game it self -LRB- i 'm acustom to it being on top -RRB- and after a while it gets pretty boring and what 's with goku not being able to beat up one wolf in dragonball he beats up an entire pack and now he can barily take on one and the freiza saga goku dos n't fight freiza in is first form he fights him in his last which is ok but not if there trying to stay true to the story and what hapend to the half way point now you just fight a really hungry lady -LRB- i forgot her name -RRB- instead of jurning threw the castle .
 when i was reading thru some gaming magazines , i saw a article for a dragonball z game coming to the gba . I was so excited becuase i am the big fan of dbz and since i havent been able to find the older dbz games , i thought well heres my chance to own a dragonball z game . i preodered this game long before it came out . when i finally got it i was so excited and couldnt wait to play it . Well after like 10 min , i just wanted to snap the game apart . First of all there were enemies that one - u can kill them with no problem or 2 - they can kill u with no problem . And the game is very very short . And they took out a lot of battls and stuff that was in the show . if you watched dbz from the first episode you will know what i mean . like u dont fight zarbon or any other of frezias main henchman . And in the show they fight vegeta a couple of times . in this u onlly fight him once . and they made some of the bosses just a little to hard . u have to hit them like more then 100 times . o and one last thing , they made the puzzles really easy except for one which made want to break the game . so what i am saying is dont waste your money . and if u really want to play it then rent it , you will beat it in the second day u have it or less . i would have gave it 1 star but its a dbz game .
 This game is awesome !! i love it , it plays true to the show , i admit it is pretty short but it is pretty fun Dragonballz Fans will lovee it , however if u do n't like dbz do n't bye it !! theres a cheat i know for the game i know , it will help u beat the game very easily . ...
 This game is horrible . For one thing , it 's short , about 3 hours , and it 's virtually impossible to beat without cheating . They should have a game that goes through yhe entire life of Goku , not in the middle of his life . If you want to buy this game to see how it is , go ahead , but it 's a waste of -LSB- money -RSB- .
 I would not reccommend this game to anyone except for an extreme fanatic of Dragon Ball Z . At first it 's kinda cool , considering that there have n't been many Dragon Ball games . Although I played it with my friend before a movie for half an hour , it proved to be a pathetic game.It was simply unentertaining . In the begginning you fight wolves and snakes . The problem is when a wolve spots you , he charges at you , and you ca n't get the freaken wolf away from you . you ca n't punch , because you 'll die first . You ca n't run because your too slow.The controls were kind of sloppy . and there was nothing too special about the graphics .
 This game is probably the worst game for GBA right now -LRB- there are some exceptions -RRB- . The only reason it 's popular is because the name contains `` Dragonball Z '' in it . The graphics are probably the best thing in this game and still do n't compare well to other GBA titles . Everything else is just -LSB- poorly designed -RSB- , including the story . You do tons of quests throughout the game . None of them have anything to do with the story . Kind of pointless if you ask me . The controls -LSB- made me angry -RSB- . You ca n't even walk diagonally and you run at the - same - speed as enemies . But luckily , their -LSB- poorly designed -RSB- AI makes them stop sometimes for no reason . Also , this has one of the worst hit detection systems I have ever seen . When you hit an enemy , it 'll look like you did , but you did n't . . which is really annoying . To top that off , there are only four moves . Three actually , since the punch is totally useless . Now , the music ... You barely even notice it . It just blends in or does n't even match some scenes . Well . . overall , this game is terribly easy . You could beat it in one day -LRB- 2-5 hours -RRB- and it has no replay value . This game is definitely not worth buying . It 's worth renting at most and maybe even that 'd waste your money .
 This game is hard and boring . U can fight many enemys and hardly ever lv up . One wolf can kill u in 4 turns and ud need like 10 . It gets pretty boring scince u cant hardly do nothin ' . Dont buy this game .
 Im a dbz fan . but this game stinks . vegeta is harder than freeza . is that possible !! I hate it . do n't buy it . i beat it in like 2 min and its to easy . dont buy it . even dbz fans . its cool at the beggining but the end is boring . u reach top level for goku half way through ...
 Ok , if you are a hardcore DBZ fan you will find problems very quickly . Number 1 ... . you can shoot energy out of your hands that could probably kill an average human being and later Freiza but at first you cant even kill a dumb dog . Next is the experience points . In any good RPG u need to get a lot of experience but in this experience is just given to you freely and it is very easy to get . Next , the fighting style is really gay . Instead of having controlled fighting for example in Golden Sun and the Breath of Fire series . They leave the fighting as an open attack like in the Zelda games . This works in Zelda but for this game it is everything but great . Finally , the game is just plain stupid . I know that Nintendo said that some of the plot would be different from the show , but even in the first 10 minutes the plot goes off on a tangent . There is never a lost kid u got ta save or a kid that looses his boat . There are never snakes in the woods and Goku never owns crabs . There is never a weird guy in the forest and there is never a little dog in the forest . If there was any rating lower than a one I would have to give it to this game.-DsD-Saiyan89for those of who konw me personally , you know wat this meansThis is meo and o
 Being a huge Dragon Ball Z fan , I was very excited about the release of this game , but I have to admit that I was a more than a little disappionted with the game . Most of the flaws have probably already been pionted out to you , such as the fact that a dog can -LSB- beat -RSB- Goku ... at the beginning of the game . Also , the flight and energy attack system just did n't serve the game justice . The fighting system , which mainly consisted of you punching your opponent , flying away , then punching him again , just did n't seem to sastisfy my desire to play as someone who could punch through a mountain . Also , it would of been nice to play as someone besides Goku . The game was n't all flaws , though . I did enjoy the nice graphics and true-to-the-anime story . All in all , this is a game that should be owned by all hard core DBZ fans -LRB- although they 'll probably hate it the most -RRB- and younger gamers . And it did pave the way for future American Dragon Ball Z games .
 I 'm a DBZ fanatic . I watch the show a lot and I was really excited when I first found out that there was going to be a DBZ game . But I never thought it would be so SHORT ! I mean , they could have at least put in more of the DBZ plot . I finished this game in 5 in a half hours . That had to have been the shortest game I have ever played . For one thing , Goku should have already known the kamehameha wave . He did n't learn it from king kai , he learned it as a child from master Roshi . Also the enemy AI is so stupid ! I mean a lot of times they would lose track of me even when I was right in front of them ! I could tell you a bunch of other problems but the bottom line is DO N'T BUY IT !! Renting it would be a much smarter desicion .
 If you 're a hardcore DBZ fan , egt the game because it has a great plotline , but otherwise , do n't . It 's extremly easy , you 'll beat it in mere hours , and gameplay is too easy .
 This game is too short.I beat it in 4 and a half hours.You only become a supersayan once and your only your speed increases.You do n't train in space.Don ' t get the game + _ +
 I expected more . For a 32-bit game and machine , it really did not deliver . If you 're a die-hard DBZ fan , you would be perturbed that Goku does NOT learn the Kamehameha -LRB- Turtle-style energy blast -RRB- from Master Roshi , but instead from King Kai . There are only 3 energy moves in this game -LRB- Ki blast , Solar flare , and Kamehameha -RRB- . The fighting , unlike classic RPGs -LRB- turn-based strategy -RRB- , consists of real-time running , dodging , and hitting . This could be explained because you only control and fight with Goku , and possibly because Infogrames was lazy in setting up a specific fighting mode within the RPG itself.Unless you consider yourself a pack-rat , do n't buy this game . Rent it , and finish it in a day.If for some reason , any Infogrames Entertainment game designers are reading this
 This is the worse DBZ game ever made . You have only a limited amount of Ki power and once you use it all up it takes forever to fill back up again . Whats worse , is that leveling up takes even longer ! Oh , and another stupid thing is that King Kai teaches Goku the kamehameha when really it was Master Roshi who taught him that . Finally , it 's so messed up . For example , when you 're about to fight Raditz Picollo says , `` Alright , let 's do this '' and he does n't even move . Do n't waste your time or money on this game like the kid in the commercial wasted time buying that fake set of plastic yellow hair .
 There once was a guy named Goku . He claimed to be the strongestman ever . Then he met a HARMLESS corn snake . he died after getting an ant hug.moral : DO N'T BUY ; _ ; . . . . . . IT IS POOoooOOOoooOOOP !!!
 First off this game is way way to short !! Also the controls were to sloopy . Lastly it skiped to many important things and you can only be Goku . I give this game one thumb ... . DOWN !!
 WOW ! This sewing machine is very nicely made and it 's so easy to make clothes with ! In fact , I think I 'll buy the whole set of these to give to my friends and hopefully spread the word with how good they actually are ! So far I 've made 20 pairs of pants within one hour ! Seriously , the product is THAT good ! I recommend this sewing machine to anyone and everyone who loves to sew ! Oops ! Wrong review !
 LEGECY OF GUKO SUXORZ BOXORZ BIG TIME ! IT TAKEZ ME 4 EVAR TO LEVAL UP AND WEN I DID THEH GAME BOY SP BLEW UP AN I GOT BURNT ! MY MUM TAKEZ ME TO TEH HOSPITOL AND TEH DOCTOR THREW PIE AT ME ! HE SAID EAT PIE !!!!! THE END !!!!!!!
 Dbz started as a comic book series in japan that got made into a show . Both were aimed at 12-18 year olds . Seeing it 's sucseess a company called funimaton poorly translated it and cut out lots of stuff so it 's now for 6-11 year olds and has lotls of horrible mechandice . This is one the poor money making schemes . I love the rich plot of DBZ . This has very few refrences to the plot . The fighting engine is simply unacseptable . Physical combat always kills you and chi combat takes Fooooorrrreeevvvver . The bosses always make you want to cremate this game . The side quest have nothing to with DBZ , but are the only mildly enertaining feature .
 So the great GBZ is out on GBA , The great Dragon ball Z -LRB- whose name has dared to stand next to Pokemon -RRB- has come out with a game well i who has never seen a single epesode or realy paid much attention , not out of spite but just never got around to it had to see what all the fuss is about and was very disapointed . granted die hard DBZ fans will find good in any thing that is DBZ but come on ... # 1 lame plot # 2 bad handeling # 3 what the hell kind of after life is that -LRB- in fact just thinking about it made me change from a 2 star to a 1 star -RRB- basicly put it 's a half -LSB- baked -RSB- zelda wan na be !!! ... DO N'T BUY THIS GAME FOLKS
 i 'm the biggest Dragonball Z fan ever . i was so disappointed in this game do n't buy this
 If u do n't have this game yet , then do n't even think about buying this game.y?Well iT VERY SHORT and when u charge up ur kamehame it wo n't go very far.Plus that has 3 different king of blast.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 This game stinks . You play as Goku and beat frieza , nappa , vegeta , etc. . . it does n't even go up to the cell games ! The worst part is , you spend most of your time training which is really boring . You have to train in order to beat all the villains . The training time is boring and takes forever !! You have no choice in being Goku or Trunks or Vegeta , and it basically follows the show . I would n't buy it if i was you ...
 The reason i say this is because the game lacks everything that is supposed to make a game good . I like dragonball ... do n't get me wrong , but this game had some horrible glitches that made the game just impossibly EASY ! , and it just went by way too quickly . I heard reviews for it saying that the world was just huge and it 's an epic adventure game , but that 's just bull . The world is small , and you go by every place so damn quickly . The whole game just sucks ... i suggest playing the game if you 're a dragonball fan and seeing hopefully what i am talking about .
 The game is too easy if you watch dragon Ball Z. ... . You will know where to go and do . Getting your power level from 263 to 4 million is the only fun part about it .
 This game is terrible . It is not worth buying . The cpu does the fighting for you the caracters are bloches on the screen and the music and sound effects are horrible ! Do n't buy this peice of junk !!!!!!!!!!!!
 It 's really an OKAY game . I 'd actually find fun in killing the animals in the game , but they usually keep killing me . I 've already died like , 5 times without even getting to Raditz yet . Keep your money peoplz ... you 'll prolly need it on a better game , such as Pokemon Advance . It 's not really worth getting . HP is low , flying ca n't be used a lot , attacks are weak , the enemies are usually way stronger than you easily getting you killed ... and you do n't know when they will attack . I found a better DBZ game that I downloaded which is almost like this , but MUCH BETTER . The only good things about this is the clips from the show and movies ... and it 's challenging , though I find Pokemon more challenging and stratigic than this .
 It 's really an OKAY game . I 'd actually find fun in killing the animals in the game , but they usually keep killing me . I 've already died like , 5 times without even getting to Raditz yet . Keep your money peoplz ... you 'll prolly need it on a better game , such as Pokemon Advance . It 's not really worth getting . HP is low , flying ca n't be used a lot , attacks are weak , the enemies are usually way stronger than you easily getting you killed ... and you do n't know when they will attack . I found a better DBZ game that I downloaded which is almost like this , but MUCH BETTER . The only good things about this is the clips from the show and movies ... and it 's challenging , though I find Pokemon more challenging and stratigic than this .
 If you like DBZ than what are you waiting for ? Buy it.Otherwise . . SKIP !! This game was born in a marketing meeting -LSB- duh -RSB- and it shows , badly.The graphics are good and having a bunch of DBZ characters is cool.But this game has cruddy collision detection and ALL THE ATTACKS LOOK THE SAME !! -LSB- shudder -RSB- . Avoid unless you want to see HOW TV BASED GAMES -LSB- ARE -RSB- SO BAD !!
 Ok the graphics are decent , but i 've seen better . Full motion video , GOOD JOB ! Other than that , if you really like the DBZ seris you will find that this game is just plain horrible . Infogames could have done a lot better than they did on this , this thing looked like it had a development cycle of about 2 months . For example , when goku falls off snake way would it be too much to ask to actually have the lil cleaning machine with goku sleeping on it and having him fall off . No they do n't do this , they have him say `` Oh no , I lost my balance I think I am going to fall ! '' . Combat is just freaking stupid , you basically just have the enemy chase you until you use solar flare to blind and then use a whole 4 differant attacks -LRB- melee included -RRB- to pummel him . All in all i found this a flashy , rushed , shadow of a game . Not worth your buying it , just get the rom .
 LEGACY OF GOKU IS A DRY AND DULL ACTION RPG FOR THE GBA AND THE SPRITES ARE CHEESY LOOKING TOO ! PLUS THERE 'S STUPID SIDE QUESTS THAT WERE N'T ORIGINALLY THERE IN THE TV SHOW AND IT WOULD SEEM LIKE A WASTE OF TIME FOR GOKU TO GO FINDING A STUPID KID 'S TOY BOAT WHILE HIS SON GOHAN HAS BEEN KIDNAPPED BY RADITZ ! I GUESS GOKU IS JUST A PLAIN IDIOT WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT IT !
 Dont ' bother with this one . It is very disappointing . Very little of interest happens . The fights are dull and would be too difficult or at least too slow , except that I have discovered some hints on the net . It looks horrible too . Sorry , but it is a dud .
 I hate games that are based on movies and cartoons ... thy put no effort into it.They just make it so hard core fans of whatever the show or movie is will buy it because they loooove the show.This game is pretty bad . . it has a bad , and hard to aim battle system . . i was thinking of buying this but i changed my mind after i tried it . and it is really short . . i recommend Golden sun if you like Adventure/RPG games
 ok , this game is the ultimate -LSB- bad -RSB- i have ever played ! the story line isnt in tact . dont get me wrong , i am a HUGE dbz fan and i understand that it 's a gba game but it 's so short ! but i can see sequals because nintendo wants to make money . i feel that if they had teh garlic/andriods/cell / majin buu it would be a lot better .
 I am a serious major hardcore DBZ fan . When I heard of a DBZ game coming out for the GBA I was exstatic ! When my friend got the game first I asked if I could play it on our bus ride home from school . I only played the game for 1 and a half fricken ' hours -LRB- and did n't even get to frieza -RRB- and I was bored the whole time ! The movement was horrible , the plot was extermely dull , the fighting -LSB- disappointed -RSB- , the villans were easyly beaten , and the quest stunk hard . I could not believe that any one would sink so low as to soil the DragonBall Z name in such a manner ! NO ONE BUY THIS GAME NO MATTER WHAT !! If you do there goes -LSB- money -RSB- that could have been used to buy something more entertaining like a book on Astro-Physics !
 First of all i went to the trouble of importing this game from the US ! BIG mistake !! Its follows the storyline of the series close enough , but thats about it ! 3 energy attacks , Ki-Blast -LRB- which you never use once you get the Kamehameha -RRB- , Solar Flare -LRB- good for pretty much nothing -RRB- , and Kamehameha -LRB- which goes about 5 foot -RRB- . The ememys are lame , the only real challenge is the dogs and dinosaurs at the start of the game , but once you increse your power the only challenge is finding the items to complete each challenge ! Which is not hard!The bosses are easiers than most the other enemies , I hardly noticed defeating defeating Ginu squad and defeating Friza was little more than a joke!Unless you are buying this for a 5yr old DO N'T ! you will complete it in a matter of hours and by very , very dissapointed !
 First off this game is way way to short !! Also the controls were to sloopy . Lastly it skiped to many important things and you can only be Goku . I give this game one thumb ... . DOWN !!
 When i first got the game i was like `` Yay a good american DBZ RPG yay !! '' ... boy was i wrong ... The gameplay seemed OK in the beginning ... the battles just kept getting easier ... yet annoying ... and the plot was a piece of -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- ... its a rental . . not a game to own ... ya can beat it in an hour . . Pros : First DBZ RPG , Interesting battle system . . Cons : Bad graphics , Short game play , Bad plot , Annoyingly long battle in the end ... Overall i rate this thing 2 stars ... cuz it deserves it for conning innocent DBZ fans into buying this horrid game
 Alright I was at TARGET and had to choose between two gamesDragon Ball Z Legacy of Goku or Golden Sun , I unfortunatly picked DBZ Legacy of Goku.I was very happy when I first got it and I saw the little intro thing , to me I think that was probably the only thing they did n't mess up on . Otherwise if they were any more idiotic they probably would of spelled Goku 's name incorrectly , and it was waayy to short , for instance
 First off , i borrowed this game from my friend , would of given it to him the next day if it were n't for the weekend . This game to start out with , is short , poor coming to controls , annoying because its based on a ton of worthless side quests , and definatly not worth getting . I have played tons of games , but i think this game just does n't cut it . Even a huge dbz fan could n't say its great . Get it if you love the series , then it might not be a waste . But as a game , i really ca n't say anthing nice about it . It just does n't cut it , sorry .
 1 major problem . TOO SHORT . If you can find somewhere to rent it do that . I beat it in an hour . This only Goes From the Sayian Saga through the end of the Frieza Saga ! I waisted -LSB- money -RSB- on this game . Play Starcraft it is WAY better and is only like -LSB- less money -RSB-
 this game is terrible . not only can you beat it in one hour -LCB- if you can find the artifacs -RSB- , but this game gets extermly anoying when you ca n't find the 3rd artifact . It also has a bad combat , like in the show dragon ball z is known for it 's fighting and combat , but in the game the comat is so bad that I should give this game a 0 out of 5 . You run around and hope the enemy wo n't run into you and punch you.also gitting level up is easy and you can only get to level 25 . When you get to level 25 the game seems so easy that you should stand in one place and see how long it will take your enemys to kill you -LRB- also when you are level 25 it takes only one punch to kill your enemies besides the bosses -RRB- . So take it from me if you are hoping for some great fighting and fun game play , you are looking at one of the worst games of all time . Do n't get it !!!
 this game is terrible . not only can you beat it in one hour -LCB- if you can find the artifacs -RSB- , but this game gets extermly anoying when you ca n't find the 3rd artifact . It also has a bad combat , like in the show dragon ball z is known for it 's fighting and combat , but in the game the comat is so bad that I should give this game a 0 out of 5 . I hope that the gameboy game is better . So take it from me if you are hoping for some great fighting and fun game play , you are looking at one of the worst games of all time . Do n't get it !!!
 This game stinks ! For one thing , it 's way too short . I know from other GBA games that it would have been possible to fit the whole series in this game , if they just took out the cartoon in the beginning.Next , the story barely follows the storyline set by the comics and cartoons . Goku is supposed to know the Kamehameha when he was a kid in `` Dragon Ball '' , way before the DBZ series , not to mention he does not have a limit to how long he can fly in the show . You also ca n't see what is happening elsewhere like in the show.Also , the controls are hard to get used to . The character moves too slow to hold anyone 's attention for long , even in his Super-Saiyan form.Add this all up , along with a boring fighting style , mediocre graphics -LRB- except for the cartoon -RRB- , and no replayability or secrets to unlock , and you get this money waster of a game . I hope you wo n't have to go through the same thing I did .
 game was very boring and primitive ... I though it would be more like the mario games but it was more like stick figures fighting ... lol ... ok for 5 year olds . .
 I played 2 first , was put together way better than this one . Very Disapointed , only played it for 15 minutes . But if you play this one first you can probobly enjoy them both .
 This game stinks . I mean I like tough games . But not super , super , super tough . Good thing it 's not mine . It 's my brother 's . You get a choice if you want to fight Princess Snake or not . King Kai teaches you the Kemaemea Wave . What kind of game is that ? Everybody knows Master Roshi teaches Goku in Dragonball . And little dogs kill you . That 's stupid ! And Goku , the protector of Earth and the strongest guy , saves cats and rescues little kids in this game . If I were you , I would instead get Dragonball Z
 This game is too short , I beat it in 2 hours . These kind of games should be a lot longer . Warning
 I 'm a HUGE DBZ fan and when I always wanted to play a DBZ video game . So when I heard that Nintendo was making a GBA game I was totally thrilled . When I got it , I was very dissepointed . First of all it was to short . The game lasts about 2-5 hours . The controls are pretty awful ; you walk way to slow and you ca n't fly for very long at all . And then there 's the fighting . You learn 3 ki blasts and you punch . It might have been cool if there was turn-based fighting but it is the action fighting like in the Zelda games . It gets pretty annoying , considering how slow you move . And in the beginning of the game you can get killed by things like dogs and crabs . Since when does the stongest being in the universe get killed by dogs ? There are some problems with the Super-Saiyain part too . The graphics , are actually quite good ! There is alot of detail and you can really tell the charecters apart . The sound is above average and the movie parts are cool . The plot basicly followsthe anime but there are things that happen in the game that do n't happen in the anime.And there are afew flaws like that you learn the Kamehameha Wave from King Kai . Over all , the game was a Major Dissapointment . I could imagine a good DBZ fighting game or something , but ... Ya .
 I am a die hard Star Wars fan , this game is an abomination of the Star Wars franchise . I bought this game about the same time that the movie came out , and i was seriously let down . The entire game is a side scroller that is loosely based on the movie . Even the music seems as though John Williams had nothing to do with it . On the back it said you could choose your Jedi , but when I started Playing I did not have a choice . Also the inability to save just added to the over all let down of this game . I am saying this as a fan do not buy this game .
 If you are n't a die hard gamer this game is likey not for you.The controls in side scrolling lightsaber mode are complicated and non-intuitive . Example
 In a nutshell , its too easy and has bad graphics . Episode I has better game play and control , which made this all the more disappointing . And unless if im missing something , you cant use your force powers against Dooku , he always counteracted before i got to pull them off . I defeated him by pressing one button over and over again . Wheres the challenge ?
 Man , this game is sad . Graphics are palatable , but the controls kill what should be an otherwise awesome game . For example , the controls during lightsaber battles are so complex that you are required to stand still while dishing out your justice ...
 Do n't get me wrong I am a diehard Star Wars fan , yet to me this game was a huge suckfest . The side scrolling adventure and the horrible graphics further retard the game . The music sounds as if John Williams had no role in it . The story line -LRB- if any -RRB- to the movie was no where nearly followed , and the title cards that explain the plot bored me into into oblivian . I also did not enjoy the fact that if I got to Level 9 and felt like stopping I would lose all of data from before . I even tried to write down all of the pass codes , but by the time i was done playing and writing my batteries had died . This was just another example of Lucas Arts trying to milk the Star Wars franchise . The game was horrible and not even worth the lint in my pocket .
 This game is horrible ! the graphics are bad and the controlls are stupid.But the worst thing about this game is the sound.DO NOT get this game !
 This game is truly bad . I did not like the movie and this game is not any better . The setting , characters , gameplay , time , and most importantly the graphics are bad . If i were you i would not waste my money on this game ... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! out
 Now there have been some bad Star Wars games , and this is one of them . When I first saw screenshots of this I thought it would be a great platform game like the original Super Star Wars for the Super NES . Boy was I wrong . The controls are unresponsive , and while the characters are nicely designed , the background levels are n't designed very good . The John Williams score is grating on the GBA 's tiny speakers , and all that combined means that you will die , a lot . And when you die , no matter how far you get in the level when you die , you start over right from the beginning . All in all , I think Star Wars fans should use the force , and skip this one .
 This is not the worst Star Wars video game to ever hitstore shelves . It comes pretty darn close though . What is the best part of Star Wars Episode II Attack Of The Clones for Gameboy Adavance ? The packaging ! Thats right ! The box that holds this poor excuse for a Star Wars title is it 's greatest aspect . When one checks out screen shots from various internet sites & magazines that showcase this title , one tends to think this game will be simply fantastic.Being the only video game title to all encompass such a great movie it should have been truly splendid . Unfortunately this game is far from fantastic and is nowhere near splendid . The cool graphics and soundtrack do not make up for the horrible gameplay or lack thereof . This is one of the most difficult video games to control . I spent forty-five mins on the first level at the lowest difficulty setting and found myself ready to toss my gameboy advance out the window.Being Anakin Skywalker is fun , but not when the playability does n't exist . If one does decide to purchase this game , get it as a collector 's item . Not as entertainment . Some things are just better left in a galaxy far far away .
 The game is Starwars that 's good but the rest is bad lame graphics , difficult controls , lacks fun . i really gave this a 2 because it 's Starwars if this game is like Jedi Outcast I gave this a 5 stars why did Lucasarts did n't develop this game ?
 I find this game to be very frustrating . The slightest touch of the controller sends the characters flying off the race track . I tried it with a steering wheel with no better results . I ca n't do it , let alone my 5 year old .
 I thought it -LSB- stunk -RSB- . How can a game that has to be played on a 250 dollar machine be so far behind with graphics ? OK if you are 6 years old .
 To be fair , I have n't seen the movie yet , so I ca n't be too critical of this game . That does n't mean it was n't an unpleasing experience for me.The BAD
 Why is it for such a fantastic television show they can not manage a game worth it 's the show 's worth . I am a dbz freak but i do n't think that people are making a good enough game -LRB- s -RRB- for the show . I would like a story mode maybe like spiderman on XboX or somthing but i just think that an all out fighting game is not what the public wants -LRB- or at least me -RRB- . We need to create a story mode to dbz so people can have a taste at what it would be like to have powers like in dbz . I have been waiting for a game such as i have described ever since dragon ball z started -LRB- after dragon ball -RRB- i think the customers want to know how toe shoot a khamehameha andd see it 's power because that 's what video games are for right ? To fulfill our imaginations and this is what i am imaginating a story mode dbz
 This game is -LSB- horrible -RSB- . What else is there to say ? I must admit , the graphics are beautiful , but that does n't matter.I traded in 5 good GBC games to get this-that was the worst d%@n thing I did in my life.This game would be fun without a few things-first , the manual is too freakin confusing . And the loading times -LRB- yes , loading on GBA -RRB- are as bad as PS1 . Even if you are such a DBZ fan that you would pay $ 999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999 just to see an episode that you missed , dont get this game.I beg you , do n't let me see you blow your Metroid Fusion money on this .
 When i played the legacy of Goku i thought no game in the world could be worse than it . Butt when i played this game i found myself wrong . The music is baaaaad . The most boring music ever !! It is a very cheap and boring game . Plus it is confusing . At the begining i didnt know what the heck i was doing . Caution this game sucksss !
 I gave this game a star for every second it 's fun . This game has so many errors in it . First off all the text phrases , `` if successful , '' and `` if you declared a tokui-waza , '' are completely ignored . Secondly , the game was not upto date with the CRD at the time the game was made , so you can put in all the cheap cards you want and make an nearly unbeatable deck , making the game incredibly easy . Thirdly , all cards form all sagas are not included , so you have 1/3 the cards that you should . Also , the whole layout for this game is hard to follow . If you plan on purchasing the Legacy of Goku , instead do n't . I beat the game in just over 2 hours , it 's a real disappointment .
 my brother got this game and we both thought that it was goin to be the best game ever but we were wrong it is horrinble and we both play the card game . at first i gust thought it was gust him and that he has to get used to it but when i played it it was the worst game ever . i would give this game a zero if i could . do not listen to the other reviews do not get this game ... REMEMBER DO NOT GET THIS GAME !
 When I saw the price of this game tagged onto a DBZ case I was very excited . I quickly read reviews that other owners of the game had posted , and all-in-all this seemed to be a decent , if not GREAT buy.I was wrong -- dead wrong.This game is very , very bad.The rules are written enigmatically , and it is very hard to figure out what exactly is going on just by reading the rules and watching the tutorial.The gameplay is difficult , and annoying . Each time you want to see attributes of a card it takes a long time , and becomes tedious . There is also very little replay value , and if you want to earn one , if not all , of the secret characters you are in for a lot of really tedious playing.Do not buy this game , even if you are a huge DBZ fan .
 A complete Dragonball Z CCG card collection . A set of cards exclusive to the GBA . A myriad of ways to win . At a first glance , this new GBA game may seem fun and challenging . All of the characters , heros and villains , from the Dragonball Z sagas -LRB- up to Cell -RRB- , are here . It is a Dragonball Z fan 's dream
 The product was not working when i received it . When i returned it , it cost more to return than i actually paid for it in the first place
 Unfortunately , this version of the Smash Pack inherited the same flaws the Windows and Dreamcast versions suffered from . The emulation -LRB- or in this case , reprogramming -RRB- just is n't that good . Most notably the sound is pretty awful . Granted , these games did n't sound the best to begin with , but the audio is even more tinny and `` metallicy '' sounding than the originals . In the case of Ecco , it 's just one horrid 30 second sound clip looping indefinitely . The visuals are also missing some animation and details over the original versions -LRB- and even if they were perfectly reproduced , they 'd still be below average visuals for a Gameboy Advance game -RRB- . Beyond that , none of these three games were terribly good choices for the collection . Golden Axe was great for it 's time , but a bad port of a bad port just does n't cut it now . Pick up Final Fight One -LRB- also for the Gameboy Advance -RRB- for a much better port of a similar style game . If you must have Sonic Spinball , the version in Sonic Mega Collection on the Gamecube is flawlessly emulated -LRB- along with the rest of that collection -RRB- . And Ecco ... well , the best version by far was on the Sega CD.I love ports , updates , and collections of older games-when they 're done right , as in Sonic Mega Collection . But there are much better Gameboy Advance games to spend your money on than this lousy collection .
 If at all possible , rent this game first . My 5-year-old got frustrated with the lack of action in the game -- if there is any , it 's not in the first level -- all you do is chase down people to ask them questions and search for clues . This game seems like it was thrown together quickly to get something out in time for the movie , with very little thought towards whether or not it would be enjoyable . If you want a good action-oriented Scooby game , get the `` Phantom Virus '' game for Gameboy Advance or `` Night of 100 Frights '' for Playstation 2 .
 The kids tried this game and lost interest quickly . It has collected dust since . It is not recommended .
 this game is too boring i recommend scooby-doo and the cyber-chase or scooby doo night of 100 frights they are much more exciting
 I bought this for my 5 year old for his birthday . Disappointing to say the least !! Read all the reviews because they are all correct . The graphics are horrible . Reading , Reading , Reading ! No game play . I hate the rating system on these games . E for everyone does not mean everyone . Most 5 year olds ca n't read therefore it is not for them ! I was even quite bored with all the reading . My suggestion to you is to find a second hand dealer like GameStop and try the game before you buy . Wish I had . They let you try up to 3 games per visit before buying .
 Its boring with the real people . They should have put cartoons again .
 Oh my gosh , what a waste . This was a terrible game . The ratings go like this : Graphics
 this game is terrible . the gameplay was great ... compared to watching paint dry . this is a total waste of the buyers and producers money .
 THIS GAME IS SIMPLY A RIP-OFF ALL CARS GAMES , AND FOR THE REVIEW WHO SAID MARIO KART LOOKS LIKE SH ## YOU DO N'T HAVE IDEA THAN MARIO KART IS BETTER THAN THIS TRASH .
 Unfortunately , I never received the game from my selected seller because he did n't have it for my console . So too bad .
 I heard Konamix was better than MAX , but bought MAX anyway . I am a very good DDR player , I can handle most 8 footers -LRB- thats pretty hard , for those who do n't play or are n't that good -RRB- . I play mostly MAX on PS2 and 5th - 8th mix at the arcade -LRB- 8th Mix is Extreme -RRB- . Compared to these , I was disappointed with Konamix . The songlist , save for Burnin ' the Floor , Matsuri Japan , Afronova , Afronova Primeval , and B4U , was pathetic , IMO . Plus , I noticed a 1/4 second lag between myself hitting the arrow and the game registering it . Could be that the disc was scratched . Is it supposed to do that ? Someone , tell me in a review.Get MAX , or wait till September 26 and get MAX2 . Trust me , its better than this one .
 This game was not very good . The songs are basically the same as the first one and game play is very hard .
 I do not recommend this game . If you are thinking of buying this game because of some good reviews you might have seen , DONT . The songs are horrible ! None of the good songs from the arcade versions are in this game . And it claims to have 50 songs but it feels more like 15 , good luck finding 50 . Anyway , I would wait until a decent ddr comes out in the US or if your a disney fan go for the Disney mix , that seems to be the best so far .
 I was given DDR 1 instead of this , and then they did n't give me a refund or even sent me back the right one !!
 Battlefield 2
 This will be a short review as I have been unable to play the game . When loaded the game informs you a update is needed to play the game -LRB- usually on the game disk -RRB- not it appears with this game ; you are instructed to go to the web site and download and burn a disk . When the burn disk is placed in the consol nothing happens as the download is not recognized . So there we have it -- I have not as of yet played the game .
 Take the amazing PC Battlefield 2 , subtract the keyboard and mouse that make a FPS game a dream to play , throw in a boring single player campaign , downgrade the graphics , take the heart of the Battlefield games , it 's online play , and fill it with bugs and bump the number of players in a game from 64 down to 24 and you get Battlefield Modern Combat . I do n't think I really need to say more but I will . I did n't have extreamly high hopes for this game in the first place when I saw the number of players that can fit into a multiplayer game . I was mainly hoping that BFMC would have bot battles without mission objectives to worry about to go along with the campaign . Well , there are no bot battles . Yes , I have played a multiplayer match in BFMC , but it still does n't fell much like the PC Battlefield games before it . When you think about how difficult it is to get XBOX Live and the fairly small amount of XBOX owners that actually have it , you realize that online multiplayer is n't enough to support a game on it 's own . You need good singleplayer or split screen modes too . EA seems to have passed this up and left this games players with a smaller online multiplayer , no split screen games , and a really boring campaign mode . In the single player campaign , you go through multiplayer maps with scripted events and mission objectives . Only , it 's not enough like a multiplayer map to generate the same amount of fun . The enemys do n't wander the map and act like team players or even attack enemys at will . They ONLY show up where they need to be , detracting from the realisim and overall fun . You 'll know what I mean when you start to walk through a town after not being able to find any action and have 20 enemy soldiers spawn right out of thin air and shoot you to pieces . The graphics have also been brought down . The explosions are not nearly as nice looking as BF2 . Now , I realize that the XBOX does n't have the right amount of hardware as a computer that can run BF2 , but they could at least have had pieces of the vehicles go flying when you blow up a tank or helicopter . Instead , the vehicle just disappears in a strange cloud of smoke and sparks . No chunks of the vehicle , no fragments of metal , just ... POOF . You also can not select a unit type upon spawing . Instead , you `` hotswap '' to another soldier on the battlefield . You can do this at will during the mission , -LRB- and it means the game does n't end every time you die -RRB- but it makes it hard to get the types of units to the place they 're needed most as the nearest soldier to hotswap to might be at the completly opposite end of the map . If you have XBOX Live and are n't expecting a reveloution in the XBOX Live FPS , you might as well get this game -LRB- even though there are still plenty of online FPS games for the XBOX that are much more fun -RRB- . If you do n't have Live or are n't interested in playing this game on it , do n't even bother . The Battlefield games were n't ment to be a single player game in the first place .
 This could be the best Xbox game , EVER ! Unlike the previous comments , the pictures and textures are magnificent to behold ! The maps are HUGE with great detail . The controls feel tight and on target . This is how the game exceeded my expectations.How it sucks ? I bought this for online play ONLY . I could care less about single player . I played the Demo to death since July and that was only one map -LRB- my CD has faded -RRB- . So , just imagine my excitement when the game came out and has so many more maps.Only problem is it 's almost impossible to play online . The game freezes during matches , lags and then boots you out of the room , or you ca n't sign in at all.Also , my stats are missing half the time . I 've noticed that players are racking up points in the thousands but how are they on long enough to to that ??? I belong to three different gamer groups -LRB- two of which are GeezerGamers and 2Old2Play -RRB- and no one can get into or stay in a game!And , I was excited about the support for Clans . There are clans but you ca n't play clan matches . HUH ???????????? Unless they upgrade the game , there 's nowhere to make your own room like in Halo2 or PGR2 . How are we supposed to practice for the big tournament ??? Not to mention no one can get on or gets booted every few minutes!Like I said , this game could be the greatest game ever for the Xbox ... . but only if EA gets their act together fast.We beta tested the you know what out of the demo for you guys for FREE ! Do n't get me wrong , the demo was awesome and we loved it . But we would love this more . We expected better from EA than we 're getting . And that 's a shame .
 the guy you hotswap from dies , oline is a joke , no link play , no 2 player splitsceen , submachinegun is a sniper rifle , ai is really dumb , lame explosions -LRB- tank disappears when shot with rpg -RRB- FIRST AND LAST GAME I BUY FROM EA . OH YEAH ITS REALLY EASY
 This is the shortest game in history and is not worth buyingThis is a definent rental game1 .5 stars of 5
 DONT BUY !!!!! VERY BAD GRAPHICS !!!! WORTHLESS ONLINE PLAY !!!!! LAG EVERYWHERE !!!!! CONNECTION LOSS EVERY OTHER GAME !!!!! THEY KEEP LOSING YOUR STATS !!!! THEY KEEP LOSING YOUR RANK !!! AVOID AT ALL COSTS !!!!!! BUY SOMETHING ELSE !!!!!!!!!!!! IT 'S A SCAM !!!!!! SAVE YOUR CASH FOR THE PS3 !!!!!!!!!!!! ZERO STARS !!!!!!!!!!!! HORRIBLE EFFORT ALL AROUND !!!!!!!!!! NOTHING LIKE THE PC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ZERO STARS !!!!!!!!! ZERO STARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 OK , so there I was , eagerly awaiting the release of BF2 for Xbox . I 'd played the demo , played on computer , it was all pretty cool , and it can only get better by the time it releases right ? Well , nope . It seems like an ok single player game , but who really likes to do that ? Everyone wants to play online . Except in this game , you really ca n't . All that has been happening to me so far , is that I have problems signing on , I lose my connection halfway through a game , and it when I can play , it does n't keep my stats . All in all , if you want a decent single player game , this might be for you . If you want to play online , send me 50 bucks , I 'll send you Halo 2 , and we will both be happy . Until EA fixes their glitches -LRB- I understand that @ # $ $ happens , but I do n't want to pay 50 bucks for it -RRB- I will be thinking of returning this totally worthless multiplayer game , and playing Halo 2 .
 ... if you care about online play . I know that some reviewers have said that EA has fixed their online problems ; unfortunately this is not entirely true , depending on what you feel that the online problems are . Some of the freezing issues have been eradicated , but the overall interface is typical EA - worthless at best.I am a mature gamer -LRB- 30 + -RRB- and regularly play with a group of friends , it is next to impossible to get them all into one game , and once you do , you inevitably get a bunch of screaming kids , racists , etc because EA did n't have the foresight to add a `` friend only '' option ?!?!?! Perhaps I have just been spoiled with Halo 2 's party/lobby system , I do n't know what is wrong with EA , but they insist on managing the online portion of their gaming . Have they not proved it time and time again that their Live interface is one of the worst in online gaming ? In one corner , you have Bungie with a tried and true menu/lobby/game selection UI ... and on the other side , you have the mess that EA passes off as UI . So why do it ? Is it because they do n't want their XBL corporate identity to be linked as a little sibling of Bungie , or a copycat ? They need to get over it , the comparison is still being made , only in a MUCH more unfriendly light.It is truly a shame that what could have been a fantastic game is doomed to be a colossal failure due to a horrid user interface ... way to go EA ... again ...
 This game is completely unplayable without a left handed controller setting . Seriously , how hard is it to swap the joysticks ? In fact , you ca n't adjust the control layout AT ALL !
 BF2 : MC single-handedly destroys the tactical-shooter gaming genre.It destroys the concepts of camo , concealment and -LRB- in the single-player , where enemy A.I. shoots through small hills -RRB- even cover.This one is great fun , if you have a habit of drooling on your controller ; otherwise , those who prefer a more tactical experience are better served checking out the hard-to-find and less-expensive Operation Flashpoint
 First off they ruined the hole concept that was fun about the battleifield series which is total freedom capturing points and what not . They have that in multiplayer which is all you should buy this game for . It would have been awesome if that option was available in single player but no they had to go and change it to some gay story mode that sucks very badly .
 This game is fun but too easy . You can easily go through an entire season without a loss .
 what a piece of crap . i just bought this game . played it for 2 mins . realized there is NO PITCHING . YOU HIT OFF A @ ! # $ ## $ # $ TEE BALL STAND . THIS GAME BLOWS . IMMEDIATELY SOLD IT BACK TO AMAZON . bought all star baseball 2004 instead . . no challenge at all to this game . jacked homeruns like i was stealing jewelry from old ladies . TOO EASY . NO FUN .
 Unfortunately , the description did not state that this game was uncompatible with XBox 360 and that there is no download from Microsoft to make it so . Not being familiar with this game I did not know this fact and thus , I ca n't play it . It makes a great dust collector .
 This game SSX on tour is an amazing game . I had it for ps2 and it was all I played . It was the most awesome game ever . I sold my ps2 and bought an Xbox 360 . I then bought this game to use on my Xbox 360 . I bought it thinking that it would work on Xbox 360 as do most other original Xbox games . Unfortunately it does n't work on Xbox 360 . The backwards compatibility does n't work . So im bummed out from that . Only if I still had my ps2 ... ah well hope this helped .
 Very unhappy . All records , including packing slip reflected SSX on Tour . When the box was opened Christmas Eve by my grandson , the game that was sent was SSX , not SSX on Tour . I ca n't begin to tell you how frustrating it was for me and how unhappy my grandson was !
 If I could give this `` game '' zero stars I would ... hopefully by now you will see where I am going with this . Talk about annoying , I wanted to throw this game in the trash can .
 ok ... i have been a gamer for some years ... seen lots o ' titles . played this game for only an hour before becoming extremely annoyed . the graphics are weak , and there is nary a plot to push this game along . yeah , ok ... some good crashes and explosions ... but if i wanted that , i 'd stick with Grand Theft Auto . do not buy this title . please trust me . it 's insulting to those who want an in-depth gaming experience on any level .
 This game is such a let down I ca n't tell you!as I 'm sure you know , this game is based on the career of a stuntman . going through several stunts for different movies while in career mode . The PROBLEM with this game is you are paid to do scenes EXACTLY as the director wants you to.You are never given any set up as to how the stunt will go ! you just hop in the car and hope you can do as instructed a split second before you get there , and if you miss , you 'll be starting the scene over . basically you need to do each stunt over and over until you can get through every part perfectly . NOT FUN !!! the ONLY thing this game has going for it is the graphics , which I quickly lost sight of with frustration.This game is made by Atari , and Reflections . the makers of the great detruction derby games . Sorry guys YOU BLEW IT THIS TIME !!
 I saw the commercials for this game and the game looked awesome . Until I bought it . I played it over and over again trying to just get past my first stunt . Some stunts are easy but if you go 1MPH too fast or 1MPH too slow or cut a corner too widely or not wide enough the blood vessels begin to burst from the frustration . Believe me , the only cool part about this game is the commercials .
 I concur with the negative reviews . To echo
 This game is super bad . It is difficult and very frustrating . Unlike some games where the challenge is figuring out the puzzle , this game makes you repeat and repeat the same move over and over . The load times are very long and very frequent . I 'm sure if you spent years you could get good at it . In my opinion , a game has to be a little fun at first or who else but a masochist will want to play it.This game literally made me furious . To be fair , driving games usually are n't my cup of tea , but this game is a real turd . The graphics are good , not great , but solid . The only good thing about this game is that I rented it.If you like extremely hard driving games that take months to master , then this is right up your alley . If you like games that are fun and that you can play the first night without getting very angry , then stay away from this game.I hated it , I 'm going to rent Way of the Samuri again , that is an awesome game .
 I am so glad I rented this game before I bought it . It is awful . It is so hard and there is no way to change it . In fact , even when the do finally complete a mission , usually after hours and hours of frustration , you figure out it was n't fun . This game is just not fun . You can not make a single mistake or you have to start all over and the load times are unbearably long . After 2 days of having it , I took it back . You have no idea what you are supposed to do until you have failed the mission 5 or 6 times . Also , when you have to chase a car , nothing happens to it but all of the AI cars try and hit you . It is rediculous.Do yourself a favor and get something else , anything else if you want a good game because this one will do nothing but frustrate and annoy you .
 This game should have been great . The graphics are there , the playability is there , the concept is there , and the originality is there . ... What I would n't give to have a day with the source code . A few little tweaks , and you 've got a four star game . Too bad.This game is tough , but more importantly , it 's annoying . I realized that they were some serious issues with this game when I had to do the first stunt ten times . First off , there is no walkthrough of the stunt . You have to emulate a series of stunts , and they wo n't tell you what 's next in the series until just when you 're about to execute it . This meant that you 'd probably not have the right speed or angle going into the next part stunt . That 's not too bad . What 's worse is that the timing and accuracy have to be perfect for many stunts . If you mess up a little bit , you run out of time and have got to start the mission again.There are six movies to complete , each with about three to six series of stunts to accomplish . About half way through the second movie , when I went through a stunt 30 times , I realized that this was a waste of my time and energy . There were more worthwhile things to do with my life - like watching grass grow , voting for third party candidates , evolving , watching Behind the Music of M.C. Hammer for the 42nd time - anything but this game was more worthwhile ... In short - avoid this game . I only rented it , hoping to capture the essence of Grand Theft Auto 3 , and I still felt ripped off .
 The game is a great idea but it has been created totally wrong . Its a TRIAL and HEAVY ERROR game . You start ever scene pretty much not knowing what you need to do ?! It would be nice if it told you how fast you needed to be or a certain mark where it would be good to hit a jump or something ! If you enjoy stupid time limits , and having to start over from the beginning EVERY SIMGLE time you make a mistake , -LRB- AND TRUST ME YOU 'LL DO THAT ALOT ... I 'M NOT KIDDING -RRB- and then waiting 10 to 20 seconds for the game to restart then you 'll probably like the game . I 'm just warning you rent this one before you buy it ...
 This game is incredibly difficult . It has some of the longest loading times too . Unless you have the unlock everything code `` BindI '' , do yourself a favor and skip this one .
 I have played hundreds of different videogames and this one is by far the most frustrating . It is almost impossible to do some of the stunts because if you mess up in the beginning of a run , it will screw up the timing for stunts you have to perform later in the run -LRB- e.g. , having to jump through a gap on a train moving across the tracks -RRB- . I had to repeat some levels 60 + times before accomplishing the stunt and being able to move onto the next level . In my infinite rage that was spawned while playing this game I broke my controller . This is the only game I have ever gotten rid of after purchasing and I have about 70 PS2 games and 40 PS3 games . Do not get this game if you are hoping for something fun.However , if you are the kind of person that likes driving games and ridiculously difficult challenges then this game is for you ! I will say that when you finally complete a stunt you have been attempting for a few hours , there is an overwhelming sense of relief that is immediately followed by an even greater frustration when you realize that the next level is even harder than the one you just beat . This game is not for people who tend to get angry at videogames .
 This game is terrible . Let 's start it here.You 're a stuntman . You get to follow orders from a director who demands you do some of the most stupidly rigorous tasks to complete stunts . Some of the stunts are cool , but the game gets hard at about the 4th level . The first movie you shoot is like a tutorial . I rented this game , and never beat it . The first level of the first real movie in which your basically like dukes of hazards is tremendously hard . You have to do things in split seconds , and the game is so hard that it is frustrating . The game has no good points that I can think of . On one of the first missions I did n't barrel roll and I still won it . Another time I was suppose to hit a board and spin sideways near a garbage can , I barely did it and I won.But once you get to the dukes of hazards type movie , no . It 's ridiculously stupid . There are cooling towers in random places falling on your car . Then you have to jump through a train at the start which is kinda luck . Anyways , the game could of gotten things right . For one , the game is fun when your not all stuntman . Right after you jump over a house , you get to cruise for like 30 seconds , which is fun considering the environment looks good . The game though does n't lay out maps for you and does n't give you any help . The director almost wants to make this thing as hard as possible because he never edits the movies -LRB- like normal directors and stunt coordinators do -RRB- and he never attempts to tell you where to go beforehand . You will be flipping left and right going up and down with no sence of direction . One second costs you the match ... The game is terrible . There are some extras . Trailers or some crap . The map editor is terrible . You can put about 5 items in and that is it . I never figured out mechanical cars -LRB- I just decided to use cheats to unlock the editor stuff -RRB- and I never found out if there were any extra maps to unlock in the campaign . But this game offers nothing except frustration and crap . Honestly , I would like to see the creators beat their own game . If they could do that it would be great , beacause not many people can .
 Stuntman puts you behind the wheel as a stunt driver in six films that lovingly knock off classics ranging from 007 to Indiana Jones to the Dukes of Hazzard . The best label for the gameplay is a cocktail that blends Pilotwings with Gran Turismo 's license tests
 Yeah , we 've all seen the commerical , `` while all those pretty little actors are sitting in their trailers , being pampered , and fond over , the stuntmen are out having all the frickin ' fun '' . Just that line makes you want to go over to Circuit City and buy this game . STOP ! DO NOT DO THAT ! This game is a horrible waist . Truly an awesome video game idea , but it could 've been brought to life on a totally different approach.The first level starts off with a few simple tasks . Or so they seem . You complete the first task , `` hey , no problem , I 've got this nailed '' , then , almost immediatly , the director shouts out another task you have to do usaully within 5-10 seconds . Despite how terribly hard , annoying , and frustrating it is , I just have to wonder how the makers thought this would be fun ? I mean , completing task after task after task . Now , in games like Grand Theft Auto , the whole task thing 's fun . You can actully get out the car and do other things , but not in this game ! You are strictly stuck onto one direct path for each level , and there is no time for rest . As I said before , all it is is do this , do that , do this , you failed , do it again , time up , restart level , do this , do that , do this , do that , do this , you failed , start over ... '' . Please , spare yourself and rent it first . My friend and I both rented it and did n't even want to play it more than once . The first time we played was for about 2 hours -LRB- 2 hours I could have been sleeping -RRB- , and in that whole time , we did not even pass the first level . Now , to end this review , I 'll be as frank as possibly
 I rented this game thinking it would be fun . It certainly looked nice enough . It is pleasing to the eye , the graphics are really clean and well done , but the gameplay is so painfully difficult that the only thing I found enjoyable was turning off the machine and boxing the disc back up for rental return.I spent a couple hours trying to get past the difficulty hoping I would get the hang of it after a little bit . NOPE ! This game should be played only by people with extreme patients , and professional gaming skill , not for the mass of gamers who want to simply have fun.The grossly inadequate amount of time given to complete each stunt will either make you really excited to try harder or really angry and want to snap the disc in two , set it on fire , and mail the unrecognizable clump back to the cruel game developers.The game is a rental at best for about % 80 of the gamers out there . Save your money . Save your sanity . Do n't buy this game without trying it out first !
 Pros : Car handling is easy and responsiveCons : Lack of walk-throughs adds a needless level of difficulty to an already challenging gameThere are reload screens between each takeI would have probably rated it 2 stars but the fact that Grand Auto Theft 3 is out there I gave it a 1 . Go to Grand Auto THeft 3 . You wo n't regret it .
 DO NOT buy this game . It is a waste of money and is extremely difficult . It is also not very fun at all .
 WORST GAME IVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE !!! Just like all of Atari 's other games they are hard as hell and pointless !!! Although I would recommened this OR test drive if you like getting flaming red hot at you PS2 and wanting to throw it out the window . And -LRB- as I 've hinted -RRB- Test Drive is a horrible game too . TRUST ME dont listen to the commericials for either game because its all lies !!! GTA3 is a MUCH more fun and BETTER game than this `` so-called '' game . If it was possible to give this a -10000000000000000 stars thats what I 'd give it !!! Atari -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!!
 I had bought this weak crap in 7/16/03 . If you think it was cool on the comerical , well your wrong ! This game is so frustrating and it 's not that fun . When you on the `` stunt constructor '' mode and you go up the ramp , it is fonny ! When you get close to beat the hole game is was hard and gay . I could even beat the very last mission ! Do n't even buy this game because it is not good as you thought it was on t.v.
 I hate this game.Thankyou . Read my grand theft auto : vice city
 I was really looking forward to this game , really ! I returned my copy the same day I got it . I 've played annoying games before , but nothing like this . The point of the game is that you 're a stuntman doing car stunts for movies . Sounds cool , eh ? Yeah , I thought so too , until I played the game and after making the smallest mistake during my run I had to sit through a really long load time , JUST TO DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN ! The part I played before and after the loading was really cool and really fun , I just do n't want to play a game where I watch the load screen more than I have a chance to enjoy my playing . If they came out with a `` No or next-to-zero load time '' I would go and get that right away . But games are supposed to fun , not staring-at-the-screen - ... - off boring.yucko
 This game has everything you could expect from the creators of Driver 1 and 2 . In terms of graphics and handling it 's fantastic , beautifully rendered . But , and it 's a big one , this game is HARD , really hard ! The Driver series had challenges , but they were surmountable , Driver was fun . This game is not fun . You must perform a series of stunts , but you can only learn each stunt step by step as the Director screams them in your ear seconds before they are performed . Take , for instance , the level where you first must jump over a house , smashing the chimney , then swing around a wide , left turn , pass between two cars with no room for error , jump between two moving trains , where if you do n't land perfectly you smash into another car or fence depending on how you land , which can hamper your hard right turn through a burning building , followed by a jump back through one of the trains -LRB- funny you do n't really seem to accomplish anything here but going in circles -RRB- . After that bit of loveliness you must wend your way through more very tight squeezes , jump a pool , dodge the second , navigate another obscured narrow passage and hard left turn , race under two falling smokestacks that will likely as not smash you flat , then jump a river , and , the finale , a nitro-aided bridge jump . Do n't make any move perfectly and you are doomed to repeat again , and again , and again , and again . I do n't even want to think about a car chase down the most populated dirt road in the world . Heed the gamers that say this one takes patience , but you 've got to be a great player besides . Intermediate gamers beware , if you 're looking for a fun diversion with a little vehicular mayhem DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! Give it a rent and save your cash for Driver 3 .
 This game is frustrating . Each level or scene , has about 10 stunts to do . in the VERY first scene , u have to go FULL speed and do a 180 . First , you have to have the right car or you will end up failing the mission . If you go a couple of mph less than the full speed of the car than you wont jump high enough and the director wont like it . Also , I found myself doing VERY close to a 180 but it didnt count cuase i missed by a couple of degrees . THE COMMERCIAL OVERRATES THIS GAME !!
 First , I am not a big-time gamer . I play the occasional game . I thought Stuntman looked like fun , all those cool stunts similar to the movies I grew up watching . However , after several hours of frustration I had managed to complete only a couple of stunts . The cars handle badly , the timing is very hard , even little things like a road sign stop your car like a steel wall . The reload time is terrible . If you have tons of time on your hands and live and die for gaming , maybe you will like the challenge . I have a life outside the PS2 so I will look for a game that is a little less demanding of my time .
 I saw this game at Blockbuster and I thought that I would fall in love with it . That is not the case . As you have read reviews from other players you can tell that this game is entirely too frustrating and the load screens are absolutely annoying . They are . Do n't buy this game , instead I would suggest you merely rent it . Graphics and handling are good though .
 I got this game thinking it would up to par with GTA 3 in terms of playability . Or so I hoped , anyway . Wow -- talk about a letdown ... I ca n't even begin to tell you how frustrating this game really is . It may have an innovative plot/concept , but that does n't make up for frustration this game induces . Stay away , far away ...
 WORST GAME IVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE !!! Just like all of Atari 's other games they are hard as hell and pointless !!! Although I would recommened this OR test drive if you like getting flaming red hot at you PS2 and wanting to throw it out the window . And -LRB- as I 've hinted -RRB- Test Drive is a horrible game too . TRUST ME dont listen to the commericials for either game because its all lies !!! GTA3 is a MUCH more fun and BETTER game than this `` so-called '' game . If it was possible to give this a -10000000000000000 stars thats what I 'd give it !!! Atari -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!!
 This game 's only positive trait is its barely above average graphics . The point of the game is to do car chase scenes in stupidly named movies . This is where the frustration kicks in . First you have to endure long load times just to hear the stunt 's name . Then you wait again for the scene to begin . They expect you to do the scene perfectly right off the bat . You do n't even get a practice lap or even a layout of the scene . The cars handle exactly the same . The guy who tells you what to do is sometimes late leading you to crash and run out of time . I found myself doing the same scene for 2 hours just to unlock a car and stunt piece for the stunt editor . It would be worth it if only the stunt editor was fun . This game was overhyped just like MGS2 : SoL . Go buy Medal of Honor : Frontline instead .
 This game stinks . They have a great graphics engine , and an awesome idea , and its so annoying . The director is verbally abusive , and you would never be expected to land 20 stunts in a row perfectly . Each part would be choreographed , and walked through before filming . You can NEVER get it on the first , second , third , or even fourth cut because you do n't even have an idea about which way to go , you have to learn it as you go along . This game is total stupid , and I wish I could punch out the people who game tested it . These people were obviously -LSB- not smart -RSB- , and fools . They know nothing about the gaming experience fun . ... - Ira
 This is the worst game ever ! The graphics are awful ! The whole point of the game is awful ! I mean why do n't you just go shoot a movie yourself ! At least you wo n't have an annoying director stopping you everytime saying : Cut ! Thats too slow ! Or : Cut ! `` You suck at driving ! '' This game got me so frustrated I was about to throw it out the window ! When I saw the commercial I wanted to play it soooo bad ! But now that I 've played it ... I do n't even want to talk about it ! This game deserves to go on PS1 ! This is one of the worst games ever to come on PS2 ! Thank god I only rented it ! Phew ! If I bought it I would fart on it , then burn it , then throw it on an old ladys head ! Do n't be fooled by the `` awesome '' commercial for it ! It 's -LSB- bad -RSB- .
 This game is awful . I was sickened by this game because the graphics -LSB- were bad -RSB- . This game should have been made for the PS One system . I loved `` Test Drive '' and trusting Atari , I rented this game . Do not pay attention to the commercial , this game really -LSB- is really bad -RSB- . If you want a good racing game , try `` Test Drive '' or `` Gran Turismo 3 . '' If you still want to spend money on it , I recommend renting it . Trust me this game will disappoint you . `` Stuntman '' just does n't push the PS2 to the limit on graphics .
 This game is so hard.If you fail something in the movie scene , you have to start over!Also , the director is always telling you to do something every five seconds!If you crash , you are likely to run out of time.When you have to go through gaps , you will probably crash into something.The second movie is impossible to beat.There are also turns every few seconds.Luckily I rented the game.If I were you , I would rent the game first .
 This game has many flaws . The graphics for one are basically just the same as driver for psone except for some cutscenes . The controls are poor and there is no way to change them . Apparently if u r going in reverse , u can not use the e-brake . The gameplay itself is original but it just gets monotonous with no real storyline . U can build your own stunt arena and screw around there , but that is the high point of the game . This game is basically driver with a limited amount of space and with your every move just yelled out to u. RENT THIS GAME FIRST .
 Stuntman is extremely overated . The theme is interesting enough that I can see why some people defend the game so strongly . Acting out stunts from your favorite movies is something anyone wants to do . Yet poor design decisions and sloppy controls has made Stuntman much , much harder than it needs to be . You MUST rent this game before you buy it , trust me.I just do n't like being forced to do the same , limited thing over and over again in a game . You have to perform the EXACT stunts the game wants you to , in the schedule it requires , and the slightest mistake means instant death . Hitting ANYTHING in the level , any building , car , or even a fence or sign , and you are forced to restart . Fall behind even 1 second and the game only gets harder . And speaking of time , I do n't like waiting 20 seconds for the game to load after just 15 seconds of gameplay . When you are forced to replay a level 50-60 times , I would estimate that you 've got 10-20 HOURS of load time to sit through . It gets old fast.The game physics are extremely chaotic . Collisions and jumps at any speed or angle can cause a flip or spin-out all too easy , and usually force you to restart . Even minor steering adjustments can cause a spin-out and cost you a hard played level . Hitting a small curb has actually flipped my car onto its back , more than once.The levels are tight and restrictive , with most obstacles appearing suddenly from behind a hill or corner , with no time to react . You memorize this game , not play it , and as you play each level encountering something new will most likely kill you immediately . There will never be that magic moment you find in games like GTA3 or Tony Hawk , when you 've learned the skills to start improvising , reacting to new obstacles as you encounter them and making up your game as you go . No sir , not this game.Calling Stuntman `` difficult '' is n't accurate enough . Frustrating , too restrictive , poor controls , and annoying are better descriptors . I would n't even recommend renting this game unless you enjoy insane obstacles . Buy it with risk .
 Hi there.Let me start off by saying I love movies-they are my passion . Everything about them . My collection holds over 200 VHS and 40 plus DVD 's . I also love Playstation 2 Video Games . To have these two things combined into one made me EXTREMLEY excited when I heard about the release of Stuntman . The commercial 's on TV made me even more excited-it looked like a great game . The premise of being a stuntman on several movies is a great idea for a game.So on Tuesday morning , I walked over to the local Blockbuster Video and rented a copy without even looking at the other games . As soon as I got home , I started playing . I was VERY impressed at the beginning . It was very , very fun to drive around London -LSB- each film you work on is located in a different city around the world , the first being London -RSB- smashing into things , doing chases and barrel rolling the car.Then the problems started.The game focuses way too much on detail-if you do one single thing wrong , it screws you up and you have to start from the beginning each time . If you hit the wall just a little bit , you go spinning WAY out of control , and you never have a chance to get back into it-there is very little time , usually 15-25 seconds to do a number of stunts . And each time you fail , you are taken back to the loading screen for some reason-so if you had an idea of why you failed , and have a possible solution , by the time you are back behind the wheel you will have forgotten because of the constant loading.So I fianlly completed the first film Tuesday night , after many hours of playing , and many hours of frustration.Then the second movie started , in the country land of USA . Now , I started this movie on Tuesday night and on Thursday morning I am still on the first scene of it -LSB- each movie is divided into 3 or 4 scenes , each with 9 or 10 stunts . -RSB- This scene has 19 freaking stunts-its impossible !!! One of them has you going off of a jump and through a train-sounds cool , but if you are n't doing everything perfect , then you miss the gap and have to start over RIGHT AT THE BEGINNING !! I was lucky several times to make it through the train , but each time I did , I would come to the part when two huge chimmneys fall down-you have to drive right under them , right before they fall down . This is not possible though . There is probably a 3-4 second gap between them , and they both fall down at the same time . I was lucky enough once to make it under the first , only to be crushed by the second , putting me right back to the beginning . I do n't know how it is possible to get past this scene-I have lots of respect for those who can do it . This game almost had me throwning the contoller through the wall . I 'm sure there are many people out there who have done this in frustration.If the developer 's could have done one thing to make it a bit easier , it would have been to let us practice each scene first , with no time limit , to get a feel for the area . In most cases , I even got lost , putting me back to the beginning again.Please do n't rent this game , let alone buy it for petes sake !! Stay away , it will give you ulcers or a heart attack.Thanks for reading , I hope this convinces a few people not to play this -LSB- game -RSB-
 Thank God I rented this game - I hated it so much I am compelled to write this scathing review . Stuntman flat out -LSB- stinks -RSB- - I hated it.There are two ways to play this game
 Ok ... it 's not hard to find the gist of this game . The stunts are cool , yes , but it 's unreasonably hard . I end up playing each level 15 or more times before I can beat them . If you ask me it ruins some of the things that should be fun like crushing cars in a monster truck rally . You are timed , so it makes it even harder , and I assure you that if you do n't have a lot of patience , you 'll end up burning the CD . I give it 2 stars because the stunts are nice , and so are the explosions , and I do n't ' know why people complain about the loading times , they 're not bad at all . They really could have done a lot more with this game .
 The graphics for this game are good , but it is too hard . If you do 1 mistake you have to start over again . Also the time limit is much too short . I would recommend this game to people who are good at hard games and enjoy car games .
 I rented this game hoping to have a good time and be surprised by some of the features that this game should have . I was seriously upset.First the Good : It 's orginal -LRB- even though the plot is pretty lame and unorginal -RRB- you wo n't beat it in 3 hours.The commerical is nice.You rented before you boughtNow the Bad -LRB- in depth -RRB- : The graphics are borderline PSone . That was a pretty big let down - so do n't let the `` cool '' cover -LRB- or commercial -RRB- fool you . Next you are n't prepared for anything you are going to do , it 's all trial by error ... hmmm realistic ? Do you think actual stuntmen -LRB- or stuntwomen -RRB- just run into stunts without knowing what ... they will be doing ? Most likely not . So of course you will fail many , many , MANY times -LRB- over some of the simplest things -RRB- . And everytime you fail , you have to wait for another load time.Now `` why would you fail so much ? '' you may ask . Well it 's an easy answer Billy , the fact that the physics and vehicles are anything but realistic.Let me give you an example.How many amored cars -LRB- that shoot tank shells and are heavily armored -RRB- have you seen that ca n't make it over a simple curb ? Or Come to a dead stop due do a rock a fraction of it 's size?How many cars or any vehicles -LRB- such as tanks , monster trucks , motor cycles -RRB- have you seen that bounce and twirl like a rubber ball ? It certainly is easy to flip a hundred times on this game , and nine times outta ten you wo n't land back on your wheels -LRB- not that you will be able to make up for lost time anyways -RRB- . Next this game does n't have near as many options or features as it should , the ones it does have are very limiting and boring to say the least . Such as the `` Construnction '' feature ... let me tell you , once you 've played with this for 20 mins - you 'll be bored with it . End of storySome gamers like to sound mature and all knowing by saying `` This game is a challenge ! Not meant for kids ! '' In some aspects they are right , but really . . who wants to rent poke ` mon games all the time ? This game is frustrating , simple as that . If you have a short temper , keep the breakables away . Rent it if you like - but Driver for the PSone is much much better .
 Even though you can skip the pre-start stage footage/scenes , it 's annoying and in the way when you just want to goto the start of the next stage . Also , the game has to reload to restart the same stage again . ' A Whoppin/Hollerin ' feels like its the last stage which is usually the hardest . But the biggest problem with the game is that if you make the slightest mistake during a take , you have to start over again . The cars are hard to handle and hitting a pole or car that shouldnt be there is EXTREMELY frustrating . This game can make you throw the thing out the window LOL !
 It is a very good idea for a game with a lot of potential . Unfotunately , the game is as lousy as the movies you perform stunts for in the beginning . It has on-the-spot directions and every little screen change requires a ton of loading . You may be able to do cool stunts , but it takes forever to getto them .
 The game looks good , but plays like poop . If you enjoy being frustrated and angry enough to destroy your PS2 , then by all means buy this absolutely irritating game now . Oh , and Test Drive stinks , too . In fact , the two games are almost identical , so do n't waste your time on either one ...
 This game is by far the hardest one I have ever played . but I did beat the game it just took me a million times on each level to get through after ripping the game out of my ps2 several times and throwing it across the room . Buyer 's beware !! this one is HARD !!!!!
 What a waste of my money ! This boring piece of crap is getting traded in immediately ! The stunts are ridiculously dull . Driver and Driver 2 are 10 times more action-packed than this farce . Avoid at all costs ! Not even worth renting .
 This game is week.Its the most boring game i have and its so hard if i was u reader i would not buy it i would buy GTA3 because this game is so boring.Ex you cant get of the car , you cant ride around the city like GTA3 actauly there is no city the only thing i like about this game is the graphicsand some levels are kind of fun but if i knew how this game sucks i would not buy it also this game is too hard for whoever is under 13 is not going too be able to beat it.And u thatand if u dont belive me buy it and you will see the results
 This game offers the realism of a sprite based megadrive driving game , the fun of hitting yourself over the head with a lead weight , the visuals of a naked 100 year old , the sound of a badly dubbed kung fu movie
 Too much crap to get through before you get to do any gaming . A boring game .
 ... Although it has cool graphics , the game play stinks , and the controls are too much hard-to-handle !!!! ...
 Forget this game ! Its the biggest waste of time and money ! The stunts are made so that to complete them you have to do the damn things four or five times to get them right . Plus their timed stunts which adds to the frustration . If you hit an obsticale or somehow get stopped your time will run out and you 'll have to do it over . And in some stages you have no idea where your going untill the last minute then your so off course that the stunt ends and you 'll have to start over . Save your self the time and heartburn and rent this one , or purcase driver for the psx !
 WWE
 title speaks for itself thats all i have to say . But great superstars though , one of my favorite guys to play is shane o mac
 This turns out to be one of the most overhyped games ever , what a terrible job THQ and Yukes just did with this joke of a wrestling game . All they had to do was use the same gameplay and concept from No Mercy , just improve the graphics , my god how hard is that concept ? The games graphics are good only when it comes to the arenas , but the wrestlers look terrible , their movements look terrible , the whole game looks plain ... well terrible . There is very little redeeming quality in this game , I am warning any of you , you will be very dissapointed once you start playing it . Right away youll start thinking ... `` I waited this long for this piece of junk ? '' . LOL , what a total joke
 This game is bad . Do not buy it . if you still arnt convinced when i am done rent it first . First of all the graphics are not great , some characters look good but others are more cartoon like then no mercy . The moves are recreated terribly , i am sorry fellas but that is not how the stone cold stunner looks . Create a wrestler is a joke , there are only a quater of the options as no mercy , and the new stuff -LRB- like changing the demention of body areas -RRB- are a great waste of time . Whats worse , if you want to change a current wrestler , like say making Hogan wear red and yellow , you have to build him from scatch . Often times , much of the original characters wordrobe is unavalable . There are less weapons , which are not at all to scale , the game play is redundent since there are only half the moves possible per player and no back stage . The arenas look good but only the top five wrestlers have there real music . Guys like Edge have some phony generic music . The only real cool thing is hell in a cell , but that gets old quickly as you really ca n't throw someone off the side like the undertaker did to mankind . Even the battle for the belts and the path of a champion get old quickly , they are too long and redundent . Not to mention how increadibly difficult a triple threat match is -LRB- considering you have to be in one all the time -RRB- Basically it is terrible . WWE X8 is horrible . they should be ashamed that it was the first wrestling game for the gamecube and the follow up to no mercy . Whatever you do , do not buy it ! Its really not even a rental , it will just make you angry . Its that bad .
 this game had yet again potintel 2 b remember as one of da better wrestling games n gamecube history while dat did n't happen because of da graphic it looked 2 fake as if da creaters took a coloring book of da wrestlers and paste them on tv and said now that 's 3 d graphics is n't da gameplay of da wrestlers is n't too bad but is n't too good either when a wrestler falls off da cell n a hiac match it is very funny at times but as very fake looking da graphics of da crowd is ok but could have looked better da create a wrestler is ok but u really do n't have a lot of options n create a wrestlers so u have 2 b as creative as u can 2 create ur favorite wrestlers or create ur own wrestlers n this wrestling game i appreciate da creators add da wrestlers full entrance n da game but u ca n't c da whole entrance because when u watch da wrestlers make their entry 2 da ring and in2 da ring it just looks 2 unreal because da entry of da wrestlers was quickly rush i reckon they wanted da game players not 2 want 2 long 2 play da game so they kept da wrestlers entrance short and not sweet no story mode was da big downfall n this game i am a fan of story modes n a game because it makes da game feel more realistic when u knock da wrestlers down 2 da ground they get back up quicker than no mercy when u want 2 do a big move of da ladder during ladder or tlc matches which makes da game yet again fraud but they improve da wrestlers videos and song as it is more exact 2 da real thing n da wwf
 I own this game and it is the biggest disappointment on the game cube 's already slim library of games . Wrestlemania is the worst wrestling game ever made going all the way back to the nintendo days . It has no carrear mode , well no storylines any way . If you were looking for a wrestling game for its realism this is n't the game for you .
 Wrestlemania X8 is upon us and everyone is left with pie on their face . This game is a huge letdown , considering the hype that was built up for it . Now that is out , everyone who sang it 's praises months before release day are looking stupid . Granted , the graphics and roster is good , but the sound and control leaves much to be desired . Please , next time wait until a game comes out to review it , so other people can benefit from a REAL review .
 If you are looking for a wrestling game that is fun and involving , do n't buy this one . All of the hype about this game is wrong , as the grappling system is reduced , there is no story line , and it will take you ten years to win a belt . . in summary , do n't buy this product !
 This game just does n't feel complete . I feel like I 'm playing a demo for an incomplete , pretty bad Smackdown game . I never was a fan of the No Mercy game , so I do n't appreciate the odd elements they added to try to give it more of that feel . The control scheme is also a little akward . One complaint that I ca n't stress enough is how the lack of moves in the game severely hampers the game . There are only 10 basic moves for every character . Five in the front , and five in the back . Of course , there 's also some moves to be done when you 're opponent draped on the turnbuckle , and moves for you to do off of the turnbuckle . You can execute moves like baseball slides through the ropes , and of course , you can hit them with various items such as trash cans and chairs . The computer AI is cheap , and not only will your opponents team up on you , but they also will decide what moves to do often based on what counter button you 're pressing more often , which can get irritating really fast . I also really do n't like how people can punch you out of your grappling moves . In triple-threat matches especially , it 's really difficult to win because someone will just hit you out of the move you 're executing -- including finishers . The gameplay is just really frustrating at times , and all-in-all , it 's just not fun , which is what games are all about.Did I mention that the sound and music are absolutely horrid ? You 'd think they asked a 3 year-old if they wanted a dollar to pick some sounds out for them . The sounds are not only very limited in quantity , but extremely lacking in quality . There 's actually a bell sound when you hit your opponent in the nuts . Um ... `` What ? '' You heard me right . A bell sound . Maybe they did hire a 3-year old afterall ... hmm . Many of the superstars ' entrance themes are missing , which is extremely disappointing . Booker T , the Hardy Boyz , and the NWO are all lacking their themes , and that 's just to name a few off the top of my head . The crowd does n't respond at all to your taunts , which is just ridiculous . I do n't remember the last time I played a wrestling game where the crowd just sat there when you posed . The slamming sounds get old really fast , as there 's just a few of them . The same thing goes for the punching sounds and the sounds of hitting your opponents with objects like ladders and tables . I simply ca n't stress enough how terrible the music and sound is in this game . You 'll find yourself wanting earplugs to block out the awful in-ring music coupled with the terrible sounds accompanying it . Luckily , you can turn the music off ... but that does n't do much for the sound.The graphics are pretty good , to their credit . The character models -LRB- for the most part -RRB- look good , and accurately portray the characters . Some are better done than others though . One thing that bugs me to no end is how the characters walk in WrestleMania X8 . It 's so corny that it hurts . The characters also look far too stiff all the time . Even during the entrances , you 'll see the characters seem very stiff even though they 're just walking down or doing a little pose . To give the game some credit , the characters do have very good facial expressions usually . You 'll see them cringe as you kick them in the mouth , which is pretty gratifying . Also , the sets all look incredibly accurate to their real-life counterparts . The Raw set looks just like the one you see every Monday . The WrestleMania X8 set looks just like the one that you 'll see on any DVD or video casette of the event . I also have to really brag on the job with the Hel in a Cell . It looks really great , and it 's nice to finally have it outside the ring . The Cell is massive , and while it is annoying having to irish whip your opponent over and over into the cage to break it , the results up top are worth it.Overall , I find that WrestleMania X8 is a fair game which fails to meet expectations . It does n't meet the standard of today 's wrestling games such as the Smackdown series . I really hope that if another effort is attempted in the WrestleMania series , the developers take the time to improve it greatly . There 's plenty of room for improvement . Unless you do n't have Smackdown
 I waited for this game to come out for months . I read a lot of good reviews about the game BEFORE it was released . However , now that I have the game , I can say that this has to be one of the worst wrestling games ever . While the graphics are good , the gameplay is somewhat of a half Smackdown , half No Mercy style which does not work at all . I agree with many other people about how THQ should have stuck with the original No Mercy style game engine . The moves are very limited , the roster is minimal , there is no story mode , there are only 2 outfits per wrestler , there are problems with graphics becoming distorted while grappling etc. and well , there 's just no fun in the game at all . No Mercy for N64 was the best wrestling game ever and I thought that Wrestlemania X8 for Gamecube was going to be even better . However , I was completely wrong . After only two days of playing it , I can honestly say I do n't care if I ever play this game again ... Make sure that you do not waste your money like I did .
 I had been waiting so long for Wrestlemania X8 to be released , anticipating the extraordinary experience I was about to have with the additions of Hell in the Cell matches , TLC matches , the nWo etc. only to have all those hopes of being wowed by THQ once again , attacked by rabid wolves , run over by a Semi truck and set on fire !! The graphics are the ONLY thing that is good about this game ! No storylines like Nintendo 64 's No Mercy , no title belts to be found anywhere on the wrestlers , create a superstar options have depleted and so has my desire to ever buy another wrestling video game again . Is it really that difficult to make neutral entrance videos for created superstars so that I do n't have to use the existing WWE superstar videos for a totally unrelated creation ?!?! From the looks of what I 've completed so far , there are n't too many secrets to unlock and all I am left with is a sense of grief ... . ...
 I absolutely loved No Mercy for the N64 and thought that this game would be the same but only better graphics and sound . Boy was I wrong !!!!! The game is made by THQ -LRB- makers of No Mercy -RRB- , but the controls are totally different . Wrestlers can only do four main moves from the grapple and you have to use the control stick instead of the d-pad . On top of this , the music during gameplay is absolutely terrible . I turned the music off to be less annoyed only to find that the game is practically silent when its off . The crowd barely makes a sound when you perform a good move and is ABSOLUTELY silent when you perform other moves . You get the feeling like your wrestling in an empty stadium !! THQ will hopefully get some of this feedback by game players and decide in the future to make another wrestling game with gameplay like No Mercy . All in all , this might be an okay game to rent , but its definetly no worth buying .
 I was really excited to finally be able to play as the Hurricane , a main reason I was draw to this . And since I have n't found a good enough game to stand even close to No Mercy , I hate the Smackdown series , this was even a bigger dissappointment . It 's just like Smackdown , a nice button mashing game where you just frantically press buttons which takes no skills what so ever . Forget about using low tier wrestlers against the Rock , I did about 20 Eye of the Hurricanes on him and he still got up . The more then 1 on 1 wrestlers matches -LSB- stink -RSB- cause there is no way to knock out the other wrestlers long enough to get a pin . If you 're a newbie gamer who just loves the Smackdown games , this is for you , I highly recommend No Mercy on N64 , I would even recommend the Akklaim games , Warzone and Attitude before this game .
 Let 's get to the point .1 -RRB- Caw is -LSB- bad -RSB- 2 -RRB- The controls -LSB- are bad -RSB- 3 -RRB- The sound is -LSB- bad -RSB- They could n't leave it like No Mercy and just beef it up . They had to make it like Smackdown ! I do n't want to play a Playstation game on my Gamecube . Nintendo had a lot going with there wrestling titles and they should 've stepped in and said , `` Hey do n't screw up a good thing , keep the original developers and make another good game '' But no ! We have a Smackdown style game instead.Save your money .
 only get this game if it 's free my friend and i both have gamecubes and we couldnt wait for this game . my friend bought it the day it came out -LRB- full price it 's not worth it -RRB- it 's is utter crap everything is crap about this game id have a sexchange b4 id buy this game
 Its really wierd because in the game it says WWF . But in the game holder it says WWE . Why ?
 I 've bought many wrestling titles by THQ for the nintendo and have found them all to be great . When this game came out for the GameCube I was excited . Excitement quickly turned into disapointment . Everything that was great about the previous THQ wrestling games is missing in this . The controls are sub-par and the graphics in my opinion are not as good as the 64 's . The computer AI is annoyingly cheap , reversing your best moves when you are at full momentum . Bascially this is a rental and not a good rental at that . Hopefully they 'll be able to improve this title in later installments .
 WRESTLEMANIA X8Let 's be honest , this game is not acceptable by any means . Whether ir be from a wrestling game point of view , a sports game , fighting game or even a video game in general , it is truly not good at all . The graphics are sub par , the controls are really bad -LRB- even worse , in my opinion , than Psone and N64 's WCW Nitro -RRB- and the sound is pretty bad too.First off , the graphics . They 're not clean and neat compared to the SMACKDOWN series on PS2 . Each character is barely individual as well . They just have the clothes and the moves . Other than that , most of the characters look fairly the same . And let 's not even start on the Create A Wrestler because that is also a pain . The game itself is surrounded on the ring and the first few rows of ringside seating and nothing else . What does that mean ? It means , you can only fight in the ring area . You can not go into any back areas and going on the stage still looks a little plain.The controls were n't working for me . I could n't get it down no matter what I tried . Plus the motions and movements of each character are a little stiff . The controls take a little time to get used to . After some practice , it 's not so bad but still , they 're a little advanced for younger gamers.Last but not least , the audio is a disaster . There is no commentary and there are no voices for the wrestlers . The only sounds I heard were when you hit the mat and the audience noise . And the some of the wrestler 's entrance themes are off . Perfect example , the New World Order music is not even the real thing . It 's some really bad guitar power chord and riff fusion and I assure you , it sounds bad.Unfortunately , I 'd have to say skip this one and wait until the Gamecube gets another WWE game because WRESTLEMANIA X8 wo n't be worth your money . Trust me , I had to learn that the hard way . I bought this game and traded it back in 3 days . If you 're still looking for a wrestling game for Gamecube , check out LEGENDS OF WRESTLING II . I 'm not to fond of that game either but , there are a few improvements to that game . Again , do yourself a favor and skip WRESTLEMANIA X8 .
 This game is bad . Do not buy it . if you still arnt convinced when i am done rent it first . First of all the graphics are not great , some characters look good but others are more cartoon like then no mercy . The moves are recreated terribly , i am sorry fellas but that is not how the stone cold stunner looks . Create a wrestler is a joke , there are only a quater of the options as no mercy , and the new stuff -LRB- like changing the demention of body areas -RRB- are a great waste of time . Whats worse , if you want to change a current wrestler , like say making Hogan wear red and yellow , you have to build him from scatch . Often times , much of the original characters wordrobe is unavalable . There are less weapons , which are not at all to scale , the game play is redundent since there are only half the moves possible per player and no back stage . The arenas look good but only the top five wrestlers have there real music . Guys like Edge have some phony generic music . The only real cool thing is hell in a cell , but that gets old quickly as you really ca n't throw someone off the side like the undertaker did to mankind . Even the battle for the belts and the path of a champion get old quickly , they are too long and redundent . Not to mention how increadibly difficult a triple threat match is -LRB- considering you have to be in one all the time -RRB- Basically it is terrible . WWE X8 is horrible . they should be ashamed that it was the first wrestling game for the gamecube and the follow up to no mercy . Whatever you do , do not buy it ! Its really not even a rental , it will just make you angry . Its that bad .
 WWE WRESTLEMANIA X8 is n't the best!The gameplay is stupid.The moves have been copied horribly into the game.I just saw the trailer and the character design is bad.You should look into buying PS2 and getting a real good wrestling game - WWE SMACKDOWN Just Bring It ! Look for WWE Smackdown ! Shut Your Mouth hitting stores soon .
 What ? no backstage brawls . What ? only 6 arenas . What ? no outside interference . This game lacks all of what I thought it would have . 1/4 of the wrestlers dont have thier original entrance themes , there no stables -LRB- i.e cliques , gangs -RRB- you could beat the ... out of Kevin Nash , Scott Hall would not come out to help . No Mercy is still the best wrestling game solely because AKI made it . Yukes , responsible for RAW on X-Box , Smackdown and this game is a very poor game company . I suggest they play the N64 WCW and WWF Wrestlemania 2000 No mercy games before attempting to make another WWE game . The entrances are good with the life like figures and the lightning but thats not enough to make up for the poor game play and poor controls . In other words It looks good but its ... BRING AKI BACK !!! But theres more bad news , the Triple Threat match against the computer turns into a handicap match , especially with ladders , the computer keeps you busy fighting while the other climbs the ladder for the belt . Theres no blood , so this takes away from the reality aspect . The adrenaline system is very crooked so thats why you find the computer reversing rvery move you thought about doing . And Finally , Theres no storyline no , legit belt trading it turned into a Street Fighter low replay value game . All you do is play it once and youre satisfied . DONT BUY THIS -LSB- junk -RSB- .
 I was very dissapointed with this game . It seems like it was rushed , and a lot of things were left out . I was happy with the full size Hell In a Cell , but the Create a Superstar mode stinks -LRB- not a lot of attire , moves , etc. -RRB- the Path of A Champion mode is boring because there 's no storylines , and going for the Tag Titles stank because it 's only a one player mode , so two guys ca n't gang up on the CPU -LRB- obviously so it has an advantage -RRB- . THQ spent way too much time worrying about the graphics and sound quality , and did n't give hardly enough matches or environments . No Mercy for the N64 was a LOT better than this game .
 I got in the mood to play wrestling games , and it mostly stems from me having a lot of fun with them when I was much younger , and really enjoying them up to about N64 , but that was also about the age that I stopped following wrestling , so I do n't know many of the new wrestlers , about the time that the WWE was formed as I was much more into ECW and WCW . Anyways , I got this game and I have to say that it just feels like it was rushed to marked on some sort of deadline , but without the team behind it that many big sports games like madden have , and I ca n't help but feel like if the developers had just put some more time into it , then it could have been at least something . From what I understand , this was a really big wrestlemania , and it makes sense that they would want a video game tie in . I have to say that since I am not as familiar with many of the names as some of the other reviewers , the game just does n't look very good . There is a lot of footage mixed in , which always signals to me that they had to put something there since the actual graphics are much to be desired . There really is n't much of a story mode , and the create a wrestler features here are a joke , and the most important part of any wrestling game , the way that you actually fight , well the controls and the point just suck . There is no other way to put it . The matches just feel aimless . Easily the worst wrestling game on the market . Sure thee are lots of different kinds of matches and a couple of cool features , but maybe they should have focused on just getting the first one right and going from there . Avoid at all costs .
 This game sucks . I got it when it first came out expecting it to be fun . I did ` nt care for the graphics for one thing . The graphics on the characters faces looked some what crappy . I thought there could have been more superstars and it was a bore . Since I got the game I have played it about three or four times.I was disappointed . Either you Love or Hate . I will most likly sell it either here at amazon or Gamestop . I would not recommend this game to anyone , wreslting fan or non wreslting fan .
 The year is 2002 . President bush is plaining an invasion on Iraq because of threats of Nuclear weapons , America is entertained with American Idol . And the WWE just celebrated another Wrestlemania . In 2002 thq came out with this wrestling game . When I saw it I thought it was going to be one of the best wrestling games . But I was wrong . The controls are easy . But the game is bad . If your stone cold and you nail the stunner they get up right away . Just like on smackdown you can pop a finisher anytime . The Music is bad . And the story mode is god awful . If your champion you do n't come out with the belt . My friends do n't get Smackdown -LRB- err -RRB- I mean Wrestlemania X8 Get Day of reckoning . This game is very bad and should have never been created . Shame on you THQ For this game . Shame Shame Shame
 everyone who put a bad review , it 's true , the game -LSB- stinks -RSB- . everyone has already summed it up pretty good . the create a wrestler , you cant create a wrestler and expect him not to look like another wrestler . no story mode . no backstage . no billy , chuck , xpac , maven , nidia , torrie wilson , and about 15 more . there is no hidden old characters like was said in an earlier review . there is only raven , flair , rhyno , benoit , stacy , and vince . wheres hogans red and yellow !!!!!?????? y is scott hall on the game ? why cant you change the wrestlers cuurent suits ? only two suits per superstar ? only 4 specials per superstar ? no special taunt ? where 's AKI ? we dont want yukes . forget Yukes ! y didnt they just call it smackdown 4
 Everyone told me this game was going to be like no mercy.like when tap the grab button , then you can perform a weak move , or if you press and hold the grab button , you can do a strong move , not on here when you press the A button they do a move quick and in a hurry Smackdown just bring it style , i pick Hulk Hogan , hes comming out with some stupid music , so did Hall and nash ... you move by useing the stick and not the D-pad , which -LSB- stinks -RSB- BRING BACK THE PEOPLE WHO DID NO MERCY !
 this game $ uck $ ... hard . i do not believe i have ever witnessed a game so bad . i will leave all you wrestlings yahoos to your goofy fantasies.i think i just saw one of the hillbillies from deliverence.for those of you who understand that wrestling is not real and still think it is entertaining , i only say ... you have no taste.as for this game ... unfortunately there will be more of this garbage .
 this is a good game you should get its awesome you cool wrestling stars and great graphics coool wrestling moves too you get to use chairs and bats my adviice to you is to get this game
 This is the absolute worst wrestling game ... EVER ! They take a bunch of good ideas and run them through the mud so that you ca n't actually see that they are good ideas . Horrible gameplay and below subpar animations -LRB- hands through heads and choke holds through backs -RRB- make this is an absolute money pit .
 Having loved the Aki/Asmik WWE games on N64 -LRB- Wrestlemania & No Mercy -RRB- , i 've been looking forward to this for a long time , & i 've never been more disappointed by a game in my life . The game has been developed by Yukes , who did the Smackdown series on PS1 & 2 ' & while it looks very impressive when running on demo , it 's awful to play . No story modes , no interference , a lack of some characters real theme tunes , a criminal lack of moves & the worst blocking system in the history of gaming . It plays like a very rushed , unfinished game , & is simply no fun to play at all . Avoid like the plague .
 ... c'mon what is this a barbie game this is wrestling !!! that alone is a turn-off , also i 've read that the moves are limited , theres no run-ins the music is bad -LRB- but that i do n't mind -RRB- i mean theres a bunch of flaws . This happend to me several years ago when i bought wcw mayhem it was n't as great as revenge -LRB- wcw -RRB- and wasted money on it . So i know the feeling of thinking that you 're in for a treat insted you get tricked . Just a little advise for my friends at thq ... next time listen to your custumers and give them what they deserve if you know yuke -LCB- stinks -RCB- so hire AKI because it 's better i mean c'mon this is a GAMECUBE 128 bits use them !!! and stop thinking that we are ignorants man !! believing that we would ` nt notice the flaws HA ! -LRB- these people have no idea what so ever in what they 're doing -RRB-
 this is the second review i 've written for this game . i do n't know what happened to the first.this game is just plain bad . it actually made me angry playing it . all of the people who wrote early reviews giving it good ratings should really have their reviewing rights taken away.bottom line , this game is horrible . if you absolutly have to have a wrestling title for the cube , get legends of wrestling . at least its honest about how bad it is .
 I had read all the reviews before the release of WWE Wrestlemania X8 . I was eager to pick this game up , thinking this was No Mercy with better graphics . June 12 came by and I picked up the gamecube and Wrestlemania X8 at the same time . When I started my first match , I was amazed at the graphics and the entrances . But when I started playing , boy , was I disappointed . I felt betrayed by THQ . Why could n't they have AKI develop this game instead of Yukes ? Could n't they just make this No Mercy for the Gamecube ? The gameplay is just not smooth . What happened to all the moves ? It seems as if the list of moves that we saw on No Mercy were cut in half . What is with these moves anyway ? I do a clothesline and the opponent falls forward as if he got hit on the back of the head . The amount of moves is limited to 5 front grapple moves and 5 back grapple moves as opposed to the 10 front and 10 back grapple moves on No Mercy . You 're also limited to only 4 special moves . The sound quality is the worst I 've heard . Another thing missing is the backstage brawling . What 's a hardcore match if you ca n't duke it out in the locker room?Updated roster ??? I know X-Pac -LSB- stinks -RSB- , but where is he in this game ? He 's not even a hidden character . Well , I played a few TLC and Hell in the Cell matches ... . and then I turned it off and plugged my N64 back in and continued playing the best wrestling game out there yet ... . No Mercy . If you want this game , get it from the used game section since there should be lots of them there . Please , bring back AKI to develop the wrestling games !!!
 ... and then proceeding to fall down a rocky cliff . How could this game have been so wrong ? I can not help but compare it to No Mercy for the N64 because No Mercy was the epitome of what a wrestling game should have - great single-player mode -LRB- with storylines and differing results to differing outcomes -RRB- , an extensive and always-fun Create-A-Wrestler , a wide array of wrestlers to play as , being able to go backstage , and other numerous upsides.Yes , No Mercy was lacking in TLC matches , Hell in a Cell , and others , but that 's why the GameCube exists . That 's why , on the next-gen system , all the new features are supposed to implemented with gusto . The features ARE indeed there , but it 's too bad that the gameplay itself is an atrocity - and that 's why this review gets so negative a rating.It is so EASY to transfer the exact same controls as the N64 games to the GC controller . I could describe it right now , but I 'd be wasting valuable review space.Minor HORRIBLE aspects of this game include : - You need to wait about 20 minutes for your character to get up from being hit.-No backstage fighting ; we 're going back to WrestleMania 2000 where you could only fight around the arena.-The Create-A-Wrestler is a disgrace . 9 different shirts to choose from , a few logos , and a few colors . As opposed to the 150 + shirts in No Mercy ... and those are just the shirts ! - What !?!?! I ca n't even change the appearance of a pre-existing wrestler , but he can have new moves !?!? Whassup wit dat ?? - The moveset for each wrestler is horrible . While No Mercy had around 40 different moves per wrestler that resulted from a strong/weak grapple , A/B and a direction , WM X-8 has 5 moves from the front and back , regardless of a strong or weak grapple -LRB- there 's one kind -RRB- and the moves are the most basic and weak-looking . So that 's 10 grapple maneuvers that are n't even interesting to look at.-The computer gangs up on you in Royal Rumbles and Triple Threat matches , especially . No matter how good a player you are , this game is NOT FAIR.It 's pretty much impossible to do reversals.And that 's just a glimpse at all the problems with this game . The only good part about it is the graphics and the entrances - that 's all . Not even worth playing , not worth renting . DO NOT BUY IT.Don ' t think to yourself , '' `` ll get used to it . '' You wo n't . You 'll become disgusted with it after about four matches of trying . Wait until the next wrestling game comes along . I seriously hope that AKI develops the next one , and that they learn from their mistakes . It 'd be so EASY to make it like No Mercy -LRB- but better ! -RRB- so why do n't they do it !? I hope this persuades you enough to save your money . Buy Metroid Prime instead ! 20-star game !
 Fans of the N64 wrestling game series waited long for a next-gen successor to take Nintendo to the next level of sports entertainement . They will have to keep waiting.Wrestlemania X8 sports what feels very much like Smackdown , but lacks many of the features the Smackdown series made it big for . The Create a Wrestler -LRB- CAW -RRB- system , while creating smooth wrestlers , is very limited . Here 's a rundown : Graphics
 people really should stop writing reviews before a game comes out or before they even play it . . people give this thing 5 stars based on features they read about . . point is there are a lot of `` cool '' features in this game . . yes . . but overall the game is n't worth your money . . like others have said . . they really should 've stuck to the old wrestlemania/no mercy game engine ... every single one of the smackdown series are garbage and they keep making similar games . . the controls are bad . . moves are very limited . . and it 's FAR from realistic . . it gets very annoying playing the computer and having to put up with the same moves over and over . . the royal rumble is weak . . the ladder match is pitiful . . the hardcore match is just dumb ... there 's no commentary ... and there are so many little but significant things wrong with this game i ca n't fit them all into this review ... but as you play you will surely notice them . . a bunch of features isnt everything . . it 's how well they are actually implemented . . it 's hard to believe the game makers actually found this acceptable before releasing it . . you 'd think they 'd get some wrestling experts and fans to play the game , test it for flaws and work to make it a good game ... do they even watch wrestling ?? Those looking for simple wrestling game should try it out , but if your into wrestling and have been looking for a great wrestling game . . this one is n't for you -LRB- nor is smackdown or raw -RRB- . . time for me to get out my n64 for some no mercy . .
 Before I begin this review , I 'm not going to pick on anyone else 's review on Amazon , but I will state that this is my personal opinion of the abomination that is Wrestlemania X8.Here 's my review-Graphics-The graphics for this game are n't the best ; and there 's no excuse being that the majority of Gamecube games have excellent graphics . Still , I 'm at least able to say the wrestler models are smooth , and the framerate is consistent , but man o ' man are the graphics buggy and collision detection is truly crap . In fact , most wrestlers lack detail altogether and look about as generic as possible . The arenas themselves are decent at best and looks very crisp with clean textures , however , the crowd looks about as bad as it can get which would be a giant block of humanity flattened and displayed at 2-frame loops.Nothing special to talk about here . The wrestlers do n't sell moves , generally do not look hurt and are n't exactly too accurate in size . Generic , boring graphics galore.Sound-One redeeming quality of Wrestlemania X8 would be the sound ... and that 's as far as music goes because the sound effects are muffled and bad . The music is really good . Each theme is accurate and a lot better than I anticipated . Just do n't expect much when you hit a wrestler or slam them other than a light slapping noise or a muffled thud.There 's no commentary which really sucks . I often wondered why WWE games for Gamecube could n't have commentary when Ultimate Muscle - Legends vs new generation for Gamecube does.Gameplay-Here 's the really bad part , as if the sound and graphics were n't bad enough , in comes the incredibly boring gameplay.Westlemania X8 does feature a decent enough roster , but the moves are limited and that 's the main problem with this game . The movesets given to each wrestler is about 5 or so moves , a finisher , running attacks , standing attacks and some ground attacks . On paper , this would n't be bad , but considering every wrestler has the same bodyslam , suplex , as well as other moves shows just how much this game truly sucks . Even the smaller wrestlers movesets are about the same with minor exceptions.The match types would n't be bad if this game was better . You get single , tag team , TLC , Hell in a Cell , Cage , Rumble , Handicap and some other match types.The roster could 've been really good , but the graphics are so bad that I could truly care less who 's featured in this game . The roster consists of - The Hardy Boys , Rob Van Dam , Hulk Hogan , The Rock , Stone cold steve austin , Triple H , Undertaker , Kane and a few others . There are about 40 some odd wrestlers plus some unlockables . But the one thing that truly pissed me off was the fact that this game had the NWO in it and is such a crappy game . I ca n't stress it any more how much you should stay away from this game . Bad controls , collision detection problems , bad graphics , limited engine , and so many more screwups makes this title only worth owning if you intend on buying the entire series of wrestling games like myself . If you 're a collector , get it , if not avoid this one . It 's literally the worst wrestling game of the 6th gen and possibly ever ranking alongside such failures like WCW Nitro , WCW thunder and the abysmal WCW BACKSTAGE Assault.WCW Vs. The World for the N64 is a helluva lot better than this game in every way and that 's a wrestling game that 's 4 years away from being 20 years old . Terrible .
 This game -LSB- is bad -RSB- . The control is hard . The entrances are very bad the sound sounds like it is from n64 and the graphics are as good as Legends of Wrestling . WWF Raw is better then this game . Well this is the best WWE game out there , only because it is the only WWE game out there .
 This is by far one of the best wrestling games to have unbelieveable graphics but can not follow through with great game play . They should of keep the game engine the same as No Mercy or Wrestlemania for the 64 . I have to admit , that I returned the game 5 hours after I bought it .
 this game -LSB- stinks -RSB- worst wrestling title ever , I HATE THIS GAME ! the controls are awful , you can only do like 5 moves with a wrestler , they punch so fast , you cant even defend yourself , this game made gamecube look bad , only reason people gave this game 5 stars was because they wrote reviews before the game even came out , this game is like playing smackdown on playstation , BUT WORST ! only thing good about this game is the front cover !
 I do n't not normally write bad reviews , But this game is just so confusing . When you tame your horse in the second level the bar goes down fast that says you had tamed it and its almost impossible to get back up . Also in the second level you do n't know where to go or what to do next and the booklet to help you does n't tell you anything .
 My 6 yo daughter is having trouble getting out of the fence.This game is not very user friendly . Could you please send us some tips on how or where to knock the fence down and how to climb the rocks . Please help.Thank you .
 I thought it was wrather boring it was a easy to beat and had no point ! It takes maybe an hour to beat but probably less . It 's easy to loose intreast in it . It 's porley done . You feed the horse its favorite food and ride through boring levels and collect things for other animals so you can get past them . Personly it stunk !!!!!!!!!
 I wonder if someone over at DreamWorks does n't really like kids . Why else would they release a game that is buggy ? From the outset , we could n't get the horse to move . We tried everything . Eventually the kids wandered away . As did most of the adults . But determined , I kept trying . After rebooting for the 4th time , the horse FINALLY began to move . HEY , I 'M NOT YOUR TESTING DEPARTMENT ! I PAID YOU , NOT THE OTHER WAY ROUND !! Then once we were in the game , there were many other issues . So disappointing . And why is ther no help button ? Or any help in the instruction book?Nope , I do n't think they like or understand children over at DreamWorks . I 'm going to avoid all there products in the future .
 spirit is a fun game but after finishing it about 10 times it got pretty boring . This game is just too easy ! I have beaten it over 5 times in one day . The movie is great but they should make a more challenging game .
 Buyer Beware ... this does NOT work with XBox 360 . Do n't waste your money . It says it will , but it wo n't . I sold it on eBay . Useless if you have the most up-to-date XBox .
 I recently bought this and thout it was going to be great ! , like on the pc or mac right ?! But NO it 's not at all like the computer version , so I definitely feel like I did not get my moneys worth ! Do not by , just wait for the Sims 3 on the console coming next year -LRB- Hopefully -RRB- !
 This game is not suitable for children , one of the goals on the game is to hook up with more than one sims at a time and it looks like they are doing more than just kissing ! I really enjoyed the first Sims on xbox but Sims 2 is just not for me or young kids .
 When you first get this game , it is very addicting for about a week . Then you get extremely tired of it for about a year . Then you never want to see it ever again . But honestly , this is as bad as it gets . There 's no decent clothing or decent styles for rooms in your house , and you can never find furnishings that you like . So on my free plays , all my houses looked similar because there was only a few house options I liked . You ca n't build two story houses , and your Sims stay the same age always . When you have a family , you ca n't have younger kids , just adults . In story mode , there 's only one house that 's interesting , and even then , it gets boring . Please , do n't waste your money on this one .
 Sims 2 for Xbox had to have been on my amazon wishlist for at least 6 months , even before they had a box shot for it . I 've played every version of this series from PC , to PS2 , and onto Xbox , and havent been really upset with its rough PC to console translations . This edition though has three vital changes from the PC version . First , sims do not age . Secondly , no building of two story homes . Lastly , the sims work everyday , unlike the PC 's 2 days off per week . These arent features that make or break the solid innovation of the series but the game should have been promoted as a stand alone title , and this console version leaves little to be desired .
 P4 2.0 radeon 9700512 MB of RAMRoad Runner Cable ModemThis game will not run on my system at anywhere near an acceptable frame rate , even turned down to 800X600 . My system is not bleeding edge , but well above the minimum specs.I tried the Far Cry Demo , which has just as much foliage , and it runs just fine.I bought this on the strength of BF 1942 and am very disappointed . How sad .
 I bought this game because I loved Battlefield 1942 . One of the major problems with Battlefield 1942 was the single player . . it was boring and the bots were just plain stupid . I had my hopes up that the single player would improve in Battlefield
 I bought this game with the expectations that it would be as fun as battlefield 1942 but with updated graphics . Wrong and Wrong . The graphics are on par with the predecessor and the game is rather annoying . All of the maps are visually the same - jungle after jungle with a few buildings . I have no doubts that in 6 months EA with release a $ 30 expansion pack because these maps are lacking . In BF 1942 there were major differences from close city combat to desert warfare to island hoping naval battles . The jungle foliage is dense to the point that you keep getting shot and do not know where it is coming from if the person shooting you is crouched or prone . It is not as balanced as BF 1942 with snipers ruling the day as they reload instantly . Spend your money on Battlefield 1942 and buy the Road to Rome expansion pack .
 Graphics are awesome but it is very demanding on your CPU . Anything lower then a P4 3.0 and 1gig of memory you find game play very laggy at times.The weapons models look very realistic . Single player mode is fun but will become boring after a few hours . The AI are lazy and tend to stand around . Planes and choppers are very user friendly . Anyone can fly them.Online play . If you have young children beware . There are a lot of angry people online who insist on cussing and yelling at other players . The chat can become very nasty at times . Game play will change online !! There is a patch out for the game . From what I understand it resolved some issues the game had with a select few video cards . There were also a few gun changes which split the m60/law kit and also reduced the accuracy of the US weapons.Personally , I would stay away from this game and wait for BF 2 . If you need your BF : V fix and already have bf1942 you can download Eve of destruction . A free mod . The only difference between BF : V and EoV is ground cover . Other then that it 's the same game . Same weapons , same maps.in short . . I give BF : V two thumbs down .
 i know nobody cares what i think , but bf 1942 and bf vietnam are perhaps two of the worst games i 've ever played . in 2006 , the controls are of course completely dated and terrible -LRB- though i do n't care about the graphics , they 're pretty cool actually -RRB- . bf vietnam does a great job at atmosphere . you really feel like you 're there in vietnam . but then what happens ? the control of the weapons is TRASH . talk about clunky !!! the CALL OF DUTY series blows this game away in every regard . sure , call of duty could learn some things from this game - how to use bigger maps and vehicles for example . but as far as actual GAMEPLAY and excitement , call of duty is infinitely better . there were times in this game where i 'd go maybe 20 minutes without even seeing an enemy ! all you do is walk around , keep walking , keep walking ... maybe this is like real war , but if i wanted to be a real soldier i 'd go join the army .
 I really wanted to enjoy BFV . With all the hoopla surrounding its impending release , I was truly looking forward to some fun gameplay . Alas , BFV is not fun ; and I 'm not talking about technical issues . BFV lacks just about everything that made BF1942 so much fun to play
 I 'm running a P 1.8 ; 512 RAm and GE Force 3 64 . This game is essentially unplayable . Bizzare graphics , freezing and crashing to desktop , slow motion movement at the lowest settings . I 'm sure this game is a lot of fun but I would wait at least 6 months before purchasing . I 've never encountered a so poorly planned and designed game . It 's really bad . They hyped the bejesus out of it and it 's unfortunate beacuse most people will be instantly turned off by the quality . Stay away .
 This game appears to be good , but unfortunately , after purchasing it , I was shocked to find out that it will not run . If you buy this , and have anything less than a Radeon 8500 chip , it will not run . Thus , I had to buy a new video card -LRB- A GeForce 5200 Ultra -RRB- . This makes the game playable , but considering that I have a decent computer system -LRB- Athlon 2400 + , 768MB -RRB- and I still can not play the game on the medium settings without choppy graphics . Any higher setting makes the game simply unplayable . Great game if you have a very high end video card and a fast processor however .
 as a single person shooter this game is a joke compared to vietcong or call of duty this game is going back
 This game is lame . The graphics are poor . But the worst part is the temporary freezes . My computer meets or far exceeds the requirments listed in the game information but is unable to make this game work . My video card is the exact card listed on the box , the drivers are up to date . The fact is this game just does not work .
 This game looks amazing ... as long as you stand still and watch all the fun go by while you wait for someone to come up and kill you . The geforce 3 does NOT meet min specs and it seems I must upgrade . Just as I 'm sure they hope gamers like me will do . Thereby validating the `` alliance '' that Nvidia has with EA . If you are a sucker like me and you upgrade just to play a game , despite the fact your current card is fine , you fall victum to there ploy . And there is n't a thing you can really do unless sitting on your keister reliving the gloried Quake days gets your goat . Nope , if you 're like me you bow to the man and suck eggs all the way to the bank . : -LRB-
 This game is full of bugs . I paid for this product with the understanding that it would be the final product . I can not understand people who would give this game 5 stars when it was so obviously rushed to the market place for profit . Just becuase this is software and not , say for example a car should not mean we should except a poor quality product . Imagine buying a car and then writing a review , `` It is a great car and I give it 5 stars out of five . I ca n't wait until they put out the rcall to make the brakes work and to stop it from stalling out when I reach 60 miles an hour . '' It is a double standard that software companies are used to getting away with . The game is choppy and the buggy . I have a top of the line system and it is still laggy with bad graphics . The AI is terrible . I would not buy this game again and I will think twice before buying another Electronics Arts product . This review is my opinion and is not based on what I have expirenced . Take it for what it is worth .
 After reading all of the bad reviews about this game , I decided to write my own . After buying this game , I played it only a few minutes and went back to origional 1942 . The reason why , it was very laggey on my system . I just thought that I did not have enough horsepower . XP 2800 with 512 meg DDR PCI 3200 and nVidia 5200 . this setup should be great if you take a look at the requirements on the box . Got great frame rates in 1942 . Sometimes as high as 100 but averaged around 30 . Since most of you are probably not computer programmers , I am going to take a stab at what I believe is causing the lag problem . In a nutshell , contacting the server too much . Based on what I have experienced , I believe that 1942 and Vietnam contact the game server and ask permision for you to do anything . For example , change weapons . You press the `` 3 '' key to change to machine gun . that generates a server request , `` Can i have a machine gun ? '' you now wait till the server gets back to you as to whether or not you can have a machine gun . since this happens so quickly and since most of you are not programmers you do not notice it . this asking permission to do anything would not be such a big problem except for that i think the hit points are set up to favor the allies . for example , you and i and in berlin 1942 , i have the DP and you the Stug 44 . Let 's say , it is set up that the DP kills with 2 bullets and the Stug 4 . We both start firing at the same time . remember in order to do that , i think we have to get permission to do so . now , factor in both lag and the hit point advantage i have . you died first . the problem is , that most of you i believe blamed your death on lag -LRB- I actually do read what everyone is writing in the chat window -RRB- even though we both started firing at the same time . so what EA did in vietnam is increase the amount of permissions needed to do anything.I will now explain how that caused the choppyness of the game as a whole . In evey game code , there is something called the game loop . it goes someting like this
 I wish that I had n't wasted my time or money . They orginal 1942 with its 3 expansions run great , this however does not . VERY VERY POOR QUAILTY . AND 3 CDS ??????? WTF ????? I wish I had not wasted my money nor my time driving to get this item.Download a mod like Desert Combat for a good add - on for BF1942 . .
 I have a new , near top-of-the-line Athlon64-based system with equivalent , advanced graphic card , a gigabyte of RAM etc yet this game was still full of bugs and play was mushy at best . At different times , I would get a sort of flare on the screen that would block out half of the action and effectively render that particular game over or unplayable . As a result , I have only played this game a couple of times , which hurts given the expense . I have tried looking for patches but frankly I resent having to spend so much time trying to effectively repair something that should have worked out of the box . This game looks promising with all of the new equipment but if it 's not going to work smoothly , then it might as well be junk . Unfortunately , I do n't have a nephew to give it away to .
 Very disappointing , specially coming from the guys at EA who created the Medal of Honor series . The original Battlefield was original and fun to play , but very low quality graphics and play control . Battlefield Vietnam is no better , just different weapons and maps , they may have updated the engine a bit , but the game runs slow and is prone to bugs . I bought Battlefield Vietnam hoping that it would be much better then the original , but I was disappointed . There is another one coming out , but I think I will wait awhile before buying that one .
 I 've been playing computer games for almost 15 years and this one ranks as a tremendous disappointment . I have several problems with this game . First , the AI is ridiculous -- completely unbelievable . Second , I lived through this time period -LRB- joined the Air Force at the tail end of the fighting -RRB- , and this game does n't capture the feel of it . I 've spent a great deal of time studying the war and found many details of this game so historically inaccurate as to be laughable . Also , even on my high-end machine the graphics looked cheesy . The bottom line is I uninstalled this game after one week . If you 're looking for a game with a high immersion factor that keeps you coming back for more , save your money and look elsewhere !
 I had big hopes for this one . I started getting a little bored with 1942 and Desert Combat -LRB- AFTER 1 YEAR -RRB- . They were awesome and hold the record for most time on my PC . This game did not renew any of the previous enjoyment . I am sure those that didnt play 1942 will be satisfied . Basically , I was looking for something new ... look , feel , sound , gameplay ... something . I just didnt find it with BF Vietnam .
 I have played battlefield 1942 over a year now , and have played the user created mod `` Desert Combat '' for the better part of that year . Naturally I coud n't wait to get the new game , bfv , because of the imporvements to graphic quality and such ; however , the game is awful . By no means is my machine the fastest there is , but it is faster than most , so the problems that I am having with the game is simply the games fault . Firstly , the game is incredibly choppy , the game does n't recognize when a bot has been hit , there are `` invisible walls . '' Now , these are just a few of the programming problems that the game has ; however , the gameplay also suffers significantly . Now , one of the things that I loved about DesertCombat was the realism and the fact that not everyone could operate all vehicles equally . It seems that bfv was created so that just about anyone could simply hop in vehicle and go , ie helicopters will automatically hover when you let go of all controls ... well thats no good . In addition , in an attempt to give the game better graphics , the size of the maps have reduced significantly . when flying jets , it seems as though I 'm always turning inorder to stay within bounds . In short , do not buy this game now , it needs much much much improvemnt . I really think bfv 's predecessor bf1942 is a much better game .
 I loved BF 1942 , and it was with anticipation that I installed this new installment . Much to my dismay , this sequel feels more like an open-source mod than a whole new game . I fail to see the `` great graphics '' that some are talking about -LRB- I have a high-end PC/graphics card , thank you very much -RRB- , and the game is full of bugs . The online aspect has been really buggy so far , with unacceptable lag.My biggest disappointment , however , was with the level design and the overall feel of the game . Whereas the levels in BF1942 -LRB- and its expansion packs -RRB- were brilliant and really conveyed a sheer sense of epic conflict , the levels here are 1 -RRB- WAY too dark , 2 -RRB- Too cramped and 3 -RRB- Boring . I realize that the battlefields of vietnam were different from WWII , but all the levels end up looking exactly the same
 If you expect a first person shooter along the lines of Call Of Duty or Vietcong ... forget it . If you have a video card other than Nvidia ... forget it . If you seek smooth , logical gameplay ... forget it . As a previous reviewer noted , there is definitely something wrong with this game . Movement is awkward and laggy , even at low resolutions . The single player games are pure confusion . The voice-overs and load time will drive you nuts . There is no keyboard reference sheet , and there are at least 50 commands to memorize and use . Land , sea , and air movements require different control setups . The game is bug-infested and the bottom line is ... this game sucks .
 The first time I heard of this game I thought '' finally a shoot 'em game set in Vietnam and since it is being made by EA it should great . '' I was wrong , very wrong . This game is so buggy everytime I blow someting up the screen screws up and I have to push Escape , go the main menu and press escape again to get back to the game so screen will be fixed . This usually works 75 % of the time . And sometimes the screen just screws up and have to do that process I just explained . At first this game was great , but after a week or so , I got so angry I stopped playing it . It could have been a great game , but it is so buggy . The only thing I like about this game is the music while flying a HueyCobra -LRB- it 's a Attack Helicopter with a alot of rockets -RRB- and blowing up enemy tanks which screws up the screen . Oh , yes I forget to mention this . If you have already bought this game and are having the problems like me if you shoot the rocket at the enemy tank and look away it might not screw up the screen . This works 60 % of the time . If you are thinking of buying this game , do n't . If you want a good shoot 'em up game , go buy Call of Duty or Joint Operations
 I liked BF-1942 a good deal but this one is not a good vietman game . If you want a good vietman game , try `` Vietcong-Purple Haze '' .
 What a letdown ... I must say . . All the HYPE EA Games made about this game and it is NOT EVEN as good as BF 1942 . BF 1942 `` Desert Combat '' is far better than Battlefield Vietnam . The wepons suck , the maps suck , the game is FULL of bugs , etc. . . Half of the so called `` NEW '' features do n't even work.All the maps have the same `` feel `` I must admit.The choppers handel much better -LRB- not as hard to fly -RRB- . . The tanks and other veichels are LAME at best . . Tanks -LRB- seem to -RRB- , not get damanged as much for hitting a small bump like before.MY OPTION
 Dont waste your time or money . I dont know what all the hype is about . I played for 5 mins and then gave it away to my nephew .
 get unreal tournament 2004 instead of this crap.this game is buggy , poor graphic and the machine guns are just too powerful . on the other hand , unreal tournament 2004 got very balanced weapons that actualy requires skill to shoot .
 crappy graphics , crappy models , crappy gameplay.resuming , sucks , do n't buy it
 I just want to let people know how much dissappointed i am with this game . I just threw away my $ 50 bucks . I have a state of the art computer system and I can play every other online game with no issues like UT2004 , City of heroes , all other Battlefield series , farcry , novalogic new game Joint operations and I have no problems . Meaning NO LAG . BFV = LAG plain and simple . It feels like you are playing a game in slow motion.The game is a memory hog that leeches to your system resources until your system cant spare anymore and dont release them which equals to `` SEVERE LAG = POORLY WRITTEN CODE '' . Either your guy would freeze up for a few minutes or would move in time delayed jerky movements . You can pretty much do nothing , other than getting frustated at being totally hopeless and getting killed by the time your get some normal movements back and the process starts again . The game also spawns you right in the middle of a fight at your base at the same point everytime and you are a open bait for spawn campers . The graphics are also pretty unimpressive compared to what we currently have out there . I tried majority of the servers out there same lag issues , sometime it wont even let me log in while there are more than 10 vacant slots or more for some weird reason . I uninstalled the game for good after trying the new patch , reinstalling the game etc. . I have gone back to playing the orginal BF1942 and its stable expansions . I would never buy another EA Battlefield series game again until its out for couple of months and gets good reviews . Its game that was released in its early beta state to mint some money . Save your money . . or buy this game and burn it . . your choice ofcourse .
 UI is really poor . Production value is incredibly bad . Weapon balance is bad . Game play is terrible . They scored big with the Invasion of the Philipines map and raised the bar of expectation . Battlefield Vietnam is an incredible letdown to a huge fan of BF1942 .
 Bought this game with great expectations only to be terribly disappointed . This game is absolutely horrid !!! It is not even in the same league as Far Cry . The the missions suck , the gameplay sucks , the interface sucks and even the graphics suck on a 5900 Ultra . PacMan on an Atari is better than this .
 The issue of bugs has been beaten to death . I have a good system and I found that I could n't go for the best graphics , but I did n't have to settle for the worst . It is buggy , but I lack the technical sophistication to argue whether it is my fault or the game 's fault.I was indignant and horrified that the gooks have choppers and armored vehicles . The game creators made bold pretenses with their dubious history lessons before each singleplayer level , then they insult the player 's intelligence . The point should be that the VC can beat the US with numbers , skill and ingenuity . The game makers made BF Vietnam into a farce . This is BF 1942 to a ' 60 's soundtrack with assault rifles instead of Garands and MP 40 's . By the way , this is nothing like real combat . It is a fun shoot-em-up type game and nothing more .
 Absolutely the worst game I 've ever spent money on . Game play is jerky and often stops entirely . Do n't waste your time or money on this piece of garbage . I 'm very disappointed in EA , they usaually have very good products .
 I was a Battlefield
 I would not waste any money on this game . Not sure what EA Games was thinking when they developed this game .
 I am sorry . This was a big waste of money . Long load times , I mean really long . After hearing the same music over and over again I began to just turn off the sound . Why I can not use a joystick for the flying mode is a good question since were in the year 2004 ! and I am still using arrow keys ? Reminds me of my Commodore VIC20 ! There are so many better choices . Call of Duty plays just fine on my computer and the multiplay is outstanding when compared to this play-station arcade game . Repeat , I will never buy an EA game again because of this . DO NOT WASTE 40 dollars on this Salvation Army donation . Thats where mine is going . I can use the tax break and learn a lesson
 OK , so the graphics are better , and some of the maps are cool , but once again we have the fundamental BF failing
 I was debating on buying this one or Far Cry and for some reason assumed that since the Battlefield series had so much popularity and EA was an established name in the gaming world that BF
 thought this game would be fun but it really was n't . lots of bugs really drag the experience . im running an AMD Athlon 64 3200 + with a GeForce 5900XT and im getting white lines while playing the game . could be a driver problem though . i 'll find out tonight . the game is often choppy for some reason . maybe the game would be fun if there werent so many bugs . better luck next time EA
 Ok first off do n't buy this game if you already own other Battlefield titles . The game does not add enough features to be enjoyable for Battlefield fans . To those who are new I 'd give you the thumbs up to buy it . Although it is a little buggy -LRB- Not as much as others would have you believe -RRB- the developers are already working on a new patch . The main feature is the vehicles with the same concept of BF42 except you can airlift vehicles in . Trust me it isnt as cool as it sounds . First off , 70 % of players ca n't fly the helos , 2nd , it takes about a minute to hook a vehicle , and finally , the Vietcong will blow it away as soon as you land . Overall , I 'd say this game is not good enough for a standalone title and perhaps you should consider buying Battlefield :42 , but if you have you 're heart set on it , you 're gon na be a little dissapointed .
 This * looks * like it would be a wonderful game . Really.Unfortunately , the hardware this game needs to run on is not so much ` top of the line ' , as other reviews claim , as it is just plain limited.EA simply has n't gotten this one ready yet . I suppose it 's another indication of the pressure to release games , instead of taking the time to get it right . For example , the sound hardware supported is SoundBlaster or nothing . Have an nforce2 board ? Forget 5.1 sounds . Have a Quadro4 , or FireGL graphics card ? Sorry , we did n't test them.In short , if you do n't have a Dell Dimension Desktop , this game will underperform , and currently has a number of hideous bugs which make the game unplayable . Extremely disappointing , I was really looking forward to this one . Save your money .
 In single player I saw graphical glitches on levels . In multiplayer , I 've had the game crash when a server disconnected , and punkbuster suddenly kick me from a server even though I just have a standard install of the game.But the most important thing is gameplay , and in that this game fails for me as well . Get used to plenty of spawn killing and team killing when playing online . Plus , the weapons are totally unrealistic . You can open up a machine gun on someone and they still kill you with one shot . You can shoot a rocket at someone 's feet and they do n't die but you do . Last I checked , if a rocket propelled grenade explodes at someone 's feet , they are n't going to keep walking . Graphically , the colors are too dull and mixed in . Plenty of times online people just walk right next to each other not even seeing one another . I know it 's supposed to be hard to see in the jungle , but this is like playing in the fog and at dusk all the time . The vehicles are nice , except the jets and helicopters are difficult to control , which is unfortunate because you need pinpoint control of your guns and missiles to actually accomplish anything.One thing I will say is the levels are nicely designed , with huge hills and bridges , etc. .
 I bought this for $ 50.00 -LRB- when it was just released -RRB- and loved how it was team based . It had a lot of potential but so many bugs . Like many others , I eagerly anticipated the patch to fix these bugs . Patch was released and caused even more problems . Now the game crashes constatnly during online gameplay . I use to play this game daily . Now , I have n't touched it for about a month . Bought Farcry instead and play it 's great singleplayer mode . I use to have so much loyalty to EA games , they 've produced so many great games that I still enjoy -LRB- such as the Total War line , Command and Conquer , Madden , NBA Live , etc. -RRB- but their support for this game really left me feeling bitter and burned . They treat their customers like -LRB- ... -RRB- . Take my advice and do not waste your money on this game . I recommend Farcry -LRB- if your system 's video card is above average , although I use a Geforce FX 5200 , I can play fine in low settings and it still looks great -RRB- . Hope this helped .
 should have been called - battlefield vietnam totally sucks so bad and was rushed to market with no quatlity control that you can not even sort the server by ping ... ? Did they even test this game ? You know you are having fun when your screen freezes every three seconds , for three seconds . The weapon balance was well thought out though -LRB- just kidding -RRB- . anyhow , go play the Unreal 2004 demo which is way better than this -LRB- or buy that game if you like -RRB- until the patch -LRB- es -RRB- comes out -LRB- maybe that will help -RRB- .
 I just installed Battlefield Vietnam and spent about two hours playing it . I really enjoyed 1942 , but Vietnam is a huge disappointment . It has some very annoying bugs that make the game play extremely poor , like invisible walls that you can not move or shoot through and usually gets you stuck and/or killed . Floating medical cabinets that you ca n't get to . Flags that remains white because the timer is stuck -LRB- even with no enemies around -RRB- . If you really want this game , at least wait till the price comes down and definitely wait till they have a couple of patches out before buying the game .
 From the get-go , this game never ran properly on then cutting-edge ATI hardware . Antialiasing always produced an artifacting effect on my 9700 pro , and anisotropic filtering had no perceptible image enhancement . Moreover , the game was marred by subpar performance on my 3.2 ghz , 9700 pro system , producing an average of about 40FPS at 1024x768 resolution . I wrote these initial problems off as EA pushing to get this game out the door . But after the game update and several driver updates from ATI , I still get the same issues as when I bought the game in March . Be cautious and check some forums before you purchase this , or else you might be in for a disappointment .
 I must agree with everyone , IT SUCKS!Alot , and I mean a lot of bugs in the game.When it first came out , I thought this is gon na be the best.But was I wrong.The only good thing in the game is the graphics , and multiplayer.Wait when the price goes down , then buy it , and play only multiplayer cause thats the best.I am realy disipointed at this game , and they could have done better , a lot better!Hope this helped . : - -RRB-
 This game stinks . I have Pentium IV 2.66 mhz , 512ram , 128 NVIDIA Geforce FX video card , and DSL and this game stinks.Heres what is good :1 . Great soundtrack . The music is awesome .2 . The idea . the idea is great . The way it plays out is not.I first decided to play the single player mission to get the hang of the game . The graphics were n't very good and even this part of the game lags . The movements are jumpy and it takes along to load . So I decided to try on-line and see what it was like.I could n't even log onto a game because I had the wrong version . I just got the game that day and it had n't been out long . Plus this game comes with some software called Acegain Liveupdate . It is supposed to automatically check and download any patches and updates . Well , it did n't . So I said OK to update . I waited and waited and waited and finally after 1/2 an hour , I cancelled it and went out on the internet and looked for the patch . After waiting a little over an hour , I finally got the patch and loaded it . The patch did let me enter an on-line game and it did help with the graphics , but the game was way too laggy . According to my ping , I was running less than 70 and I had the 3rd best ping out of 16 people and I still could n't move very well . I was warping all over the place . So I tried another server and another server and after 17 tries , I found a game with only 5 other guys . And guess what ? It still played like crap . Not sure how the other 5000 + people that are on everyday keep playing this , but they are.I thought the idea of doing helicopter drops and firing weapons from a helicopter and some of the booby traps you can set sounded cool . And it looks like the maps were done very well and there was lots of potential here . But somewhere along the line something happened . And it is n't good.I have also read some reviews here that said you had to have certain video cards and computers . Why ? This game should have been made to work with computers no matter what they have as long as they meet the minimum requirements . My computer which is a Dell beats those requirements and the recommended requirements by alot . But the game still lags on single player and multi player . It is just unplayable . I have not had this problem with any other recently released games and should not have had a problem with this one . But it sounds like I am not the only one.Having been a pretty big fan of Battlefield 1942 , I would n't recommend this game to anyone right now . Maybe more patches are on the way but after trying to play this game for around 12-15 hours , I just ca n't do it anymore . I will keep checking for new patches to see if it improves , but for right now , I would tell you to wait for Battlefield 2 which is coming sometime . Until then , I will get back on-line and continue to play Medal of Honor .
 Unplayable FPS . Gameplay is very jerky , long loading times -LRB- two minutes or more when beginning a new scenario ... you have to sit through almost an entire song while waiting -RRB- , annoying/distracting lag when trying to go from stand to crouch to prone , awkward control/feel when attempting to pilot aircraft which I could n't get the hang of despite endless attempts ; overall a big disappointment ... traded in to EB for ten bucks after a few days . Reccommend Call Of Duty instead .
 I am a HUGE fan of the BF1942 Franchise . Not surprisingly , I was excited to get my hands on Battlefield Vietnam . Now , I know my computer is antiquated compared to the systems coming out today -LRB- DELL , Windows ME , 1.5 GHz , 128MB Nvidia GeForce 4600 video card , 512 PC800 RAM , 80GB HD -RRB- , but BF1942 generally ran well at 1200x1600x32 with high texture detail and high sound detail . I just loaded up BFV , and even at the lowest settings -LRB- or as low as I 'm willing to play -RRB- 800x600 with low detail texture and sound , the frame rate is deplorable -LRB- and yes , I made sure that there was nothing running in the background -RRB- . My computer is above the `` minimum '' system requirements -LRB- 933MHz -RRB- , but , even at the lowest video settings , the game is unplayable . I 'm not just talking the occasional hiccup , I mean the entire screen image would stop for several seconds . I assumed that since BF1942 ran well and was fun to play on my system , that BFV would also work the same ... nope . Clearly , the new graphics engine and AI requires significantly more system power than suggested by EA 's published system requirements . I 'm sure BFV would be great fun with a cutting-edge system , but if you have anything less than a 2.5 GHz CPU and the latest video and sound cards , I would not suggest buying this game . I guess it 's time cough up another $ 3500.00 and buy a new system ... yikes !
 I really like the BF1942 series and i looked forward to this game launch for a long time . I bought it on the first day of release and , boy , was THAT a mistake ! I should have waited for a demo to have seen how buggy this game was.I have a fairly fast system - an AMD 2700 + / Nvidia chipset / Geforce 4 Ti 4400 graphics card / cable modem . Its not the fastest system on the planet , but it 's played every other game i have tried without much lag or any problems ... until now ! All types of graphic problems showed up immediately . Strange bars coming out of the characters going into the sky - things dropping thru the earth - things disappearing . . what a disappointment!To top it all off , the game play is n't very immersive and feels strange . It 's a little bit to much like BF : DC . In fact , you could play the DC mod and have a better experience that i had with this game.I was disappointed and am hoping that they continue the original BF1942 series with more add-on 's which i will buy without fail.Wait for a demo of BFVietnam to make sure it works on your system .
 I purchased this game expecting everything that gamer magazines and web sites promised . What I saw on my computer was a game with graphics at least 2 to 3 years behind other games . Sure the maps are large and you can drive vehicles but other games now do a vetter job of this . The landscape is very repetive , the AI is terrible and the interaction with objects and targets is very poor . Try Far Cry , Painkiller , Vietcong or UT 2004 .
 Put simply , this game gets old fast and is very laggy no matter what you do in the options menu . Maybe with a really good patch it will turn out okay . I play BF1942 and Desert Combat and I love them both -LRB- especially single player -RRB- , but this was a disappointment . Wait for a patch and more reviews before buying.My Computer : Falcon Northwest P4 3.0 Ghz1 GB RamATI Radeon 9800 Pro 256MB graphics cardAudigy II Sound Card100 GB 7200 RPM Western Digital Hard DisksPromise RAID ControllerAll the lastest driversWinXP -LRB- Current and up-to-date -RRB-
 This game is optimized for nVidia cards.Anti-aliasing and Antistropic filtering do n't work correctly with ATI cards . I have an ATI Radeon 9800 pro , and the game , aside from the water effects , dose n't look all that much better than the Desert Combat mod for BF1942.The net code is buggy , causing lag.This product was rushed . I 'd suggest waiting to buy it -LRB- if at all -RRB- until EA patches it a few times.Graphics were a bit of a dissapointment overall . The character models , etc have more polygons , but the game does n't look near as good as current titles like Far Cry.DX9 optimizations in the game are pretty buggy as well.Gameplay is similar to Desert Combat , in that you die very quickly due to the modern firepower -LRB- the M60 is way over powered -RRB- . Those who enjoy the more balanced approach of BF1942 might be dissapointed in the sense that the game is really fast.On single player it 's actually more enjoyable than multiplayer as at least you can get a jet up in the air before some smacktard strafes you before you can get off the runway.Helicopters are easier to control than in DC at least.DICE and EA did not adaquetly beta test this game -- this is an alpha CD they shipped . Some fundamental things do not work , like EAX support , which kills frame rates and introduces numerous audio glitches.I understand that the developer is DICE Canada -LRB- now acquired by EA -RRB- not the original DICE team.I do n't know who to blame for the lack of working EAX and ATI support , but even if this game is fixed , it 's really little better than a Mod as a number of PC game review sites have written.EA / DICE has to go a long way to earn my trust again after this .
 I love games and first person shooters but I have to say that after recently tryng both Battlefield 1942 and Vietnam I am considering going back to playing board games.First of all the movement is so lame that when I compare it to other games like Call of Duty , I ca n't imagine that the creators of these games were somewhat embarrassed.It 's true that you get to go into different vehicles , such as tanks , planes and jeeps -LRB- yipee -RRB- , but half the time that you are riding shot gun the driver aimlessly drives into trees gets stuck and I found myself killing the drivers just so that I can get into the drivers seat and get moving . The battles are so unrealistic that I wonder how this is even a war game . The look and feel of the game is entirely unsatisfactory and after about a half our I found myself thinking about deleting the game off my system . Guess what , its deleted.I know that games are subjective and that many may think it is just the greatest ... I respect your opinions , but for me , these games were just horrible.It is just my opinion , but What can I tell you ? Try before you buy , and consider yourselves forewarned .
 You like to run around and shoot things ? Then This game is for you . The game has no structure , no story line , and much more bull . Sorry , but the graphics are n't that great . No match for Call of Duty or the newer Delta Force games . Totally for multiplayer fans only . Do n't do it .
 All I ever do is get aggravated at some point when playing this game . Nothing better than shooting someone 3 times with a sniper rifle and not only do they not die , but they run full speed at you unhindered and kill you . I would say that at least 80 % of the time that I die on this game it is after I shot the other person first . I ended up throwing this game in the garbage . Stick with ravenshield if you expect someone to die when you shoot them .
 The idea behind it is great , it does have a great intro movie , and music is top notch ; However , the actual gameplay is very poor and the graphics dated . There is no point to trying to sneak around in the foliage , the only way to be successful is to charge at the enemy , die 50 times and maybe finally get through . I was bored with this game after 2 sessions and glad I borrowed it and did n't buy it . If you have n't checked out Call of Duty yet , it is a MUCH better gameplay experience , it may not have the fancy movies or music but the gameplay and graphics more than makes up for it .
 I bought this game with much anticipation , and after reading all the other reviews , I thought to myself that these reviewers dont know what they are talking about . So I buy the game , confindent that PC could run the game smoothly . Surely it would , right ? WRONG . C'mon now , I am running an AMD Athlon 3400 + -LRB- 64 bits and faster than any P4 chip out right now -RRB- , 1 gig of DDR PC3200 RAM , a 256 MB Geforce FX 5950 Ultra and the game lags offline and even worse on . Do not waste your time .
 After seeing the preview of this game I was anticipating an excellent adventure like Call of Duty . What I got when I purchased it was entirely different . This game is bad . The gameplay seems unfinished , the AI is shaky , the vehicles seemed like cardboard cut-outs , the airplane you have to fly had me cursing my computer , etc. ... There is too much to complain about to even warrent a review . I usually love Electronic Arts games . I 'm a huge fan of Medal of Honor and Command & Conquer but this game was n't worth $ 10 let alone the $ 45 I wasted on it . Luckily a store near me took pity on me and gave me my money back . I ca n't wait for Medal of Honor
 From Hanoi Hanna blasting in you ear to ALL to errors in content , this is NOT a follow-up to Battlefield 1942 . Too many mistakes in battle units and weapons used . EA programmers did not research beyond watching re-runs of `` Platoon '' . The Game Warden sequence does not follow actual operations and Battle for Hue uses incorrect map and units . Only Jane Fonda could appreciate this simulation and do n't be suprised if you see her operating a anti-aircraft weapon .
 Battlefield 1942 was a great game , you could hop into vehicles like tanks , planes , and boats . It also supported 64 players and it was awesome how you could play on a team with 32 other players.All that is back in this game ... BUT THEY MESSED IT UP !!!! First of all the level design gives the Americans 2x the vehicles of the NVA , and they 're guns are stronger . Second of all you can go rambo and run along by your self and kill everyone so team play is never used . And last of all the vehicles are n't fun to drive anymore because you just go off a cliff or smack into a tree every 5 seconds . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME BUY BATTLEFIELD 1942 INSTEAD !
 I got a Nintendo64 when they first came out . Unlike this gold N64 this is not the true gold controler . When Nintendo lauched N64 in a few of them was the orginal gold controler . This `` new '' gold controler is cheap and the paint comes of easily . I would not recommend this to anyone except if it is your first N64 . If you are looking for the true gold controler , good luck because they are rare , or you can call me at 203-629-9381 .
 Let 's get one thing straight
 We never received this item and when I contacted the seller via e-mail they got awful smart with me , so I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN NOR WILL I RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE I KNOW EITHER .
 A yellow electric mouse , A boy 's room , and serveral mini games ... sounds like the beginning of a bad joke is n't it , and that 's exactly what it was . I do n't understand why my friends sits all day infront of the tv and play this game . I mean , it does n't have a plot , there 's no mission , and this game ... I tried playing this game , and I got ta admit , I was addicted to this game for about 3 hours . Then it got really boring . The monsters barely hit each other . If you have a Nintendo64 , and you want something to buy for it . AT LEAST get Paper Mario . PEACE !
 I am a big fan of Pokemon . I think it 's really kool , so my cousin had this game . I played it . It really sucked ! All you do is press an attack and you can see it happen . thats like it ! Its just like gameboy fighting . i recommend you not buying this game . trust me !
 ... Instead of getting the game , why do n't you get your pets to beat up each other ? Same thing ! Except the pokemon look like villians from power rangers . You know ... big weird multi colered plastic armor , purple skin , the works . The moves are like
 This was a horrible game and I reccomend not using it . I usually love pokemon but this is just not like nintendo .
 This game is the worst ! Even more Horrible than the first . For first time gamers I Would n't recommend this .
 My name is Justin Pikachuihate and I can not stand Pikachu . I hate this game and threw out the cartridge only because of Pikachu . I hate products and ads that have a single itty bitty thing to do with Pikachu or even have Pikachu on the box . If Pikachu is on the box , I buy it and put duct tape over the box and cartridge if Pikachu is on it . Pikachu might not be in the game itself . This one 's box and cartridge look harmless . I entered the game and one of the rental choices was Yucky , I mean Pikachu . I hate Pikachu at all costs . Pikachu is available for rent and rival trainers in the battles also use Pikachu making the game even stupider ! I hate Pikachu ! He is sooooo stupid ! Do n't send me anything with Pikachu ! I will throw it out !
 I admit I like the way that the game makes you start off at a small school in the start of your career . You dont get to grab that Miami powerhouse right off the bat . I dont care much for the layout of the game . It takes a few games to settle into the layout of the screen . I would greatly enjoy this game more if they would actually attach a name to a player . I dont like recruiting a number and position . I greatly enjoy reading the review and recuiting in the EA sports game . If your players have names it gives you a sense of watching your players develop . For instance it gives you that opportunity to chat with your buddies and say `` Johnson threw for 350 and 7 touchdowns . '' Not just my QB or # 7 . I like the players having an identity . The play of the game is a little slow and until you get familiar with the interface , plan on having a few delay of game penalties . The future of this game has potential , but I would suggest renting it before you buy it ! Sorry 989 , I am just a little disappointed .
 EVEN ON EASY THIS GAME IS WAY TOO HARD ! Every pass I throw gets intercepted , and every rushing play becomes a loss . This game is a reason to get anger management classes ! I have never played a more frustrating game in my life . Plus , Midway treats football like a pro-wrestling match . It is extremely annoying to have that factored in to an already horrible game . If you want a good football game , get Madden 2003 . This game is just horrible .
 this is one of the worst games I have ever played there was not a single game agenst the machine in which I threw less than five ints and never once did I have one the passing system is terrible you never throw to who you want to it 's almost impossible for you to hit a FG and the machine hits it every time even when they are kicking from the 50 yard line I thank my lucky stars that I rented it and did n't buy this game the one thing that is alright about this game is playing against other people that I admit is kind of fun but I had this game for 7 days and I beat the console once I 'm only giving it one star because I have to
 I BOUGHT THIS GAME IN LIKE 2001 , AND IT IS REALLY HARD TO BEAT THE COMPUTER IN EVEN WEHN IT IS SET TO EASY AND REGULAR EXIBITION . THE CREATE A PLAYER MODE IS OK . NOT WORTH IT TO ME .
 I made the mistake of playing `` Call of Duty '' first based on reviews . Enjoyed myself so much that I bought this because it looked comparable ; Big mistake . Call of Duty ... Wow . Medal of Honor ... Yawn .
 Already had this game but lost the breakthrough expansion disc , so bought this whole package with the intention of using only the last disc ` breakthrough ' . Unfortunately that was the only disc not included . There was a disc labeled ` breakthrough ' but the contents were that of the ` spearhead ' disc . I checked numerous times on different computers and still the same . So I basically have two ` spearhead ' discs . Did n't return because it would cost me more . Great game , if they would have included it ...
 I could not download this game or expansion pack . I have a xp windows and I email EA and they did not contact me about the problem . Of course by the time I tried to download it , it was over 90 days and it was too late to return it .
 This program does not install as described . I have Windows XP . Lots of available memory . The main disc installed , but did not prompt me to insert the second disk . Maybe that 's why most options on the main disc menu are not enabled ? I 've tried to install the second disc separately . It does not work properly . Very hard to navigate . I did n't pay much , but expected everything offered to work . Complete waste of money , no matter what you spend .
 The game was originally named something else -LRB- forgot what it was -RRB- , but changed to the current title to exploit a newly released movie -LRB- you know what it was -RRB- and other popular game titles such as Sid Meier 's Pirates , Age of ___ -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- series.Since the game concept was not original , Age of Pirate
 You did need to install Starforce ! I do n't know how the one positive reviewer installed it without Starforce especially since he wrote the review a week or so before it was released!I played it for 30 minutes and I 'm returning it . Hard to play , controls are awkward , ca n't hit anything at point blank range in the ships , and got slaughtered by the French on the first mission my governeor -LRB- English -RRB- gave me which was to go to a french town and deliver a letter.Other negatives
 I have never played a game that crashed so often . Very frustrating . it was fun until it would crash the first time in a one hour session . But the second time in a one hour session is just Ridiculous . dont know if it is the programing or starforce but its frustrating . The game was fun for a while then became very repetitive .
 I lost my hard drive and nearly destroyed my optical drive after unwittingly downloading and installing 3 Starforce protected games . Problems with slowness and just plain old peculiar behavior were obvious after I installed the games -LRB- on my almost new 17 inch toshiba Desktop Replacement Notebook , P4 @ 3.2 Ghz , Super Multidrive , 80GB harddrive 5400RPM -RRB- . The total wipeout took almost a year , but it was a rough year ... with drivers misssing , drivers being misplaced , electrical failures . It was horrible . It was Starforce.Starforce has a stealth mode where you ca n't find it on your Device Manager 's hidden drivers . Reports have come in that just because Starforce is n't listed in your Device Manager 's hidden driver lineup ... does n't necessarily mean its gone . Bits and pieces and sometimes all of it remains after use of the removal tool . It just erases the name . Check out some of the Boycott Starforce sites as to how to look up and zap the stealth mode.No game should be patronized that uses Starforce . This is identical to having thugs come in and smash your computer . The Europeans not only got UBI to drop the dastardly stuff , they are actually trying to get a class action suit together over the computer damage this junk causes.Microsoft sanctions the use of Starforce and Stealth Starforce . This is a Windows game . I do n't care how good the game is . Patronizing Starforce is sanctioning big business to damage our personal property without any recourse for us . I have no conclusive proof that Starforce caused my problems because I found out about it after I replaced my hard drive . But I have no doubt that it did . Even Microsoft could n't diagnose my problems when my genuine copy of XP all of a sudden said it was n't a genuine copy of XP . After 3 hours verifying product codes and subsequently 4 hours after Micrososft telling me this was n't a hard drive problem , my hard drive failed . Starforce caused me an unbelievable amount of lost time.There 's an editor of PC Gamer magazine that could not get his optical drives working after downloading and installing a Starforce Game . Nothing he did would get them working until he used the removal tool and followed the directions on a BoyCott Starforce site.This stuff is bad . Just because you are n't aware of any immediate damage , does n't mean you are not going to get clobbered by it later on . These hidden drivers can activate themselves without warning nor without provocation ... to check whether or not you are making illegal copies of just about anything.Why people would support this junk is beyond me .
 So soo buggy . I was looking forward to this game for months , only to buy it and discover it was a bugged unplayable mess . The reason for this is that the game is simply a reskined copy of their sea dogs 2 game that they released in 2003 as pirates of the carribean . If you dig into the game files you can even find remnants of code referencing locations and objects from that game that are n't in this game any longer . So really this game is just a retexturing of that game , with a bunch of unnecessary code left in that leads to a bunch of bugged coding that runs into problems at every turn .
 Uses STARFORCE.Was ready to hit the submit order button , but decided to check the Boycott Starforce games listing.There it was ; much to my surprise = since I do n't recall Atari using itVery disapponted ! ----- Hmmm ; copy protection is now optional -LRB- ... see post above -RRB- . Then why include it ? Show me a link and I 'll buy the game asap.Playlogic forum will delete posts with STARFORCE related info ... . read forum boards on the netSome included it within bug/patch related threads = they were deletedPlaylogic will not return STARFORCE related e-mails . I , as well as others , asked if a patch to remove it is in the works.When this game is available without STARFORCE -LRB- ... a removal patch -RRB- ; I will purchase it.The game asks if you want to install STARFORCE ... which will install upon you running the game for the first timeThere is a `` crack '' , to play without STARFORCE , which can be used once the game is installed , but `` before '' you install STARFORCE ... not sure how that works , but you do need the game to use it -LRB- ... on the web in a AoP forum -RRB- ... plus , I do n't `` crack '' my games = you run into risks using them as wellOh , please do n't call us ignorant.Some of us have experienced STARFORCE related problems , know others who have and/or read numerous posts over the years of individuals who have had problems.I did my research on the gameplay , bugs/patches and the game in general.There are forums -LRB- ... not those associated with the game - these will delete STARFORCE related posts ... a bad habit shared by those who have a vested interest -RRB- which will explain any problems ... there are tech-gamer related sites written by industry professionals -LRB- ... columnists -RRB- who have opinions worth noting.On one forum board , some who `` mod '' games -LRB- ... obviously tech savvy and very knowledgeable about games/coding etc , -RRB- noted they wo n't play games that contain STARFORCE.Two noted that they purchased AoP and are waiting for a removal patch -LRB- ... maybe one is in the works ? -RRB- , the other is waiting to see if a patch is forthcoming.Pertinent information based on fact -LRB- s -RRB- does not indicate ignorance .
 This game has Starforce on it . Starforce is a copy protection that was used before Windows 7 came out , when you install the game , it also installs Starforce with it.Now , why this is important , is because it will mess up your OS . In their infinite wisdom , they did not try to make a copy protection that will work on future operating systems , instead they opted to make one that would only work on a current operating system -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- . I gave this game 4 stars for fun , the game itself I think is a decent and fun pirate game . As you can tell , though , Starforce gives this title an overall 1 rating from me as it deserves no less.Do not buy this game if you have Windows 7 , plan on getting Windows 7 , or if you plan on getting any future OS . Starforce will destroy your operating system , requiring you to re-format , try a system restore , or God knows what else to save your computer . Good luck even logging onto your computer . I do not recommend it.People once said Starforce is a Virus . Guess what ? It actually is.Once again , stay away !
 This game is from the makers of Sea Dogs , and Sea Dogs II which was retitled Pirates of the Caribbean . This game is very similar to Sea Dogs II -LRB- POTC -RRB- with some graphical improvements . This game has some serious stability issues , I crashed to the desktop 5 times the first day of playing it , several times losing alot of progress . It was version 1.4 when I installed it so I figured they would have most of the stability issues worked out , apparently I was wrong . The game also uses StarForce copy protection , which has inspired several boycotts among gamers . In Sea Dogs II there was a hotkey to speed up the passage of time while maneuvering your ship or waiting for your cannons to reload , there is no such hotkey in this game , very annoying because sea battles can get long and drawn out especially when you are trying to run .
 I canceled my order for Age of Pirates because it contains StarForce . I would suggest you check out StarForce on the web because it may be something that you do not want on your computer . You can also find on the web a list of computer games that contain StarForce & a debate about what StarForce can do to your computer.I was disappointed to find out about StarForce in Age of Pirates because I looked forward to this game for a long time.Jim Kraus
 Been playing Sid Meier 's Pirates for over a year now and was looking forward to a different game with the same theme . Too bad it wo n't be this one due to Starforce!The Sid Meijer is great if you need your pirate fix ! I 'll just pass on this and wait for the multiplayer
 The game installed fine , but when you go to play it , there is a digital rights management program called Star Force which must be set up first . I wish I had researched it online first , because it totally destroyed my operating system twice.After the first install , and attempt to run the program , Star Force popped up and said I had to install it to play the game . Next I had to reboot my PC . Okay , no problem so far . Next thing I know my computer crashes , goes into a DOS-like screen where Windows tells me it has to do a system repair . At first I thought this might have been a hiccup , but later I tried installing the game again and the exact same thing happened.Next I tried it on my laptop , and while it did n't require a system repair , the program just would n't load -LRB- I 'm running XP 32bit on both computers by the way -RRB- . As with many of these DRM programs , there seems to be a complete lack of ethics . I was not given the option to remove Star Force -LRB- it was never listed on either machine in Control Panel > Programs and Features -RRB- . So I had to do a system restore on my laptop as well.Search the web before buying any program that has DRM such as this . Let the buyer beware .
 I actually tried playing this game twice . I guess over time I forgot the pain the game causes . I probably put about fifty hours into it as I could play about 25 hours or so before the worst of the bugs appeared.The game is quite enjoyable when it is working as it should . Unfortunately this does not happen very often.Not only was the game released buggy but it also was released unfinished . I do mean unfinished.There is no point to listing all of the problems . It would just take too long.If I could give this game zero stars , I would . It really is that bad.Please do not buy it .
 I purchased this game `` Age or Pirates
 Usually when a game relies on sex appeal -LRB- females with big breasts in skimpy outfits -RRB- , it ends up being a poor game . Even at the E3 convention , it relied on models in skimpy clothing to grab the attention of the dominant gamer population -LRB- males -RRB- . Why not use the graphics and gameplay for that ? -LRB- Note
 Sudeki may not be available for a while yet although from what I have read Sudeki : - Will try to be an RPG like Final Fantasy and Zelda for example and feature the same controls as Zelda . - Feature turn based fighting -LRB- not a 3rd person shooter , a gamer from North Ca . -RRB- - Xbox only -LRB- not for PS2 , PC , Game Cube or Handhelds -RRB- - To feature lots of gore and killing -LRB- reason behind the M rating -RRB- - 4 characters to choose from -LRB- not have 4 players playing at once -RRB- - No online link up - nothing has been mentioned about this.That is what has been written on various well-known game sites .
 Some Sudeki facts -LRB- taken from various reliable sources -RRB- : - Will attempt to be an RPG like Zelda or Final Fantasy -LRB- feature very similar controls to those in Zelda -RRB- - The player can choose between 4 characters -LRB- 4 Players can not all play at once -RRB- - For X-Box only -LRB- not for PS2 , PSP , PC , GameCube or any handhelds -RRB- - No online compatibility
 First Amazon states 13th the game will become available . Now Amazon states 20th the game will become available . Whats the betting the date will be pushed back again and again and again?Amazon should only list products that are available now . The amount of times I pre order an item only to receive email after email telling me I ca n't have what I ordered . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 When I first learned of this game I was excited about Sudeki but that all changed when I played it . The game trys to be a `` Jack of all trades '' and ends up being a horrible lame attempt at combining different styles of play . It trys to blend RPG elements with that of first person shooter and a third person hack and slash . The game left me feeling empty because of the many faults ... the most obvious being horrible voice acting , bad AI on the part of your team members , and a disappointing story . I did beat it and wanted to kill the game because it quite possiblily has the worst ending of any game I have ever played . Please do not buy this abomination to RPGs , it trys to please everyone and ends up pleasing no one .
 After reading the Sudeki reviews on Amazon and seeing many 4 to 5 star ratings it persuaded me to obtain a copy . After playing Sudeki I was left thinking just one thought , those Amazon reviews must have been writen Microsoft themselves , no way is Sudeki a 4 to 5 star game . it 's a 2 to 3 star game . Reviews a side here some Sudeki facts : The graphics in Sudeki look good . The movement of the graphics is not so smooth . The sound in Sudeki is ok . The sound in Sudeki is ill fitting , it does not add any atmosphere . The story is weak . The combat system is ill implemented and frustrating to use , it drove me nuts . The voice acting has to be heard to be belived . The voices used in Sudeki are a joke , its almost comical at times . At least thet made me laugh alittle . Sudeki is a nice idea that as far too many short comings .
 I was excited to finally see a RPG on Xbox that was able to get my attention . I have always been a fan of the Final Fantasy series and looked forward to getting my hands on an RPG that had the graphics capabilities of the Xbox . I was quickly impressed by the looks of Sudeki , smooth textures , great colors , very nice . I was just as quickly disappointed by the rest of the game . The voices are terrible , and the music is even worse . I play most of the game without the volume up . The absolute worst feature of the game , though , is it 's simplicity . As I said , I 'm a Final Fantasy fan , long games with quests that are at least challenging . This game lacks both of those features . It is extremely short for an RPG and there is no such thing as a challenging quest . Also , they max out your experience at level 30 , there is a pretty short list of special skills that you can learn , and a very small assortment of weapons . This is probably a good RPG to start a 10 year old off with ...
 after playing fable , i thought i would try another rpg . this game was a dissapointment . the story line isnt as interesting and the gameplay didnt feel right . i was bored after an hour of playing .
 Right . Held my comments until I finished it . -LRB- was ready to pan it from barely an hour in though ! -RRB- Sound - Who cares ? Good voice acting , but nothing that you absolutely had to listen to , so why bother ? Music is fine , but not really inspiring or epic . That said , probably the best part of the game!Graphics - `` Pretty '' , but very static . Everything is what it is , and , other than pushing a few locked outhouses around , it all stays that way . Not much to see with only three small worlds to explore , but the variety that is present is alright . The lead character looks like a woman , and despite clothing designs on the actual female characters that leave nothing to the imagination , that familiar Xbox bounciness just is n't there . Coolest thing is an intro bit with backlit cutouts/puppets/marionettes . Gameplay - Tackles many genres and succeeds to really master none , the last people who will really love this game are hardcore RPG enthusiasts . Plays more like a shooter , except the paths you travel are devoid of anything more than the occasional merchant or breakable box . Another one of those games where barrels and boxes reappear in the same place over and over again , and you break them each time wondering , `` Am I really irritating some poor sanitation worker who has to keep replacing these ? '' Interaction with NPCs is lifeless , and a bit pointless , and worst of all it continually falls out of context . For instance , some fisherman or whoever will give a reply fitting to the barbarian stranger in town , but switch to the princess and the guy still talks to you the same way -LRB- what , no `` Your Highness '' ?! Off with his head ! -RRB- . Seems odd like when you are running around as a character FROM the place you are exploring , yet she/he is asking questions like , `` So , what 's it like around here ? `` Puzzles - None to speak of . There are a few rooms that require you to do the old push/pull the box ordeal , but they are so simplistic as to be pointless . If you call being told to collect a bunch of gems , having to run in and out of the same area fighting the same enemy over and over to get them , and then returning them to the NPC for some cheapo potion , then yes , there are puzzles.Battle - Combat takes place in mini-arenas that seal their exits shut until fighting ends , and you pretty much have three choices
 I like RPG 's they are my favorite genre of games so when I saw this at my local videostore I decided to try it . THANK GOD I rented it and didnt buy it or I would be really mad that I blew $ 50 -LRB- at the time -RRB- to buy this peice of crap . The voice overs are terrible and the storyline is odd and whats with the whole switching to first person mode on the sorceress and the scientist characters thats soooo dumb . Im not going to go on complaining any more but just know that if you are looking for a good RPG you may want to try these :1 . Fabe -LRB- XB -RRB- 2 . Final Fantasy
 Given time the manufacturer should supply some information on Sudeki , and then Amazon will hopefully post it up . The Sudeki story line remains a mystery to me , what I want to know is who is the bimp wearing the world cup inspired bra on the box cover ? and the large headed woman on the left carrying the over sized potato peeler weapon that looks very rocky horror show?Star ratings are pointless given that fact Sudeki is not available at the present time . So please ignore the 1 star rating as a rating needs to be entered at Amazons request .
 When I first heard the voice acting in this game and realized they were the same people that were used in the game Fable , I thought , well it 's been done before in other games until I heard the princess 's voice which ended up sounding like an english woman gargling on asphalt -LRB- dare I steal a joke from one of my favortie comedian Patton Oswalt -RRB- , but the other thing I noticed about the princess and the other woman character immediately was the fact that there clothes had that male ballerina effect . In other words you could make all of her body parts as if she were standing there naked . Other then this part that was added that also made me realize why this game got such a high rating from Maxim magazine , I thought the controls of this game were bad.The fact that it turns into this `` interactive '' game during fights are annoying since your in first person perspective and have to keep turning around just to see what 's hitting you from behind which is annoying and tedious . Plus in this game you can mobbed BIG TIME . If you just happened to be standing next to an intial bunch of enemies , they will ALL come after you . The only things that stopped me from sending this game back was the `` visual '' entertainment ;--RRB- , and the fact that this was one of the few games that I wanted to try for my xbox that I payed 200 dollars for . Other then that , it 's not that great of a game , game play wise and story wise .
 I picked up Sudeki at a bargain price , thinking I was onto a good thing after reading various magazine reviews . After playing Sudeki for a few hours it did n't really click with me , so it got put in the pile of games to play when I ran out of better ones , and I generally never get to those - there 's always Gitaroo Man to zap through again , or a dance mat to jump up and down on , so in reality is a game that 's been consigned forever to the gaming shelf , thus saving me the effort of ever having to play it again . Harsh words , sure . What I can say about Sudeki is this
 I rented Sudeki expecting something like KOTOR meets the realtime fighting style of Baulders gate . But instead this game sucks when you play as Allish or Ellco it becomes a first person shooter which is so dum because you cant see if some one is attacking you from the side and its hard not to get hit.Then if you play as Buki or Tal the combos are a little limited and very slow . Also Allish 's voice is SOOOOO ANNOYING OMG I WANT TO STRANGLE HER WHEN SHE TALKS !! This game sucks and if you want a good RPG to tide you over until Fable comes out try Samari Warriors . DO NOT GET THIS GAME you 'll be sorry .
 Let me first explain there were good elements in this game . The graphics , espescially those of the environment were great . I also do like where the combat system went . Firstly the voice acting . It 's horrible . Thats about it on that ... its just horrible . The music was most likely bad . Or at least forgettable as I ca n't remember there being music . Mayve some techno sounds in the background I guess . Then the story . The story is a rushed peice of crap not fit for a shallow action game involving half-vampire unicorn babies . Or something equally stupid . Not to mention it jumps along from learning of the great evil you must face to facing it five minutes later in one of the many crummy single person boss fights . All of which have an easily discernable pattern . Boring and not very creative . Just like the rest of the game . Save you money and wait for fable .
 This game is definitely a mixed bag . Nothing is consistent . The characterizations are trite and stereotypical . You will find no memorable moments or feel attached to any of the little puppets you control . Interactions between your characters are limited to barely disguised sexual jokes or useless questions and comments . Oh , and the game is so short you will curse yourself if you bought it.The graphics for example , are excellent
 Graphics are awesome , sound is top notch , control is sketchy at first but evens out ... fine , these are all great attributes of Sudeki but it only took TEN HOURS to finish !!! When a video game is being billed as the `` next big thing '' to hit a genre -LRB- RPG -RRB- I expect it to take longer than my cousin reciting the alphabet . It took me longer to finish Zelda 64 ! Do n't but this game , just rent it twice and save yourself sixty bucks ... now i have to figure out a way to get Zellers to give me my money back .
 This is a horrible video game . The graphics are horrible , the point of the game is very slow and boring . I would rather watch the grass grow then to sit and try at this `` game '' again.Do not waste your money . Baseball games on the PC is a thing of the past for some reason . I thought this was a break through , but it isnt . It is a simulator of owning a baseball team . You dont play anything . You just look at stats.Very lame and very boring . I couldnt even give it away once I got it ...
 Do not waste your money . This game is not like mlb for playstation or other consoles . you have really no control of nothing . All you do is click the mouse . No actual game play as catching or running or even batting controls and not even pitching . It simulates and shows no simulation at all . If you could rate an item with no stars then this is the game . No fun at all .
 Do not buy any jewel case version of this game . Especially the ones which say you can download a PDF version of the manual from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The application thinks the disc is pirated and refuses to run . I even downloaded the latest patch . No luck . I 'm not accusing anyone of piracy but something went wrong in the pressing of the CD . Also , what I got was a CD not a DVD .
 Since there were and maybe there ARE not enough games that are NOT shooters or strategies , maybe PC gamer needs to pay attention to Soul Reaver.Why I disliked it ? Because I beat first part and expected more of exploring and puzzles . Second part begins with hack and slash like action game and pathetic , boooooring dialogues . I passed few hours with Soul Reaver 2 , there is great graphics and levels are eye candy , but that does n't do it for me ...
 this game starts out okay . the graphics are not too bad , but everything is so dark it 's very hard to see . adjusting the brightness on the tv does n't help at all . you 'll need to sit very close to the screen to try and make out what 's there . basically what you 'll be doing in this game is walking around trying to kill enemies while figuring out where to go next . killing them does little good , though , because you get no experience points and they respawn , too . what fun ! eventually you 'll get to a puzzle area , where you have to solve some idiotic brain teaser involving mirrors and rays of light . those damn enemies will keep coming at you , too , trying to kill you off . i hate those slobs !! i got so mad i threw my beer at the tv and broke the bottle . i cleaned it up and got a new one , and finally solved the puzzle . but then you just have to do the whole thing over again , only this time the mirror and ray of light will be arranged different . what fun ! then more running around killing enemies you can barely see that come back to life right away . the game would probably be better if you could see what 's going on , but you really ca n't . i promised myself years ago i 'd never buy another game by eidos , and i sure wish i kept my promise .
 I 'm a fan of the book and I liked how the movie trailers looked so I thought the game would be worth getting . I was wrong.While the graphics are nice and crisp and the 2 player cooperative play is fun , everthing else was pretty dissapointing and many aspects of the game story were nothing like the book.You start out hunting a deer and then you find the the famous dragon egg . Then you get plunged into a battle with a bunch of Galbatrox 's stooges who are trying to kill Brom , an old story teller -LRB- who is really a former dragon rider -RRB- . It was kind of funny to see Eragon , a 16 year old farm boy who is not supposed to have ever fought anyone in his life do a bunch of Jedi-like fighting moves and take down 6 guys . Pretty much from this point on it 's kill guys , then kill a few more guys , then tell Saphira -LRB- your dragon -RRB- to kill more guys . There are many things in the game story which are totally unlike the book . First , Eragon and Brom did n't fight anyone until they reached a village that had been ravaged by Urgals . By the way , they only fought two or three of them . Second , Eragon did n't learn to use magic until the they fought with the Urgals I just mentioned above . When Brom finds out about it he is very upset , he does n't encourage him to keep using it . Third , Brom and Eragon do n't defeat the Razac , the Razac kill Brom by suprising him and drugging him and Eragon only escapes because Murtagh showed up to help him . By the time Eragon rescues Arya from Durza , Brom is dead.It 's also easy , all you have to do to beat Durza in the final showdown is pepper him continually with magic arrows.All in all , a pretty lame adaptation . Save you -LSB- ... -RSB- to pay for your ticket to see Eragon in theatres and buy and an extra large popcorn and soda . The game was lame but I still expect good things from the movie .
 I have no problems with the game itself , love the action on Eragon , but the game arrived so severely scratched , it would not work in my Xbox 360 even after multiple cleanings of the disk . But what do you expect for 66 cents .
 Not a very good rpg game , or maybe it 's not an rpg game at all.no dialog quest or ??????? , just fighting your way from point A to point B
 This game could n't get anymore un-fun ! I paid like -LSB- ... -RSB- for it , so I was n't expecting much , but I do n't think it 's worth it even if someone gave it to you ! This game is NOT fun !
 I was very excited to purchase this game . Most exciting was that this game had full two player game play throughout . I bought it the first day it came out and the very next day my wife and I mastered the game on hard . After mastering the game we found out there are `` secret '' eggs you can find - So we went through again on hard and found all the eggs . We mastered the game twice in just about 10 hours . Another thing I did not like was the way the camera follows you around and moves which makes it hard to see you character as you fight .
 I rented this game , because it had a lot of potential , boy was I wrong . The camera angle is a fixed position , and personally I hate fixed 3rd person style , it 's nice occassionally , but to play the whole game in that , well I think I 'll pass . The game , was just a really bad rip-off of The Lord of The Rings - The Return of the King . The fighting style was very similar . I personally like the games that are free roam , which this game is definately not a free roam game . If you still think you might like it , I would highly suggest renting it .
 THIS COVER DOES NOT COME AS IT APPEARS ! and the nunchaku skin does not fit ! Do n't buy it . waste of shipping and handling money !
 The skin pictured is not the skin you will receive . There are no cutouts for the + - and Home buttons . There is also no cutout for the speakers . The fit is awkward and the seems are poorly cut with jagged edges . DO NOT BUY .
 This product is as it appears and the nunchuck cover does fit , but it fits way too tightly . It 's a reall pain to change the batteries in that thing . That 's the only thing I do n't like about it besides it is extremely uncomfortable . But I did n't expect award-winning quality for such a price .
 Can you use this product for Playstation 3 ? If not , where can I find the 4 player adapter for playstation 3 ? thanks !
 i purchased one of these items and it rarely worked . even when it did , 4 players or more was not possible
 For Christmas i got a PS one and i wanted to get a multitap for it so 3 other guys could play . When i bought the white PS one multitap for the first time the whole thing didnt work . none of the controllers or memory cards worked . So i had to return it and get another one . This time all of the controllers worked but only one of the memory card slots worked . only the port A memory card worked . either i am really lucky and always get the bad one or SONY makes a lot of defective products . the same thing also happend to my PS2 multitap the first time but the second PS2 multitap i bought worked fine . Finnaly the third PS one multitap that I bought worked fine . GOD DO I HAVE SOME BAD LUCK !
 After Guerrilla Games made the underrated shooter Killzone for the PS2 , they decided to make a 3rd person game . Although its a shooter , the aiming is awful , and the melee hardly works when it should . The environments are cool and the graphics are great for a psp game , but with the clunky combat combined with the boring and mediocre storyline makes for a poor installment for an otherwise fun playstation franchise . Unless your a hardcore killzone fan and/or you love unnecessarily difficult games , do not buy this .
 I played this game for hours and after doing exactly as I was instructed it said mission failed . How could I have failed the mission when I did it just as I was instructed it is very difficult to control the character . Changing between weapons was difficult . An it came with no box or no instruction manual which was not written in the description of the item I was very disappointed with this purchase all together .
 ... and no I 'm not kidding . I 'll be playing this game and trying to use an item for cover and the enemy will be able to shoot through an item that I cant . Also , your characters aim is horrible . Either that or the controls are horrible , because I spent a half hour running around trying to get my character to HIT A TANK WITH A BAZOOKA more than once . Trying and failing . The enemy will often appear out of areas you 're not allowed to enter for some reason . So if you want to go through a hall and theres a room that you want to clear out ... well guess what ? You cant clear it out , and theres a nine out of ten chance that right after you pass it and try to kill the guy past that door someone will come out of the door you cant enter to put you in a germany in world war two situation . AKA two front war . Ridiculously difficult game with hypocritical game play mechanics and a guarantee you 'll probably be swearing after twenty minutes of game play.I gave it two stars instead of one because the parts that arent ridiculously hard show the concept of the game could be fun if the programmers didnt over engineer the difficulty of the game .
 Wow , this game really sucks . The graphics are OK , but despite all the bugs -LRB- e.g. getting shot through walls -RRB- and the general inadequacy of play -LRB- e.g. your guy , after locking on an enemy and shooting to the point that they 're ALMOST dead , will then automatically STOP shooting the near dead enemy and automatically lock onto a much fresher enemy , making your job MUCH more difficult because the guy that SHOULD have been finished off is not and will now continue to shoot back at you -RRB- . My least favorite part was that crappy hovercraft you have to ride in ... overall there are MUCH better games out there that do NOT feel like WORK . Save your hard-earned money and get a game that is actually FUN to play .
 I have to agree with one of the reviews in here . The miserable controls & aiming ; hidden land mines that are hard to get around -LRB- in case you 've spent your generous amount of TWO grenades -RRB- ; spider mines that are impossible to run from -LRB- and almost always end up killing you -RRB- ; only one weapon , which is usually useless because of long and frequent reload times - all result in an incredible disappointment , and a really HARD game even on the ` Easy ' difficulty level . But not because it 's challenging , but because of game design flaws I mentioned above.So , welcome to clicking `` Restart Checkpoint '' for the 110th time . And then die because of a Helghast rocket launcher or a mine ... and then repeat .
 I loved Killzone on the PS2 and was excited to get a Killzone game for the PSP . Sadly , I find the difficulty level in this game to be too high . I have to replay some levels five or six times to get through . I do not find that kind of difficulty to be enjoyable . I find it frustrating and irritating.If you 're good at third person shooters maybe you 'll breeze through this one . For myself , I think I 'm going to put this game down and stick with first person shooters .
 i wish i could rate this game but you have n't sent me the game yet . it 's really pissing me off that i paid for the game and it 's not here yet . hurry up with my sh ** or you give me my money back .
 This is a cool game , good music and all that , but it sucks unless you 're doing versus . Forget beating the big-shot rappers with their triple-platinum egos in single mode . It wo n't happen . The `` artists '' must have had a special arrangement with EA stipulating that because they be gangstaz and thugz they ca n't be beat . Even in easy mode they reverse everything you try . Oh , and try playing the white guys in this game and see how far you get in story mode . Hah!As much as I 'd like to slap DMX for his stupid barking , the game simply wo n't allow it on any difficulty level , even though we know that in his wildest dreams DMX could never fight with the skill he fights with in this game . That goes for all the Def Jam recording artists . Just forget about fighting them . Now , if they were to drive by the ring in a car and spray it with bullets , I 'd believe it.Some of you may blame my inability to defeat the game due to a certian lack of skills . . oh pardon me ... `` skilz '' . But the fact is I am familiar with this game engine , having played it on a multitude of better wrestling games . The controls are slow . While you 're winding up to grapple , your opponent will hit you , when you wind up to hit your opponent , he will grapple and destroy you . If you do manage to get a solid grapple on him , do n't get too happy , he 'll reverse it . The same goes for hitting . These people are simply `` da bomb '' , and when they agreed to make this game they made sure that they 'd maintain their digital street cred by being next to impossible to beat . If you manage to even get close to beating your opponent if you rope-break , or he kicks out -LRB- even when his energy is down to nothing -RRB- , he 'll get a second wind and you 'll never touch him again . It makes me ill.Also , you ca n't choose which songs to hear like in EA games like SSX , or other cool sports games like Tony Hawk . If DMX is on the mic , he stays there whether you like it or not.This is a good game to play with friends who wo n't cheat you out of victory . It IS fun that way , any other way is a recipie for frustration . Rent this game first , and then decide if I just lack the skilz for this stupid game .
 I wonder who was the genius who came up with the idea of glorifying and incorporating hip-hop style violence into a video game whose target audience is made up of teenagers ? This game also shows that it is fun to beat up on women . There 's already enough gang violence in our nation 's inner cities , we do n't need little suburbanites to follow in the example of violent criminals .
 More glorification of hip-hop culture and violence towards women . I can see why this title is so popular , specifically in the USA . In this era of garbage like gangsta rap , the jerry springer show , MTV 's `` Jackass '' and `` Girls Gone Wild '' videos , this game fits perfectly , and will entertain countless numbers of mind-numbed idiots for years to come .
 ... If it was n't a hip-hop game and hip-hop sucks . This is how low the music industry has gone . All you sheep but VIDEO GAMES just because they have big Luda and the guy who barks like a dog , DMX . How pathetic . Horrible gameplay . Yeah , I 've played it at a friend 's -LRB- who 's a bit of a wigger , I 'm trying to get him to listen to some In Flames and Kovenant -RRB- , and it 's horrible . Go get Mortal Kombat if you want fighting , and if you want hip-hop , go to hell .
 You can find one for a good 5 dollars at any local store . Completely avoid this 15 dollar rip-off .
 These things cost like 15-20 bucks and they only hold 15 games ! That is very cheap . If you are ever going to get a memory card for your PSOne , get the colored cheap ones that come in a 3 pack for 10 bucks . Thats what I got and now I can hold 45 games for less the price . Can you believe that ? 10 bucks for 45 games or 17 bucks for 15 games ? You choose .
 WARNING if you order this ! It is NOT guaranteed to be Sony brand , despite the picture and the reviews ! I ordered from this exact page , even clicked here from my ` items you ordered ' list , but the card I got is most definitely NOT Sony brand . It is a very off-brand ` compatible ' card.The page is VERY misleading , and I 'm considering returning it . I at least wanted to make it clear to anyone who wants to order this that if you want a name brand Sony card , be very careful .
 Woo-hoo . It 's a minimalist peripheral . What can I say ? It does what it is supposed to do , and NOTHING more . And that is really frustrating as 15 blocks of memory is WAY to little memory to save an even average amount of games . I own the game SaGa Frontier , and I need all 15 blocks for that . So what happens ? That 's right -- Sony gets more of my money.If you are using a PSOne , get a trustworthy 3rd party memory card -LRB- InterAct ones work well and hold good amounts -RRB- . However , if you are using a PS2 , I guess you have no choice , data saved on 3rd party cards have the tendency to suddenly get destroyed . Once again , the customer is being sacrificed so they can maximize profit.So the final word ? Get it if you have to .
 Okay . All I want to know is , how in the heck are you supposed to rate something like this ? I mean , you have to have it . PS2 users do n't get a choice if they want to save one of their PSX games . It 's just a matter of & quot ; I need it , so I must get it . & quot ; Yes , it does stink that there 's only 15 blocks . But too bad , there 's no other choice . Sorry !
 this original card -LRB- 8mb -RRB- is n't working as should for ps2 . memory card -LRB- ps1 -RRB- can not save on -LRB- ps2 -RRB- cd 1 of 4 then it worked starting cd2 and sometimes it can not detect and errase all savings ? very scary ... . wondering what 's up with cd3 & cd4 when I get to it . but in the meantime just building up the characters . definitely never buy new sony models of all technologies ... they tend to make their equipment recognize only their own brand to work ...
 The PS1 Memory Card purchased did not work on our PS2 . We tried another PS1 Memory Card and that one worked . So signs point to broken Memory Card .
 The item turned out to be a fake and it did n't even work!They overcharge the shipping price by almost 4 dollars !!! -LRB- there was a stamp to prove it too -RRB- Be warned , do n't buy this from here
 THIS MEMORY CARD IS N'T VERY GOOD . INFACT IT IS VERY BAD . I HAVE PS1 AND EVERY GAME TAKES ABOUT 3-4 BLOCKS OF SPACE ON YOUR MEMORY CARD , -LRB- THE MEMORY CARD ONLY HAS 15 BLOCKS TO START WITH -RRB- BUT IT DOES DO WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO DO ... SAVE WHAT HAS TO BE SAVED .
 I still have not received this product.I am very disappointed with your service .
 memory cards are evil they make me wan na cry . i mean i 'm asking for freakin ' tracking device in them all i want are memory card 's with god damn passwords and if they do n't they are pile of crap !!!!!!!!
 I played the original Lemmings game when it came out a long time ago -LRB- 15 years ? -RRB- . I enjoyed it quite a bit and so when Lemmings 2 came out I bought that game as well . It was a huge improvement over the original with tons of different styles of Lemmings to use . This Lemmings revolution game is a big step backward . There are only a few types of Lemmings to use and the interface seems fairly clunky . It is not intuitive how to scroll around the giant cylinder trying to watch the Lemmings doing their endless march . If you have never played Lemmings then you might enjoy this game , but if you have then go back and play your old version instead of buying this one .
 Even though the case says Windows98/XP , the manual says Windows 95/98 . this game keeps stopping on my XP computer . I really thought it would use more advanced technology - it 's so antiquated . And I agree , the circular format gets old after awhile . I really liked Lemmings 3-D with all of the different backdrop scenes to work with , but it wo n't play on this computer . We need a new Lemmings that works well on XP and is lots of fun ! This is certainly better than no Lemmings at all , though .
 I was hoping this would be a little more like the classic game and I was disappointed .
 The game installs on Vista but I 've not be able to control the Lemmings the way I should be able to .
 Not really what I expected , and there is n't any real help or introduction ; you just get thrown into the game .
 The worst thing about this game is the lack of technical support . I do n't know if the game is fun or not . I 'm still trying to contact the `` technical support '' department to get help . All they provide is an email address . The game did n't load on my computer and I sent an email asking for help . One week later I still have had no response from the `` support '' team . If you visit the website it refers you to the email address . In short , they do n't care whether the product works , or not .
 CDs arrived taped to cardboard , no packaging except that CDs were labeled.On my Win XP system , only the 4x4 Evolution game actually installed and ran properly , other 4 games failed either install or program launch regardless of compatibility settings , requesting refund .
 I bought this for my grandson 's Gameboy since he was unable to see the screen . He still could n't see the screen very well and the item was not well made and broke soon after we purchased it .
 The Sims already creates dozens of expansion packs for its game to force us to buy more and more rather than rolling them into one . Here is a real cash-in not worth it at all . The idea is to create custom faces that look more like the people you want them to look like . In fact , the faces look deformed once you alter them to try to make them like real people , and it is impossible to get them how you want them . Besides , you can download Sims FaceLift -LRB- incidentally no better but free -RRB- from the Sims website . Do n't waste your money .
 This product is NOT from Maxis , the maker of the Sims , and is very complicated to use and to install the faces into the game . The Deluxe edition of the Sims includes a very easy program for creating your own faces and skins -LRB- clothes on body -RRB- that is well worth getting !! After only a couple of tries , you can create very nice new faces and skins that load automatically in the game for you
 This `` add-on '' , distributed by Abacus , NOT Maxis or Electronic Arts , is not worth the money . The only thing that is different that the Sims FaceLift -LRB- available on the Sims website for free -RRB- does not do , is the `` import your photo '' feature in order to make a face for a Sim . Technically , with a little knowledge of how it work , you can import with FaceLift as well ...
 I have found that Face Factory is pretty good for making faces for the Sims game . It does install into the game nicely . One big problem I have found is that there are only a few bodies to choose from . There is a link in the program that you can find more bodies but everytime I go there it says it ca n't find it . I am somewhat frustrated and almost regret not getting the Sims Deluxe edition . I have created a very cool monkey head and a alien head using face factory but that is as far as it goes . If anybody has any ideas on how to get more body styles for the face factory please contact me . Thanks 8 - -RRB-
 I have a new imac and was looking for a mac mahjongg game . I bought this one because this site said this game was for both the PC and Mac platforms . Needless to say , I was very disappointed after receiving this game to find out that it is only a PC platform game !!! Both stars should be zero !!
 There 's some interesting scenery here but on the whole this route and the rolling stock are far inferior to most of the freeware routes available on the internet . Go to train-sim . com and look around . There are also much better payware routes , made by people who truly care about trains . Check out Sandpatch , Cajon Pass , Protrains 2 and many others .
 There 's some interesting scenery here but on the whole this route and the rolling stock are far inferior to most of the freeware routes available on the internet . Go to train-sim . com and look around . There are also much better payware routes , made by people who truly care about trains . Check out Sandpatch , Cajon Pass , Protrains 2 and many others .
 As an avid fan of adventure games who has played -LRB- and won -RRB- some of the best out there -LRB- i.e. Grim Fandango , Monkey Island 1-4 , and many others -RRB- , I can safely say that Jazz and Faust leaves much to be desired . For one , it runs choppily on my more-than-adequate system . Second , the gameplay is flawed ; items often can not be picked up until someone else tells you you need them . Thus , if you see a coin on the ground , and try to pick it up , you will rebuked with some silly reason not to pick up the coin . Thus , you 'll have to venture across down to find a guy who says , `` Hey , can I borrow a coin , '' and be forced to make an unnecessary trip . Do yourself a favor
 I 'm glad to see others have written bad reviews for this game , as it means I wo n't have to write as much . The only decent thing about Jazz and Faust is the graphics . Everything else was terrible , especially the dialogue and gameplay . Faust sounds like a sedated cow , and says inane things such as `` What a splendid fish ! '' and `` Does nobody sweep the stairs ? '' . The puzzles and problems were either simple enough for a 5 year old , or else made no sense at all . Furthermore , you could n't solve problems or pick up items until you had spoken to the right person , even if you had figured things out beforehand . I plan on selling this game this week , although I am toying with the idea of setting it on fire . It certainly deserves it . I must concur with other reviewers , any Monkey Island game would be a much much much better investment than Jazz and Faust .
 So now we know there is Muzak in the sailing ship era . Everything about this game is awful , starting with the music . Following comes more bad news , the install is flukey , and the voice acting is Kenau Reaves quality , if you get my drift.Everything about this game might appeal to a 12 year old , who has never played an adventure game before , but Jazz and Faust is too stupid to even continue talking about.Save your money , I wish I had .
 This game is full of inane dialogue , senseless `` puzzles '' , and it is generally annoying . if you are looking for a good adventure game , this is not it - I recommend Return to Monkey Island -LRB- or any of the previous Monkey Islands -RRB- or Grim Fandango if you have not already played these . I will say that they did an excellent job with the graphics , but should have spent a little more time with the plot . I am not even going to take the time to finish this dull game . Do not waste your money on this one .
 -LSB- This game was n't worth the money I paid for it -RSB- . Horrible dialogue . This game makes NO SENSE !!! I got halfway through just curious what the ending would be , but I just ca n't bring myself to waste the time in finishing it . Only positive thing is the background graphics were ok .
 If you 're in a store and thinking of buying this game , just say to yourself , `` No . That would just be stupid . ''
 I just got this add-on earlier today , and it 's ok . The graphics are nice , but much more could of gone into this one . Their are no headlights , so if you drive at night you wo n't be able to see anything . The speed limit never changes , even when you approach a station , and that includes the final station -LRB- s -RRB- . Abacus could of done so much more with this one . This one really does n't insoire me to buy anymore of their add-ons , as they should of given this one away for free .
 Repetitive and boring would be a better way to describe the game . It 's not at all any sort of free roaming racing because of the checkpoint system . I would definitely not recommend this game to anyone . Deleted a day after I installed it . Nothing to see here , move along .
 I was so surprised to see this game have such a high rating . This game is boring and EXTREMELY unfair . It gives the enemy all of the moves to where it makes it unbearable and frustrating to play . It made me break my ds because i got so frustrated and threw it at the wall . I really really do NOT reccomend this game to ANYONE !!
 Got this game for my game boy and it is the worst one to date about cheating . There is nothing random about the games random number generator . You have heros that have different number of moves they can make -LRB- 0-4 -RRB- which depends on the hero in question . I was so impressed with the one sided nature of the number gen that I had to collect some data and crunch the numbers . The game average for the enemy is ~ 70 % . The average for the player is ~ 25 % . Game programmers need to get off the crutch of cheating with there numbers to make a game interesting . That is the lazy way to do it . I can not recommend this game to anyone .
 This item is not a St Louis Cardinals Baseball controller , it is an St Louis Rams Football controller . Very disappointed as we are huge St Louis Cardinals Baseball Fans , however , was not able to give this as a Christmas present to my Son .
 This game is cheap so you ca n't expect anything too flashy . The ship you control is very small and controls are not intuitive . Can be fun in skirmish mode but if you do the missions its a bit of a chore . There is a stupid section at the start where you fly through rings which is almost impossible . Overall not recommended .
 Many review sites rate this game as a `` licensed failure '' . That is my opinion as well . The game fails at so many levels , it is not worth the bandwidth wasted to attempt to even somewhat glorify this game as fun . The gameplay itself is either very boring or extreamly frustrating . With the horrible ship navigation you would think they would stick to one-plane navigation . You will get carpal tunnel from all the buttons you have to hold down and the fact the some objects are either above or below you ship to give some 3D depth to the game , does n't work because of the horible control scheme . I got to the third episode and am sick of it already . It is hard to destroy 20 ships coming at you from all angles and aiming with the right analog and steering with the left analog . Then you have to cycle weapons with the x button and fire with R1 . If a ship is above or below you you have to hold L1 to go higher or l2 to go lower . But the cruisers seem to roam whereever they feel like and you have to attempt to fire while they still on your 3D plane . Annoying at best . Game is worth about $ 2.50 and that is only for the 2 player skirmish mode .
 Was looking for another game and this was suggested . Looked alright . Was fun for a week but too easy , not much fighting , and you do the same thing over and over in each mission . Did n't do much multiplayer .
 This is just a horrible game . Just manuevering the ship is next to impossible , targeting and firing is frustrating and very annoying.I 'm glad I did n't spend my money on it -LRB- got it as a gift -RRB- Free advice , rent it , and regret losing the $ 3 rather than losing out $ 20 .
 Without exaggeration , this game is the worst game I have every played.I feel taken advantage of . Game develops know that they are guaranteed a certain level of sales if they are able to license the Star Trek name and stories from Paramount . Bethesda has taken advantage of every single Star Trek fan out there by creating a steaming , unplayable turd of a game and calling it `` Star Trek . `` Do n't waste your hard-won earnings on this game like I did . I will never buy another game made by Bethesda ever again .
 i saw this one on the shelf and grabed it and ran to the check out , didnt even know it was coming out -LRB- thats a red flag right there -RRB- put it in and the first thing i noticed was the bad music , star trek games allways have good music in them much like the movies and shows , this game replays the same tune over and over . gameplay ?? sucks . took me longer to learn the controls good enough to pass the first three missions than the rest of the game took to finish , and the process was very enrageing . there is no story line at all . some cheap narator who sounds like shatner -LRB- hopefully its not , it sounds that bad -RRB- reads the mission title and briefing at the begining of SOME of the missions . the only good thing i can say about this game it the graphics look great , the ships and explosions are cool . its my hope that this was a bare bones model for how legacy is going to be because this game had potential , but it either ran out of money or didnt have much to start with . definately do not buy this game , rent it , borrow it from your die-hard trekie buddy , but dont buy it .
 I 've played alot of Star Trek Games . Going back to the original Star Trek game for the Nintendo 1 ! This is by far the stupidest game ever designed . The training course alone is enough to drive you insane.The visuals are not stunning . The game play is pretty lame . And you ca n't even skip the cut scenes ! Almost 90 % of PS2 games allow you to skip cut scenes if you want to go on with the game . Plus it takes like two minutes to load the Main menu ! Its billed as shoot em up , but you view it from a semi bird 's eye view.My purchase was an impulse buy . If you are reading this stay the hell away from this game.I think that the design company went extremely cheap with this game as if though it was designed by 15 year old high school students or something . This has given me serious second thoughts about Bethesda 's other game for the PC Legacy .
 I love the concept of flying around a starship shooting at enemy ships in the trek universes . Problem is , the game control mechanics are the absolute worse I 've ever seen in any 3D space game . X-Wing in the mid 90 's had vastly superior gameplay mechanics . Which the basic concept of the game is a good one , the implementation is just so poor that it is n't even worth $ 15 . You 're locked in to playing just the `` Enterprise '' series ships until you complete some totally obtuse objectives that mainly exist to teach you the horrible gameplay mechanics . Avoid it .
 I love star trek , I grew up watching it.But this game just SUCKED ! The levels grind on you , and I was so bored at points that I fell asleep ! The controls where hard to understand.The ships where ` ok ' but in an over-all it could have been so much better . The only good points in this game where you got phasers and torpedoes . which you can get in any start trek game really.So my advice . RENT the thing first before you fork over some hard earned cash .
 Do a quick search on the internet , or through the rest of the reviews here , and you 'll see this game has a high failure rate . The game comes on a blue CD instead of a silver DVD to save a few cents . This alone should not cause it to fail , but it does . My PS2 will not read the disc at all , but reads all other blue CD 's just fine . Many others have had the same problem . Bethesda tech support tells you to turn your PS2 on its side , or upside down to get it to work . If that fails , they tell you to keep swapping the game out until you get one to work . Do n't take my word for it though , check out their forums
 Since I started Star Trek gaming I 've always wanted to fly the big ships . The SFC series allowed me to do this , but it was n't in three dimensions , as space is in reality . So you can imagine how excited I was to find out about this game . Unfortunately I was very disappointed even though I was able to move around in three dimensions . I think Bethesda just does n't know what people want anymore . The Enterprise missions did not resemble anything that happened in the series . For some reason the Xindi Reptilian is the most powerful Xindi ship in the game . The Aquatics had the best ships , but were left out completely . In stead , they used Xindi Arboreal cruisers . The Arboreal are not warriors and their ships are poorly armed , why they were chosen to contribute to a clearly shooter game is beyond me . The Genesis mission hardly resembled the movie . For some reason the people at Bethesda think that following invisible trails is fun because there are at least two missions like that . For some reason the warp trail zigzag . Zigzagging is not the best idea when traveling faster than light , and I 'm pretty sure they established that in the show . The intro movies can not be skipped , which would be fine if they were interesting or exciting but they 're not . Every time you lose and have to restart from a checkpoint , you have to watch the movie again . The Klingon Vor ` cha class does not belong in the TOS section of the game , but for some reason it is there . The training mission -LRB- the first mission -RRB- is both annoying and unnecessary . For some reason the Klingons are the second weakest race in the game . Even the Cardassians are stronger , even though the Klingons nearly conquered the Cardassian Empire in Deep Space 9 . Most of the TNG missions are tolerable , but none are really that fun . The best missions are the Deep Space 9 missions , which can be expected for a shooting game , because the second half of Deep Space 9 was all about the war with the Dominion . Unfortunately there are only two of the DS9 missions . One mission is mostly played as Deep Space 9 , which is great until you spend literally eight minutes just shooting asteroids that are only coming from one direction . The only thing they seemed to get right is the Defiant . The Federations only real battleship should be the best Federation ship in the game , and it is . I managed to quadruple Kirk 's high score in onslaught with the Defiant more than once . I could n't even come close with any of the other ships . The use of mines in the game is both annoying and unnecessary . They take at least half of your energy supply , and mines were never used in dogfights in the show . They were only used in large fields to protect planets or the wormhole in Deep Space 9 . Furthermore , I don not understand why the Defiant shoots photon torpedoes instead of quantum torpedoes , why the NX-01 has phasers instead of phase cannons , why the Cardassians are harder to beat than the Klingons , Borg , Species 8472 , and Romulans . The Cardassian , Romulan , and Borg ships are very confusing . The Cardassian fighter is something that Bethesda came up with , the cruiser barley resembles the cruisers seen in the show , and the freighters are apparently more powerful than the cruisers . The Romulan `` Defender '' is simply a Warbird from the original show and the `` Raptor '' is an exact copy of the Warbird from TNG only smaller . So you are essentially fighting three generations of Romulan Warbirds . Bethesda got the Borg sphere correct , but a Borg Tactical Cube is less formidable than the standard Borg Cube . Lastly , one of the Voyager missions is almost an exact copy of an episode taken from TNG . If they wanted to have that specific mission , for what ever reason , they should have at least put it in the correct series . It does not make sense for that mission to be in Voyager . It is based off the episode of TNG where Romulans , Humans , Cardassians , and Klingons are racing around the quadrant collecting DNA samples to unlock some sort of ancient secret , which turns out being the source of all life in the Milky Way Galaxy . This race is between the Kazon and Voyager in the game . Voyager is just trying to get home , and the Kazon probably thought it was a weapon as the Klingons did in the show . Any intelligence Voyager would have had on the secret would have come from the Kazon , so for Voyager to be wasting time finding some sort of ancient weapon does not make much sense.To be honest Onslaught is the most fun function of the game . But Onslaught is n't fun just being able to use the old NX ships . So you have to play the missions in order to unlock ships to make it more fun . I would suggest waiting for the game to go on some sort of sale before you buy it . Do n't rent it because it would be a waste of money . The Enterprise and Original Series missions need to be played in small doses or you will want to put your controller through the screen . You wo n't get to do anything fun if you rent it . There is little need to play the missions after you unlock the Defiant because the ships unlocked after that are not very good . Unless of course you wanted to play battlefest as the Borg . Battlefest is fun , but you spend more time waiting for the loading screens to finish than you do blowing stuff up.If you are looking for a Star Trek game that uses the big ships and you have a computer that can handle it , go for the Starfleet Command series . It is less of a shooter game , but the missions are less annoying and you do n't have to unlock ships for skirmish . The graphics for 3 were n't much worse than Encounters , and you ca n't move in three dimensions , but you can modify and upgrade ship systems . For example , you could fire both Quantum and Photon torpedoes from the Defiant if you wanted to . As far as I know , there is no way to customize your ship on Encounters .
 This is a blue disk and will not play on our playstation 2 , the game was new , and it was no ones fault , the game store said blue disk do not play on older playstation II consoles .
 If you could take all the excitment of controlling a powerful starship on the edge of human knowledge and put it into a video game ... it would be the oposite of this.I gave up on this game after the second level of `` fly the ship to the destination points in time '' ... LAME.Maybe I 'm missing something , but I did not enjoy this game .
 Star Trek Encounters game was fun to play since it also had two-player capability . I did not like the fact I could not save at key points but it did let you go back if you lost . OK not the best but more fun in two-player mode .
 I played this game for a few hours and the awkward controls sent me to bed that night with a numb arm and outrageous pain in my shoulder . I thought maybe it was something else , and tried again ... . This game looks nice , but is actually a Klingon Pain Stick cleverly disguised as a video game.I had no choice but to stop playing and throw it away . It was either that or end up in doctor 's office . REALLY too bad , I was very , very much looking forward to a good Star Trek based PS2 game but sadly this was not it .
 Hard to see obstacles . Hard to maneuver ships . Very difficult to pass entry level tests , and when you fail , you have to really go far back to get back to where you started . My 10 year old son and I give this a big fat F.
 This game did not work at all , it was a rip off , I see I was not the only customer with this problem . Waste of money very unhappy about this seller .
 The game froze up all the time . All of my other games on PS2 work just fine .
 Sorry all you trekkies and trekkers out there , but I `` encountered '' a few problems that made me did n't want to play through `` Star Trek Encounters '' any longer . Ships didnt go fast enough , the controls are EXTREMELY CLUNKY , cheesy graphics , difficulty in locking on to specific areas of an enemy ship to fire weapons at them , but the MAIN problem was the stupid radar/sensor that I constantly had to use in order to find warp trails from enemy ships and lock on to them . To give you and ideal of what i 'm talking about , picture yourself blind and sitting in the dark , when suddenly , one of your contact lenses pop out of your eye and you stoop down on the floor to try to find it . Yes , that 's how bad trying to find things with the radar/sensor is . Now do n't get me wrong , I like star trek , I like it very much . And I really really REALLY tried to like this game . But , unfortunately , it was n't a very good play , and given the history of the star trek franchise , -LRB- all you trekkies and trekkers out there can agree with me on this one -RRB- that this game could have and SHOULD HAVE been way better.On a nicer note , the game did have pretty exposives . But that still do n't make it a good game . It 's a boring game!Anyway , to make a long story short , I took the game back to the store and got my money back . Now I will use my refund and spend it on the next star trek game that comes out . Noooo , not `` Star Trek Legacy '' ... , the OTHER star trek game . The one that comes out tomorrow and is of a more higher quality ... -LRB- the one called `` Final Fantasy VII '' -RRB- Yeah ... now that 's what I call a REAL star trek game .
 I played this game a total of 3 times and this game kept coming up `` Bad disc error '' or something like that . I already returned it once and it 's going back again , apparently I 'm not the only one having this problem . Bethesda really screwed up on this one ! .
 This does n't deserve the Star Trek name . The real tragedy is that with a bit more playtesting and polish this could have been a good game . However , someone thought that frustrating , repetitive gameplay might be fun.On the good side , the game looks nice for a 5-year-old PS2 game . The ship-to-ship battles are actually fun in an arcadey kind of way , There are a good number of missions -LRB- 20 -RRB- , and the skirmish mode is okay for a little while . The campaign story was all over the place and did n't make sense in some instances . But there was a good spread of enemies and missions over the various eras , and you get to fly the different Federation ships . I even liked the music , and they got William Shatner to narrate the mission intros.Now , the bad parts . Where to start ? Many of the missions are very frustrating . Even the tutorial missions -LRB- yeah , the one with the rings -RRB- are super annoying . The average player will end up redoing some mission objectives dozens of times before successfully completing them . And generally it 's the same kind of bad missions
 So I owned this game for a few days and I returned it to the store because I disliked it so much . The in-game play is terrible and it does not give you the feel of controlling the ship and the challenges is too hard to complete and Star Trek 25th Anniversary -LRB- 1980 -RRB- - ISH was a better game than this one .
 To rate Star Trek Encounters is real simple ; I paided $ 15 for it , you get what you pay for.Its ok for a quick game of shoot 'em up , but like the reviews for its big brother -LRB- Star Trek Legacy -RRB- , developer should spent more time instead of try to put it out for the holidays.Hoping for a sequel , and maybe hopefully they 'll do it GTA style -LRB- open space , do what you want to do -RRB- , and just focus on one era -LRB- TOS , TNG , DS9 , VOY , and ENT -RRB- .
 I actually purchased this twice and had to return it twice . I could not get it to play on my unit . I checked on Bethesda website I found several posts in there discussions section about the same thing . It apparently has something to do with it being on a blue disk instead of a dvd so the company could save money.If anyone else out there has had the same problem let us know .
 I recently bought this `` overpriced '' silly game at Gamestop -LRB- long story ... tried to return this and they would n't let me return it at first , and had to threaten them to take it back !? Haha ... it was more involved than that , but seriosly a very true story -RRB- , and I will never shop at Gamestop again ... because Amazon is awesome , I should have known better of course . Lesson well learned ! So anyway , on with the review : Amazon has a better selection , can read all reviews about the product first , then find out if the pruchase is worth buying , then judge for yourself , save time n money if you so choose to listen to the reviews . Also , Amazon has much better deals ; prices on both new and used items . If i would have came here first i would have seen that this game had 3 stars , and rightfully so ! I was surprised it even had that many !!? So anyway , i bought this game , played it for a week , then returned it because I COULD NOT STAND how the funky controls worked and the way it manuevered the ship . Plus , it did n't seem very action packed , and your stuck in one place all the time , WTF is tha about !? I thought the game would would let you travel around space and time shooting up enemies , but no , not really !? It ONLY lets you shoot a phaser once in awhile in hoping to hit your opponent , plus the torpedos are impossible to hit any enemy ships anyway . It has some clutzy laser scan that you need to incorporate the enemy with in order to hit your target using your left thumb ... i thougt this was too much!Besides that silliness , another thing that is very irritating , is that your viewing angle for the ship is from some FAR-OFF ANGLE in space -LRB- maybe Jupitars moon perhaps ? -RRB- and it is very very tiny n small ! Who wants to view the ship this way as an observor on some far off planet !? There should be a choice for zoom , viewing angle , observation point , etc. . . maybe there is , but i did n't give it enough chance and have better games to play with my time.Not only that , the game gets very boring really quickly ! So for your entertainment doller please go spend it on a nice Star Trek movie or dvd , you will not regeret . But I forwarned you ahead of time , heed my warning & beware , keep the reciept if you do not listen to me just in case , I 'm tellin ' ya ... or if you rent it by curiosity , might as well just flush your rental money down the toilet for this game ... I think you would have better entertainment value using this disc for a beer coaster!You 've been forwarned !
 READ REVIEW BEFORE BUYING , THIS GAME IS SLOW , AND A LITTLE BORING , INTERESTING BECAUSE OF THE CONCEPT BEING STAR TREK BUT SLOW , ,
 I was looking forward to this game for my DS , and was already aware of some of the negative reviews . However , I looked at some screenshots and videos of gameplay online , and did n't think too much of it.Unfortunately , the gameplay does indeed leave much to be desired . Similar to my review of ` Lord of the Rings
 I am fan of star trek and decided to pick up this game when I saw it at Gamestop for only 9.99 New.The gameplay mostly resembles Star Trek
 First , I 'd like to comment on some of the other comments
 I was given this game by a friend who didnt like it . . now Ive never watched star trek or know anything about it but hey ... i wont turn down a free game . i found it to be very confusing . i barely played it so i odnt know how the gameplay is ... but it 's only for a trek fan not for an rpg/action gamer like myself .
 Much of the actual function of the game has already been documented and reviewed , so I will be more brief.The game play is based on communicating , scanning , warping , battle , and upgrades.Communicating and Scanning are basically the same thing . It 's a time sink but if you skip through it quickly , you might miss some detail you need . It 's rare , but you never know , so you waste time reading pointless chatter.Warping replays the same sort of scene each time , so it 's a waste of 3 seconds each time.Battle is all about hitting red alert prior to warping , so your shields are charged . You keep your least damaged part of the shields facing the enemy , and you spin around to fire rear weapons sometimes.Tactics are contrived . If you pick the wrong ship to attack first , you pretty much die . The AI uses triggers such as damage level of ship X to cause Ship Y and Ship Z to fly away.Also , you ca n't see much around you when you have an enemy selected . Invariably , you spend the entire battle flying in a big circle to keep your shields lined up right . Very often , this leads to crashing into a planet , asteroid , or starbase . There 's no warning , just BAM `` We ca n't survive this level of damage much longer , captain . '' then BOOM.Sometimes , you 're three warps into a mission , and you are heavily damaged . You have to park and wait for your emergency power to regenerate , because when you warp in , your shields will regen 20 % , but your emergency power will not . If you forget leave the DS to regen shields , you ca n't have it folded up.The saving grace for the game are upgrades . You can pick how to improve your ship by allocating earned points , based on mission completion rating , towards your crew . Sometimes , it 's hard to figure out the right upgrades to get , but it 's the addictive part of the game.But , do n't let that convince you to buy it . If you forget that you left it regenerating emergency power , and the DS powers off for low battery ; or a child finds the DS and pulls out the game ; or you have to turn the DS off in the middle of a mission ... THEN IT WILL ERASE ALL STATS FOR YOUR PLAYER.In other words , you do n't just lose the mission you 're at , but you go back to it being a brand new game . This happenned three times before I finally gave up.This is an unacceptable problem with the game .
 I read about what a crap game this was but because I loved the Animaniacs and I missed their zany ways , I thought I would give this a go anyway ! The controls are awkward and I ended up getting stuck somewhere . I attempted more than a few times but this game brought me no joy . For someone as positive and easy to please as me , even I have to agree with the critics !
 My 11 year old gave it this review
 While the SharkLight looks cool , it 's definitely not the best there is . The SharkLight uses it 's own batteries , which sounds like a good idea but really just gives you one more battery to change . You are better off saving your money and finding a good light source , like playing by a window or under a lamp . If you really must buy a light for your GameBoy/GameBoy Advance , I recommend the Nyko WormLight or WormLight Advance .
 The light is not strong enough , terrible glare !!! Looks cheap !!!
 Sharklight really sucks . It lights up the screen , but the reflection gets in the way . Plus you have to spend 8 dollars forit ! Worm Light is much better .
 At first glance this product seems like a good idea , however , in real world use it proves useless . The light does illuminate the screen but because it is so close it makes a `` hot spot '' on the screen . This hot spot impairs your ability to see the screen . Gamers would be better off buying a lamp .
 At first I thought this light looked pretty cool , but then I received it and found out how cheaply manufactured it is . The batteries just add extra weight and the light just does n't work like you would want it to . Definately not worth the money . Use a lamp .
 This light was helpful , and it could fit on a Game Boy Color or a Game Boy Advance , which was good . However , the design was annoying and you had to adjust it until you got the right angle . It was very irksome sometimes . You 'd be better off getting some other light .
 The length of the gooseneck is overkill , and very hard to position well . Even from the best angle there 's a certain amount of glare . Also , the way it mounts to the GBA does n't work well , it 's difficult to remove , and nearly impossible for kids to do.I just ca n't recommend this light , I 'd suggest looking for something else .
 The sharklight looks alright , I guess . When you see it up close , on a gameboy , it looks pretty cheesey . I thought it would be pretty cool to have the dimmer on it , but it does n't work well . It 's really jumpy . Because of how heavy the light is , and how flimsy the wire is , it is n't very sturdy . You definately could n't use it in a car . Finally after putting up with having to use it , it broke where the wire meets the battery compartment . Also , the idea of it having its own batteries is really stupid , just more batteries for you to buy . I think it 's better to have one that runs on your game boy 's battery . If you 're looking for a light for your game boy advance , get the light shield advance from pelican , the dimmer works better , and it is very sturdy .
 Put simply , does not allow you to see the screen very well . The light is not powerful enough and creates too much glare on the screen . Not worth buying .
 This product is really not worth the money . It does n't help a whole lot during daytime car rides and it mainly just gets in the way . As others have said , it is annoyingly difficult to remove , does n't fold down on the unit for storage , and the package did not state that it needed batteries . I bought it on the way out of town for a road trip and it was useless until I found batteries and then it was still useless . What a pain ! I really wanted it to work well , but I 've tried and it just is n't worth the money or the space to carry it around.Don ' t waste your money on this product . Get yourself some glasses and a real light !
 This light stinks ... it is very dim and the magnifer stinks too . The magnifer is not the right distance from screen and it makes the screen appear rounded . Do not buy , I 'm sorry I did ... and the clear plastic packaging makes it implossible to try and returm it if you are not satisfied .
 First of all , you should not purchase this light . It stinks.When I tried to take it off of my GBA for the first time , it messed up the clip that it goes in , and it scratched my screen . The magnifier always gets in the way also . I think 1 star would be too much credit for it . Dont waste your money .
 the maginifier makes the image look like under a old magnifiny glass , not fun to play under . also the little lights do n't do a good job of lighting the screen . plus you can see the reflection of the lights on the magnifing glass
 I purchased one of these for my Game Boy Color and it worked great . This one has been redesigned and does not work . It lights up ok , just as good as the worm light I own but the magnifying glass makes the immage fuzzy . When playing games with small objects in them they are hard to see . This light is just like my light for GBC but worse . Dont buy this light wait for another company to come out with a magnifying light . Nintendo licenses one that is out only in Japan and it works great , I orderd it from a online company located in Japan . Nintendo does not have a release date yet for USA.This is an update to my review . Nintendo has recently releced its light to America . It is called the Light Boy . It is manufactured by a diffrent company but is licenced by Nintendo . You can buy it right here at Amazon.com
 This light is DIM DIM DIM , and glares on the screen to boot . The magnifier is very blurry . The unit is also awkward to attach and remove , does n't fold up while on the Gameboy , and uses extra batteries -LRB- you need 2 AAAs to run it -RRB- . Absolutely worthless .
 I think this item is way too bulky . I tried playing under one , but it was hard to see . THe magnifying glass did not do much to help except make it look really bad , and the lights on the item made a reflection . I suggest the one by pelican that is little and that folds over the screen when you are not using it .
 this magnifier is not large enough for the screen size it also is positioned to far away from the game screen . I have similar magnifiers for my game boy color that work great but they realy missed the mark when they thought this one up , would not recomend under any condition !
 Straight up , -- do n't buy this product . The lights glare badly off the screen and the magnifer really gets in the way . When you go to put your GBA away the light magnifer does n't fold completely away , it 's a real bother !!
 this thing is completely useless . its just as difficult to see the screen w / it as w/o it , and the magnifying glass just gives off a glare . do not buy this thing .
 now , i know you all think that its wonderful to magnify the game screen.well just lettin you know THE GAME BOY ADVANCE SCREEN IS DARK ENOUGH AND THIS WILL ONLY MAKE IT DARKER !!!!!!! . trust me you will be unbelievably dissapointed with this.just buy a real light.why do you think they made the thing so -LRB- ... -RRB- cheap ???!!!
 ... The light is so dim and doesnt even shine on the screen properly.Also the magnifier makes it worse ...
 the cover made the game look intresting but it was anything but . I was really disappointed when I discovered it was just a point and click type game with no direct control over the characters . the graphics were mediocre as well as the storyline . This is definatly not something you want to waste your money on .
 This game can be described in one word
 I waited for this game to come out for months and I really , really wanted to love it . I held out until I beat the game so I could give it a fair review . Overall , it 's an entertaining and fun game that 's plagued with some serious problems . It looks like Bethesda spent most of their budget on getting Shatner , Brooks , Stewart etc to do the voice-overs rather than hiring good story writers and game testers.Probably the biggest problem I have with it has nothing to do with the actual game play . The game 's writers took WAY too many liberties with established Star Trek lore . I know that games are n't considered part of the Star Trek `` canon '' but it 's irresponsible to the franchise and just plain bad writing to have James T. Kirk chasing the Borg . Some of the missions ' story lines are just plain ridiculous and more often than not , when I beat a mission I was left scratching my head saying to myself `` That 's it ? I beat it ? '' They had the resources , the actors and the access to some of the greatest stories in science fiction to make an awesome game -- and they squandered it.They had access to Avery Brooks -LRB- Capt. Sisko from DS9 -RRB- , they had DS9 and the USS Defiant rendered and dozens of Klingon ships . They could have easily recreated part of the Dominion War . How cool would it be to run the Dominoin blockade with the Defiant ? How about Kirk chasing Kahn around in his stolen USS Reliant ? Take the Defiant out and chase Gul Dukat and his rogue Cardassians in his stolen Bird of Prey ? Complete a mission in which you have to slingshot around the sun , go back in time and transport 2 whales into your cargo bay ? How about taking the Voyager out , sneaking into a Borg swarm and stealing a transwarp coil or a new cortical implant for Seven . They had all those actors in the studio , for crying out loud . They did nothing with the story.And the gameplay , oh the gameplay . The control are confusing and clunky . Every ships ' controls react the same exact way , from the NX-01 to the Defiant
 Been following the development of the game for awhile . Am a Star Trek fan , although not HUGE rabid fan , I enjoy watching reruns of TNG and DS9.Was trying to decide if I wanted to spend over $ 50 on this game . Luckily I got it for Xmas . Unluckily , it did n't measure up to my expectations.The bottom line
 Simply put , I expected better from Bethesda . I realize tackling a `` Star Trek '' game project is a losing proposition , but I think Bethesda assigned the B-squad to work this one.Controls require a learning curve like most games , and the starships `` feel '' like big heavy beasts . Maybe this is cool for some , but for me the combination of clunky ship control and freewheeling camera control made for an exercise in frustration . Half the time you do n't know if you 're up or down , backwards or forwards , etc.Graphics are nice . You 'll get great views of your ships damage modeling while you bitterly attempt to `` fly '' your ship toward an enemy vessel doing laps around you while writing his name in phaser blasts on your hull.Audio is good , everything sounds like it should or what you would expect a Star Trek game to sound like . Learn to love the photon torpedos that pepper your ship , never mind that your not having any fun , it sounds great!Enough rambling , you get the picture . I think Bethesda should stick to what they 're good at , what they win awards for , and what their reputation is built on
 ... you 'll like this game . Granted it 's not the best game in the world , but the graphics are alright . Most of the voice acting is good . Shatner seems to be half awake though . From a gamer perspective I would n't recommend this game to anyone . From a Star Trek fan perspective , I would . It 's alright , has it 's faults , but it 's alright .
 The premise for this game is good , but not good enough . I was drawn to buying this game because # 1 I 'm a huge Star Trek nerd and # 2 I like video games with lazers . However , I 'm not sold on the idea of flying a star ship around like a fighter out of Starfox . The level of detail they could have taken this game would have made it 10x as much fun -LRB- i.e. doing damage control , boarding enemy ships , etc.etc . -RRB- But biggest of all is the controls . If you are prone to vertigo , this game is not for you . The camera controls are something to be dealt with as you 're always attempting to figure out where the enemy is . Good sounds , good voice actors , nooooot that good gamer control .
 I rented this game for XBOX 360 to determine if I wanted to purchase it or not - I am so glad that I did not . A little background , I am a Star Trek fan , I have played MANY Star Trek games , and I own quite a few - in my opinion this is one of the worst . If you just want to try it - rent it , I definitely would not buy it . The problems are numerous : CONTROLS
 PC VersionAs of this writing I am still trying to love this game . When first installed the mission loads your left in wonder . The graphics and detail are something to see . I 'm a fan of most things Star Trek so I 'm usually bias in any ST game . This game was not ... and still is not ready for shipment . The controls are a complete mess and the multiplayer is a disaster . There are a group of us 20 + who all have legacy and play together . Out of 10 games in a session I 'd say 2 go smoothly.If you 'd ask if I 'd buy it again knowing what I know now ... yeah I 'd buy it again . The game truly has alot of potential ... they just really screwed it up.If your not a fan of star trek do n't buy this game . If you are a fan I 'd say buy it ... after the kick in the nuts wears off you 'll still have fun . And once you finally get a multiplayer game to run you 'll love it .
 The game is frustrating and annoying . It is set up as a ship combat game . But in battle expect to allow the battle to occur on auto while you meticulously do repairs on each of the ships in your fleet and instead of picking targets with an auto lock button you instead have to go to a blue/dull tactical map to tap on the enemy ships . Even when you take control of an individual ship and hit the photon torpedo button , do n't expect a torpedo to launch . -LRB- the counter said I had 20 torpedoes but i think it refers to the amount of times you have to pull the trigger to get the torpedo to fire -RRB- A game that is annoying interrupted with frustration , no joy can be derived by playing this .
 Being a diehard Star Trek fan these days is n't easy . Especially when it comes to the video game department . I wanted to like this game . Really , I did . But it just does n't deliver . Or rather , it delivers all right ... a steaming pile . Let 's call it like it is , folks . This game is a stinker!What can I add that has not already been said ? The controls are bad . The instruction manual is wrong . The commands are glitchy . The camera is screwed up . Half your command controls are meaningless . The ship point purchase system does n't work right . You ca n't command other ships to do anything meaningful . You have to micromanage each ship 's repairs in the middle of combat because the A.I. is too stupid to do it on its own . Your ship bounces off of planets like nerf balls . Or worse , all your ships get stuck on them when you are trying to make them warp somewhere.Was this game even beta tested at all?What else ? Oh yeah , the explosions look terrible . Like a few giant pieces of Legos split in half . You ca n't save anywhere . If you die at the end of a mission , you have to repeat the entire mission over again . The game is repetitive , simply consisting of keeping the enemy in your sights , firing phasers until their shields are down , then firing photon torpedoes , over and over . It features a bunch of the much-hated `` protect this wimpy vessel '' missions.There is no complexity or strategy to the game whatsoever . Most of your mental abilities will be spent trying to get your ship going in the right direction . Or getting your controls to do what the manual says they are supposed to do.I 've said it before but it is worth repeating . This game features the worst controls I have ever seen in any game . Ever . Good luck trying to figure them out while the camera is going crazy on you and your ships are all warping the wrong way . Or while the enemy is hammering the medical vessel you are supposed to be protecting , and you are trying to figure out how to get one of your other ships to repair itself.Having said all that , the game does have a few fun moments . It is simplistic and repetitive , sure . But sometimes it does have a certain charm to it . That 's probably just my inner Trekker talking . The Gamer within me says no - stay far , far away!I give this game props for the look of the ships , which they nailed . The sound effects and some of the combat visuals are also good . The music is alright . And they did manage to get all the top captains from the shows to lend their voices here . -LRB- Apparently spending 3/4 of their development budget in doing so , by the looks of the result . -RRB- So there are a few good things . But that 's pretty much it.The story is throwaway . Personally I do n't care about the story anyway . Still , it is odd . The game does n't have any cut scenes to speak of . All voice work consists of voiceovers done while the camera pans over the ships floating in space . This is the cheap way for the programmers to do it , but it sure does n't feel very Trek-ish . Star Trek needs to have Captains on the bridge , people on-screen talking to each other . This sorry excuse for a game has none of that.For the Xbox version , we also get a bunch of achievements with that tacked-on feeling . Good luck getting them all , since there 's a bunch of them that depend on the multiplayer . I ca n't even review that part of the game , because it looks like no one online plays this.Some have said this game feels rushed or unfinished . I agree . But worse , this game feels completely broken . A lot of the central concepts of this game simply DO NOT WORK . Somewhere along the line , the developers should have realized this and gone back to the drawing board.That 's my review.So Star Trek
 I think that this game is pretty quirky . The interface is difficult , the gameplay is weird , and the controls are n't intuitive . On top of all that , the storyline is n't so great . This game got boring pretty quick . Not for me .
 This game is a travesty . Poor controls and poor mission design will have you bashing your head against your console until you lose enough blood to pass out . Going to the dentist for a root canal is a more enjoyable Star Trek experience than this awful attempt at a Starship Combat game . It is as though Mad Doc software took all of the good ideas that could have been put into a Star Trek starship combat game , jumped up and down on them , shredded them , flushed them down the toilet , retrieved them from the sewer , burnt them and then buried them in concrete to make sure that none of them were implemented . Do n't buy this game for anyone else unless you really hate them , even then you would have to really dislike them to purchase them something so wretched .
 The graphics are really nice , but the game storyline is simplistic and does not require any thought on the part of the player . I would suggest renting it or waiting to buy it used from people like me who will toss it out soon .
 I did not like this game . I got it when it first came out and never figured out how to play it . It frustrated me . Oh well , it was likely me .
 Oh yeah , there has n't been one in forever . I 'm a HUGE Star Trek fan and I have to say that this game SUCKS . Save your money for something else . The interface is clumsy and not well thought out . I hope that when Star Trek Online come out that it 's light years better than this .
 Other than the name and deceptive advertising this game is not star trek . The graphics are poor the animation is boring . The ships are unimpressive and have little to do with star trek . They lie about re-enacting star trek episodes . It 's just a bunch of lousy battles that have nothing to do with the original or other series . Ships orientation is unrelated to travel direction . Warp drive takes you out of the game area . It does not came close to taking advantage of the xbox360 . I am sorry I bought this game & wasted my money . Return it before you open for Christmas you or who ever gets it will be terribly disappointed
 Go take a look at the reviews for the PC version , which I own . This game is an aboslute travesty.It has no depth , no strategy , zero replay value . It 's buggy , controls are worthless , graphics are not up to snuff , there is no upgrading of systems or selection of captains , no ability to use Star Trek systems like tractor beams or transporters , no 3D manuevering - you ca n't even customize the skirmish mode by selecting your own enemies ! The game does it for you . No in-game save , you can only save one mission at a time ... need I go on?Avoid it at ALL COSTS !
 Let me first say that I am a huge fan of Star Trek . That said I really wanted to love this game , or even just like this game . The controls are horrendous . The ships turn like aircraft carriers , while this may be realistic for the Trek universe it 's not fun at all . It 's one thing if you are fighting one on one , now then it 's better , because you and the other ship are jockeying for position to take each other out , but in the first three levels -LRB- as far as I got -RRB- you face maybe 6 or seven romulan ships at once . So your targeting one ship , getting in position then another ship gets in your line of sight , okay so I cycle through the targets , yes you cycle through , not automatically target , and by the time you have done that the ship is no longer in your sights , and your ship is heading away from the battle , so I slow down , turn my ship and two minutes later , I am back trying to aim at ships again . I also got to the point where I just stopped my ship all together , so I only had to worry about targeting ships and not flying and turning . So then I am just pushing the phaser and photon buttons over and over again until I kill them , how fun is just punching buttons while you watch ships fly around . Did I also mention that you have to protect something in every level ? Yes , in addition to fighting and flying , you have to make sure that the base , or ships you are protecting are also not destroyed . You also have multiple ships to switch between and repairs to set up because the ships crews ca n't repair themselves . The fact that you have to pick what to repair was another annoying thing . I have damage to my sheilds and only my sheilds , yet i HAVE to tell the ship to repair , nothing else is damaged and I have to tell the ship to repair the only thing that needs repairing . Also the controls are baffling . To set up repairs or transporters or scans or anything like that , You have to hold a button down , for a few seconds to bring up the option , but warping is one button . So I could n't tell you how many times I was trying to battle and I accidentally warped away only to turn my slug of a ship around and make my way slowly back . Some of the reviews on here are good , but not great , so I thought that the game would be good not great . I love star trek so I was willing to work within the frustrations of the game , but could still find no fun in this game to speak of . Screw this I am going back to play Fallout 3 !
 First off , the graphics , music , sound ... . etc is amazing no doubt ! However , playing the game is not interesting at all . For example , there are way too many controls for the ship that one can not navigate fast enough to avoid attacks . I 'm very disappointed !
 This is a terrible game.The controls are n't well designed , partly because the game is mainly set in 2-D , but is also 3-D whenever it is most inconvenient . You are controlling a fleet of ships , but the controls are n't up to the task of controlling individual ships -LRB- which is frequently necessary -RRB- . Commands to individual ships are often mysteriously forgotten . The A.I. for both the enemies and your own ships is quite poor . Tedious micromanaging is the norm.The main voice acting is merely decent , while the secondary voice acting is dreadful due in no small part to muddled accents -LRB- father was Russian and mother was Scottish ? -RRB- . Even worse , dialog during combat is actively misleading with lines such as `` shields are down , captain ! '' when all ships ' shields are actually fine.The space battles are dull affairs as you have so little control over the single ship you are managing at any given moment . On top of that , there seems to be no rhyme or reason as to the effectiveness of the weapons and shields . On many occasions I 've found it necessary to retreat from an enemy who had hammered my ships , only to repair and return and find that same enemy is suddenly ridiculously weak and easy to destory.Even at the `` easy '' setting , the difficulty of this game has nothing to do with the actual gameplay and everything to do with the how well or how poorly the mission is crafted to the controls and how random are the spawned enemy -LRB- be they ships , or asteroids , or even timed events -RRB- . More than one mission -LRB- and you can not skip a mission -RRB- is nothing more than tedious hours of repeating the mission until you are lucky enough to overcome the objectives.Star Trek fan or not , avoid this game .
 I was truly hoping that I had found a video game platfrom version of SFB . Not so . If that is what you are looking for here , you will not find it . Bad controls , misleading claims on packaging-there is no `` 2 player '' option for this unless you are online and guess what ? After attempting to find an opponent online several times ... there is no one on , hmmmm ... wonder if that is because everyone takes it into the local game trader after finding out what a piece of garbage it is . Horrible floating camera angles . What 's the deal ... expected so much more from Bethesda . Did no one with any background or interest in the real time tactical Star Fleet game experience test this thing ?
 The controls in this game take forever to learn and the control book still leaves you pressing the wrong buttons . This game should also include all the races of star trek not just the main ones . They should not have scraped the upgrading part of this game . They need to improve if they 're going to make Star Trek legacy 2 .
 I am new to gaming -LSB- a mom -RSB- and an avid Star Trek fan . My daughter got an Xbox 360 for Christmas . My sister got me this game because I put it on the Wish List . It was the only Star Trek game Amazon had for 360 . We also got Lego Star Wars , both of them . I love the Lego format , and I was able to master the controls after a period of frustration , and I found it a lot easier than the combat-type game -LSB- Eragon -RSB- that my daughter had first . Lego lets you role-play , and it 's funny.Enter Star Trek Legacy . I wanted to role-play the characters , and see some familiar stuff , be able to tour the ship , try out the controls , and be left alone to wander around in the beautiful graphics . Well , I could fly the Enterprise around , but the crew was nowhere to be seen , and I could n't figure out how to find the enemy , even with my daughter coaching me -LSB- she hates the game and would give it one star -RSB- . For me , I ca n't control four ships at once ! Ca n't the game-writers include an ` easy ' mode for beginners ? My sister has Oblivion IV , and the rich character-creation would 've been a lot of fun in Star Trek . I did not enjoy the battles , battles , battles , and all the blood in that particular game , but the scenes were gorgeous ! I wanted to see Star Trek planets and rich scenes showing the backgrounds I saw in Star Trek episodes . I particularly love the Original Star Trek , and would enjoy exploring the planets our crew visited as one of the crew , or have the ability to ` be ' a made-up crew member . I like the ships , but I do n't want to battle anyone , and I want to be able to ` walk around ' and use the ` props ' the characters used in episodes , from Original Star Trek to all the Star Treks and maybe even Andromeda . The Star Trek universe includes a lot more than ships , and there were n't a lot of battles . Roddenberry 's magic touch was the interaction between Kirk , Spock , and McCoy , with humor and struggles to understand and not interfere with different cultures . Each evolution of Star Trek had a different set of characters that were loyal to each other and to the mission . Take the characters out and just concentrate on battles , and you have Star Trek Legacy , which lacks the magic . To the team that produced it , watch some Star Trek and use your Legacy artwork to produce an Everyone 10 + version of it with character role-play and episodes we saw , if you will . I will try to like this game , but it 's because I 'm desperate for something Star Trek that 's as much fun as the Lego Star Wars games .
 I think it would help by protecting your screen but it gets in the way and makes it look wierd . There is another item called thr light screen advance that has contrast control and you can close it to guard the screen plus it even has it 's own light . So if you want a GBA protector buy this and a GBA case instead .
 The roll cage is kind of useful , but kind of dumb . It helps protect the screen , but it looks kinda dorky and it might bother some people . The 2 bars are the things that can bother you . If i were you I would n't really want to buy this . If you do , just take it off when u play and put it back on . If you do n't have a case , i suggest you buy this though . I gave it a 2 star because
 sure , if you drop it square to the ground on a flat surface larger than the cage , it would work well against scratches , but all my scratches are from things smaller than the screen and from rubbing against stuff . the cage is really annoying to play with and gets in your way and vision . it should be bought by people who like drop things perfectly of flat surfaces .
 I dont have this but I would n't recomend it . Like one other review said its looks kinda dumb and most things that would scratch the screen are to small to be blocked by it . PLus i have been a long time Nintendo cusotmer and they built their products to withstand alot . YOu can beat the hell out of them and they still work . I personally think its a waste of money. ,
 the roll cage is stupid , who needs a roll cage for a game boy ? It sounds like a waste of money to me
 Why the hell would you need this `` Roll Cage '' ? What i wan na know iz . Who the hell is dumb enough to drop thier GBA on the ground ? I mean , if your so dumb , that you would drop your GBA , you should n't have one on the first place . And this roll cage is a waste of money , it doesnt do anything , sure you drop your GBA ... and WHOA , no scratch on your screen , but your GBA iz broken . . but look on the bright side . . your screen isnt scratched . And how can you tell you wont drop it on a rock or on the corner of some table . . i 'd like to see how the `` Roll Cage '' will protect your GBA now . But i can understand that there 's some stupid people in the world , so i give this product 1 out of 5 stars , because thats how many stupid people there is in this world . .1 out of 5 .
 Good idea , but if you want to use any other accessories , this gets in the way.If all you do is use GBA in bright areas , and without the rechargeable packs , then this is OK .
 THE IDEA OF THE ROLL CAGE IS GOOD BUT AS ANOTHER KID SAID , `` SMALL THINGS WOULD ONLY SCRATCH THE SCREEN . '' HE WAS RIGHT.ALSO IT LOOKS COOL -LRB- TO ME -RRB- BUT I WOULDNT BUY IT , IT WOULD PROLLY GET IN THE WAY A LOT TO !
 i bought this item and it didnt work ... what a load of junkmy son droped his GBA on carpet and the thing fell apart . . didnt hurt the GBA any but just think about what would happen if he was to drop it on asphalt or cement < < < BROKEN >> > its ok for looks but it really -LRB- disappoints -RRB-
 This is a GREAT thing to have ... if you want to just be annoyed beyond all means of comprehension at the little metal bars . Let 's look at this from the ` proper ' viewpoint.You play gameboy ... You drop gameboy ... You pick up gameboy ... Life goes on ... Unless you are a 15 foot tall giant -LRB- or just happen to be playing with your gameboy at an high elevation where there is an easy drop off nearby -RRB- , you wo n't need this add on to your gameboy . Put the money toward college !
 I do n't have this but I can already tell I do n't like it . For one , it looks dumb , two most things that scratch the screen are small objects and this wo n't help . Please people have some common sense , Do n't buy it
 It is pretty cool for slow paced games but when i played F-Zero it just got in my way .
 I was so excited about this game when I heard about . But when I saw the cover I noticed a weird looking guy on the cover . I said `` That 's not Hot Shots Golf 2 ! '' I saw the game and I saw people playing it . I thought -LRB- that looks fun -RRB- then I also noticed the characters again!I thoght it was a Pirated version of Hot Shots Golf 2 . But yesterday I found out that SCEA changed the characters for the American Release ! Like they changed Sam to an weird looking guy from a cool guy from the first one . I knew wanted to find the Japanese verison to buy but it was know where not even Japan!I DO NOT recommend the American version but that is if you can find the Japanese one . -LRB- P.S. I hope they do n't make the same mistake changing the Characters again in Hot Shots golf 3 for PS2 -RRB-
 fore means to watch out in golf . well , watch out for this one , it 's a horrible waste of money
 when i first bought my gba i figured it would be a good idea to buy a case to hold all my stuff so i bought this one . At first it was great . Of course i only had two games and the gba . then i bought more stuff and now i can barely fit anything in so i have to buy a bigger case to hold all my stuff . ye its convinient to have a separate compartment for the gba but the other part is just way too small and there is n't nearly enough space to hold all my stuff . if u only want to be able to hold about four games this would be a great case for u but ... there just is n't enough room for all my stuff . i do n't recomend at all !!!!
 Then it is pretty much worthless . It has room for only the GBA & maybe 2-3 games . It has no room for the battery pack , headphones , link cable , worm light , ... I have an old case from the ORIGINAL gameboy from 1990 . It is far superior & does n't look like a fanny-pack /
 it is the worst game i have ever played my entire life its so borong
 o.k. at first i was beyond excited when i heard that there was finally a baseball game coming out for the gba . i studied as much stuff as i could and i was pumped to go buy it . it finally came out and i did so . o man . i popped the game in and played an exhibition game . it looks great ! and plays well too . but all i look for in a baseball video game is the option to trade players and keep stats . IT HAD NEITHER OF THOSE OPTIONS !! this was the only reason i wanted the game !! so for those of you looking to buy the game this is a thing you must remember . DONT BUY THE GAME IF YOU WANT TO HAVE ICHIRO ON YOUR TEAM ALONG WITH BONDS AND IT DOENST TRACK STATS SO BONDS CANT REACH 71 !! i hated this game so much i took it back and am patiently waiting for another baseball game with these options to come out .
 I REALLY WANTED A GAME FOR GBA AND WHEN I SAW THIS COMING OUT I THOUGHT OK LET 'S TRY IT , BUT WHEN I GOT IT IT WAS HORRIBLE I COULD N'T TRACK STATS OR TRADE PLAYERS WHICH ARE 2 KEY ELEMENTS 2 THE GAME OF BASEBALL . JUST WAIT FOR ANOTHER BASEBALL GAME THIS IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY . I KNOW IT WAS A WASTE OF MINE .
 I am baseball fanatic and played virtually all the baseball games out there . By far , this is one of the worst games . Characters are so small that it looks like sticks moving around . No realism . There was some error in my game where the opposing pitcher walked my player , but my player stopped halfway towards the first base . Seems 3D0 worked on this for a while and just quit . Terrible job , get racing games for sports but not this one .
 What a terrible port . I 'm serious when I say this is the worst handheld baseball game I 've ever played . I enjoy world series 95 on my game gear better than this . There is absolutely no depth , running -LSB- or pickoffs -RSB- , no stats -LSB- my biggest whine -RSB- and no trades . Also , the AI is ridiculously easy . You 'll be begging for some high heat to your head by the end of a 9 inning game .
 Bought this game thinking it would be the best baseball game for any handheld system . The graphics are stupendous , but what it lacks is AI . Once in awhile I 'll play games where I hit a flyball and get out , then one of my guys on base runs around the bases and goes home without me telling him to . The computer lets my guy do that and it does n't even count as a run . The AI of this game is poorest I 've ever seen on any baseball game ! Worse yet , it does n't keep track of statistics !! I usually go back and play my Ken Griffey Jr. game for the original Game Boy ! Not worth getting !
 The graphics are great ... especially for the tiny screen that the GBA has . My major complaint is gameplay . I love baseball . The stats I do n't care so much about . But simple things like a hit and run , stealing , performing a double switch -LRB- in your national league games -RRB- do n't work on this game . Playing against the computer is interesting too . I played a 13 inning game where the closer for the computer team came in the 8th inning and pitched for five innings . Not a very realistic thing . Trading players so you can make up your own team would be nice as well . Graphics 5 stars . gameplay 1 star . Looks are nice , but gameplay is more important in my book .
 This is a bare bones game , not much depth , including no stat memory , no ability to steal bases , and the AI is really easy . Very low replay factor .
 As one other victim also writes , I too was missing the DVD Controller and Steering wheel . Christmas morning was just not the same since we did not get what was ordered ... Santa should take issue with this poor quality control . I think Amazon should give all it 's shafted customers a free game CD to make up for the Holiday shortcomings ... what do you say Jeff ?
 I have a problem with this . It has n't been in stock since it hit the net . I 've looked around , and this game pack is definetly the best deal around , but IT JUST DOES N'T SEEM TO GET BACK IN STOCK . The entire pack probably has a net value of around $ 500 , and at only $ 399 it 's a great value . But does anyone know what is keeping this entire package backordered ? THE REMOTE . Because of the Interact DVD remote , people have n't been able to buy this great PS2 deal . I 'm very irritated , and annoyed because this deal is so good that I am committed to waiting around for it . But because of that remote , no one can purchase this . It 's not even supposed to be that good of a remote !! If I were you just go and wait for the Gamecube , which will arrive in November and waste both the PS2 and the X-Box . Amazon ! What are you doing !!
 I bought the package and like others I did n't receive my steering wheel or my DVD remote . I inquired about it and I was promised a refund on the missing items . Days have passed now and I have n't heard anything back . Do n't buy this package
 A one star rating is to much . I did not receive the V3FX steering , nor did I get the DVD remote that I was suppose to get in the package . This was not only a Christmas gift to my husband but also an Aniversary gift . Your options for addressing this problem are limited and I still do not have a clue when I can get this problem resolved and of course Christmas Eve is just 3 days .
 The 2 stars does not go for GT3 , a four star game . The system deserves only 2 stars . I was very disappointed with the system for a few reasons . One reason was the DVD player . If you are buying this system to play dvds , you may want to reconsider.The Ps2 dvd player misses many options - it is devoid of the ability to always switch the screen ratio of a movie.Another reason I was disappointed with the system is the price . For the price , I expected a system with much better graphics - the graphics are not spectacular - only a very small step up from dreamcast -LRB- and even dc beats ps2 in some areas -RRB- . Plus all extra controllers and peripherials are very priceyThe last reason is the speed , the ps2 seems really slow to load.Other than that the games are pretty good , I recommend GT3 , Twisted Metal , Red Faction
 Aside from Gran Turismo 3 and Twisted Metal Black , all of Playstation 2 's killer franchises are going over to XBOX . Plus , XBOX has a total of 40 1st and 2nd party studios making exclusive games for it , along with massive 3rd party support that eclipses even PS2 's support . If you are looking for a console this christmas , look to the XBOX for superior graphics , better DVD playback , high definition gaming , builtin broadband adapter for internet gaming , 4 ports without the need for a multitap , hard drive for saving games instead of memory cards and for storing your own personal game soundtracks on , and realtime DD5 .1 all for the same price as a PS2 ! In other words , the smart buy is XBOX .
 Do n't buy a ps2 just it 's in style How can you know it is the best if you are one way minded what about Dreamcast game cub Xbox is dreamcast dead hard to say When sonic aventure 2 come out a game sega ca n't make enough of it 's so good
 Army Men Advance tries to capture the feeling of playing with those green Army guys you can buy by the bag for $ 1.50 , but fails miserably.The game starts with your choice of either the Sarge or Vikki , though there is no visible difference between the two . You are given a list of mission objectives . To complete each level , you must obtain all of the given objectives . Objectives range from finding keys to free POWs to sabotaging enemy facilities . Of course the objectives grow increasingly difficult as your progress.The game 's overhead view bares a strong resemblance to the 1992 release of Demolition Man on SEGA CD . You use the D-pad to maneuver in the corresponding direction . With unlimited ammo at your disposal , all you need to do is stand diagonally at an angle to your opponent and fire . The AI is terrible at recognizing this strategy and will continue to fire in one of the basic four directions . It is very rare that you will find an enemy actually firing diagonal.From a visual stance , it appears as if there was little attention to detail . In the character select screen , Vikki has this green haired Malibu Barbie appearance . In the game , she looks like a peach humanoid with a green ponytail carrying a black block . Sarge keeps his full green motif , but looks just like all the enemies , except he is green . The floor remains a monotonous gray , and there is a definite black seem between the characters and the backgrounds . I know you may think I am being harsh on the graphics , but when compared to other games out there , this is just not acceptable.This is another classic example of a game that should never have been made . If you want the feeling of playing with Army Men , go to your local store and spend $ 5 on a few bags . The fun will last you longer than this game . 3DO should have either passed this project up or given it more quality . I do not recommend this game , however for those who are still curious , rent it first .
 this game is the lamest game of all . Save your money and try to buy the other army men game when it comes out . I bet it will be a lot better than this one . I would of givin this game a 0 of stars but thats the lowest is one . The levels are so easy and the graphics are not that good . The sound is pretty good but not great .
 This game is the first game I bought for my new GBA . I sold after 3 days . The game gets very boring very quick . Everything is repetitive . Basically you
 This game is a pathetic waste of money . It does n't at all use the full power of the GBA at all ... Personally , I got my game boy only yesterday , but I already have or have played 14 games ... and this one was the worst ... Save your money on the release of Grand Theft Auto ...
 This game is so easy its not even funny . I played it at a Circuit City and beat half the game in 20 minutes ! If you want a good game buy Super Mario Advance or Tony Hawk .
 At first glance the game looks as though its fun and will give you hours of fun . Think again before buying this game . there is no in-game saving which means you have to use a password to get to the level you were last on . Save your money and buy castlevania . to sum this game into two words
 This game was good back when Gameboy was new but now that there are plenty more and better games ... this game sucksIgnore this nonsense ... please -LRB- this game sucksthis game sucksthis game sucksthis game sucksthis game sucksthis game sucks the levels are boring and sometimes hard and well get another game or the boogeyman will kick your @ $ $ duh !!!! hahahahahah blaH blaHblaHblaHblaHblaHblaH hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha -RRB- now ... seriouly ... do n't get this game , buy metroid fusion or metroid zero mission . Or if you are really into army men -LRB- You dorks -RRB- you can buy toy soldiers to play with duh !
 ... . It is about average compaired to an original GAME BOY game , but not as good as any GBA games . If you want a good game , get Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 , or Bomberman Advanced , or Krazy racer , but not this . This game should be taken of the shelves ... , but not played . Pleeze do not buy this game , it is a sad excuse for modern technology .
 I have to tell ya , I 'm a die hard Army Men fan . Army Men
 this game was so bad . it was the gameplay and the graphics . i strongly suggess that you do n't buy it . take my word i am a gamer .
 I liked some Armymen Games but this is just as bad as Sarges Hero 's 1 . The horrible looking charactars and bad looking stages . But the horrible combat system does n't help either .
 Ok this game looked promising but now that i have played it i can tell i was wrong . the story is good -LRB- kinda silly however -RRB- the graphics are passible -LRB- with the exception of the sorry character animations that chop along like a scooby doo cartoon -RRB- and the control is terrible . but the story will keep you going despite everything thats wrong with the game . now the sound is something great close to perfect voice acting and creepy music . for sound and story this game gets points but control and animation could use some work .
 this game horrible do n't waste your time utter mess play MGS or atleast Syphon Filter 1 2 or 3 anything but this horrid game
 This game -LRB- ... -RRB- ! I wasted -LSB- my money -RSB- ... ! How can In Cold Blood be UK 's # 1 seller on PS for 3 months in a row !!!!!!!!!!!! I thought it was good so I brought it . After playing the first 30 min . I thought to my self ... maybe I should have brought Mary Kate and Ashely Adventures !!! Yes I 'm a guy but that dose n't mean that I ca n't play Mary Kate and Ashley . If you feel stupid then buy this game . Or you can buy it and waste your time and think to yourself '' -LRB- ... -RRB- Mary Kate and Ashley was on sale too ! ''
 So , do you excpect the whole movie , on one little disk , is going to enertain you ? It dos n't unfortunatly , one of the biggest problems , is that the movie is in pictures , what I mean like that , it dos n't scroll through the movie , it 's the whole thing was chopped up into the pictures ! It almost feels like the audio is thrown off this way . The video quality is terrible too , lots of blurs , and graphic squares pop up too . It was a great idea , turning out bad .
 Please , whatever you do , do n't buy this . I had no intention of reviewing this `` game '' until I noticed that it was actually in the top selling games for the DS -LRB- albeit within the top 100 , but that 's beside the point regarding such filth as this -RRB- . It 's twenty dollars . Sounds cheap , right ? Looks kind of funny , right ? `` Elf Bowling '' ! You knock down elves , how hilarious!Okay . Now that you 've smiled -LRB- or perhaps not -RRB- at the thought of knocking down elves mimicking bowling pins , there 's absolutely no reason for you or your mom or something resembling a person with a heartbeat to buy this . The two games on here -LRB- bowling and shuffleboard -RRB- resemble poorly made PC shareware circa 1992 , because that 's what they pretty much are.Google `` Elf Bowling . '' There . Play the two games included on this $ 20 compilation for FREE . Kinda glad you did n't pay anything for such a mildly amusing fun-for-five-minutes-at-best triviality , huh ?
 For a child this game might seem ok , but being someone who checked this out because I thought the PC version was fun , this one is a really poor excuse for a game that is just a really cheap clone that lacks in options , replay value and fun . Whats even worse , the NDS version is a clone of the GBA version , they did n't even bother to upgrade any options , features , and most importantly , the graphics ... why did they even bother?You only get two games to play here . One is Elf Bowling , where you control Santa to bowl over 10 elves as the pins . They say a couple of cheeky things , but there is just not enough of them to keep you from getting annoyed at hearing the same thing repeated over and over again . I had not even completed 1 round yet before I was bored of it . There is no real skill to the throwing the bowling ball technique , and it does n't even involve the stylus . . you can tap the screen to shoot , but ya may as well save the little amount of effort that takes and just hit the A button when the moving arrows light up the area you decide you want to roll the angle at . Least on the PC you could pull the mouse back and depending on how fast you pushed it forward determined your speed , but this cheap knock-off port does not even have any skill to it remotely like that . The other annoying thing is the lack of pace . You HAVE to watch the gutter cleaner drop down to clean up remaining pins -LRB- elves -RRB- and you cant just hit a button to skip it it and have your next bowl . Even tho it may only be a second or two , after a while , it just slows the whole pace down and leaves you annoyed at how long it takes between bowls . Then there is the music ... . there is none , ya just have to listen to silence until you complete your shot.The other game is basically backgammon . You see how far you can toss your elf down the alley , the further you go , the more points you will get for it , but you can also throw them too far off the end of the alley into the mouth of a shark that looks really lame . You also have to watch the computer take its turn next , and the elves distances are really annoying in the fact they look like there just in front of you , and as you throw an elf down the alley they come into focus of where they are on the alley.There are no options , no bonus ' to unlock , no powerup throws , no nothing to keep you coming back for more . I wont be surprised if anyone else agreed that one you finished your frames , you had no desire to ever turn the game back on ever again.For the lack of effort put into this , you would think it might be a decent little mini game contained in some other game , but I for one am glad I did not actually pay money for this game , as anything more then a dollar would seem like a complete rip-off ... and i certainly hope that amazons price of 114 bucks is a mistake , as the whole thing is not worth 114 cents .
 We were so fired up to finally be getting the Shrek Game Boy game . My son has really enjoyed all of his games and has gotten really good at them . But , just imagine my surprise when I saw him with tears streaming down his face after just a few minutes of playing . My first reaction was to remind him that it will take some practice to get better . His response to me was `` It 's just a fighting game . '' He even had his own ideas of how it could have been better , -LRB- ie . more puzzle levels , jumping , ala Mario -RRB- . I take blame for this one . I did n't read the back of the box . I assumed ... and you know ... . There are lots of great games out there . Save your money on this one .
 I saw , and loved the movie . I expected this game to be somewhat of an action adventure , with the ability to switch characters and solve puzzles . Picture the image of Shrek being able to belly-bash , and the donkey being able to jump and bray . What I got was basically just a fighting game , ala Mortal Kombat , Street Fighter . The game itself is good , but all you get to do , is play as many different characters and fight best of three rounds . It has special moves to learn , and is a decent fighting game , but nothing more . You just need to take this into account , and if you like that idea , then buy it , if not ... it might be good for a rent .
 If you 've seen the movie , you may be tempted to go buy this game but do n't . It is a fighting game that has nothing to do with the movie . It is extremely boring and is not fun at all . Trust me ! Do yourself a favor and save your money !!
 This game was awful . I bought , thinking it would be like the movie , but it was n't . It was n't worth the money . You just jump around , hitting the other player . Buy Zelda or Mario instead .
 The movie Shrek was a clever , funny respin of a popular fairy tale theme that looked amazing to boot . Shrek
 horrible , boring . nothing else to say
 This is the worst game I ever played . I was so excited to play it but then when I played the game I was sad because you just fight . When I was gon na fight the gingerbread man I said to myself that it 's not fair because I wrote the password correctly but I did n't beat the gingerbread man and I ca n't shoot but the gingerbread man can shoot so I said it was not fair so I started to cry and I also said this is the worst game I ever played in my whole life !
 A primative run-of-the-mill punch and kicker . Schlock version of Mortal Combat designed to capitalize on a fun film . Not at all engaging and not very responsive to the hand controls .
 It is so stupid . I beat the game in 15 mins . I thought is would be cool but it is n't . Do n't bother in buying it , it is n't worth the money !
 I have always been a Might and Magic fan . I thought 7 and 8 were great games despite the graphics because the graphics did n't get in the way and still set a good atmosphere . I realize they were dated , but it worked.The graphics in Might and Magic IX so far are inexcusable . Just in the training area there are a lot of clipping problems , and I have already gotten `` stuck '' in between textures twice already . The mouse-look is exaggerated which makes it almost useless . The text is blocky and choppy -- it looks like zoomed in text on an LCD panel running at the wrong resolution . They really tried to take the faces on people and improve them , but they look very out of place against the jagged background.On the positive side of the graphics , the monsters do look good.The sound is quite good , however , so I 'm hoping a good sound card and 5.1 speaker system can help set the atmosphere . Although get to know your sound system very well - I was presented with seven sets of 3D sound options with no explanation of them or recommendations.The character progression model also looks entertaining , and it obviously has some nice M&M touches that should still make it enjoyable . However , it is hard to get around the graphics.Also , as of April 4th , 3DO still does not have a support section available for M&M 9 . That 's right - no support . If you 're hoping to find an answer as to why the graphics look so bad or why the text is jagged , you 're out of luck.So the pros
 I read lots of negative reviews and chose not to believe them - after all , I played Might and Magic 3 to 8 to not overwhelmingly good reviews , too and enjoyed it a lot . Graphics for me are n't the most important part in a RPG and I can live with a story which is n't epic -LRB- I do some other things besides playing on my computer -RRB- . That means , however , that I do n't want to bother with stupid details like searching fort an expert for hours or walking through an area for hours on end . In the last installments of MM , there were some brilliant solutions for that . I especially liked the mini map or the Fly spell . These are all gone , and after some hours of playing , I have n't even found Town Portal yet.To add insult to injury , the handbook is seriously laughable . Character creation is boring and there are many pesky little details in handling simple things that should be intuitive . At least on my 1 MHz Athlon , there were loading times even for a map or a chest to open . Oh yeah - and even if graphics are n't that important to me , there seem to be only about five looks for NPCs - boring.I did n't listen to the good advice I read everywhere - you should -LRB- I bemoan the fate of my 40 bucks -RRB- . Why 2 stars ? For nostalgia 's sake , I guess -LRB- and even as I type this , I seriously tend to reconsider -RRB- .
 Unless you are a die-hard fan of Might and Magic , you 'll see this title as a slightly buggy , outdated RPG that is outclassed by the other titles released at the same time . As a previous reviewer has stated , the compass on your screen and the directions on the map do not match -LRB- `` hey , that building to the north is to the east on the map ! '' -RRB- . Most of the graphics in this title are also recycled from earlier titles ... and this is coming from someone who did n't even play MM8 , so you know if I say recycled , its OLD graphics . The character portraits for example ... theres 4 of them to start . If you are a human female , get used to that dwarven female portrait.Some classes are downright difficult to evolve into ; like the Lich for example . You can become a Gladiator within the first couple days of playing , but do n't expect to become a Lich until the game is 95 % over.Now ... if you ARE a die-hard fan of the Might and Magic series , get ready for a dissapointment ! The rich jokes and hidden quests and items are completely missing from this title . Worse
 I must say at the outset that my wife an I are huge Might and Magic fans , playing every one of the previous games to completion several times , which makes our experience with M&M IX even sadder.It is ugly , the user interface is very poor , and much of the original game has simply been left out . For example
 This game is boring , juvenile , and visually disappointing . I have been playing RPG games since Cinema Ware first came out with ` Defender of the Crown ' -LRB- OK , most of you readers were n't even born yet -RRB- and have watched role-playing games advance through ` Wizardry ' to ` Eye of the Beholder ' to ` Might and Magic ' to ` Daggerfall ' -LRB- the best ever ! -RRB- Somewhere after that , RPG games seriously lost it , too much emphasis on shooter/3D technology and inane conversation , and not enough on characters and plot . MMIX is a sad example of both the effects of this change in direction , and 3DO 's tendency to cheap-out the production costs.Role-playing is about the character -LRB- s -RRB-
 I bought this game over a year ago , and was very much looking forward to it . I loved Might and Magic 6-8 and played each one all the way through -LRB- some more than once -RRB- . I liked the gameplay , the graphics were -LRB- at the time at least -RRB- pretty good , and most of all they had good stories to them . I had been hearing how 3DO was planning major improvements for MM9 , so I had high hopes for this one too . Then I played it , and what a let down . I really tried to like this game , but just could n't . I played it on and off for a little less than a month and have not bothered with it since . The graphics , even though there is a new engine , are really quite bad compared to other games in its class -LRB- things are much to angular -RRB- . The NPC 's are downright aweful looking . The story did not intitally make a lot of sense to me and did n't seem at all compelling or interesting -LRB- and I think this is really key to a good RPG -RRB- . In my humble opinion , this is the worst of the Might and Magic lot -LRB- at least since 6 came out -RRB- . I 'd avoid this one . Go pick up Neverwinter Nights if you want a really interesting PC RPG . If you 're looking a good console RPG try Arc the Lad
 I have played all of the Might and Magic games over the years and do not believe I can really express how awful this game is . Stay away ! You will be much better off with Wizardry VIII , a fine example of how a series should be ended .
 this is a plea . 3DO please stop slaughtering this great seris . please bring in some fans and let them design the game . because these one is horrable .
 I do n't know what 3DO is thinking with this line of games . The first six of these games are n't bad and are some of the classics of the genre . However , once seven came along , there were some very dramatic facelifts to the RPG . Baldur 's Gate and Torment came out around the same time and really added some needed depth to the RPG . The M&M series is still stuck in that same old rut of level , new spell , new dungeon , new level , etc. etc. . So that leads up to the newest installment . They have finally improved over the 2D graphics of five years ago with a 3D model that looks like it should have come out 4 years ago . The characters and voices you can choose from are pure cheese , similar in a way to Wizardry 8 -LRB- However on the whole that RPG is much better -RRB- . Then there is the game itself . Wandering through monotonous realms slashing this and blasting that . Fundamentally the same system of levels and skills are in place in the previous installments . There is no depth to speak of , and I found that I had to force myself to keep playing after awhile due to mounting boredom.There is nothing new here . And what few improvements that have been made should have been made to the series several years ago .
 Do n't bother with this game . The games looks like it came strait from the 90s
 DO NOT waste your money on this title . Very dated graphics and load times absolutely cripple this game . This is 2002 ? Well this title looks as if it is right out of 1992 ! I have been playing for about 4 hours , totally bored . I swear half that time was waiting for load times . Mind you I am playing on a P4 with 64MB Nvidia card . Utter -LSB- junk -RSB- ! Wait and buy Dungeon Seige and Warcraft3 . My rating of one star is being kind .
 As an avid Might & Magic fan I looked forward to this one . It certainly did not live up to my expectations . One of the previews said there was no teacher system . Well there is , and you have to chase down everyone in every town to find them . The music was good , but I could n't understand why everyone thought the graphics were so great . I played on a laptop and they were terrible . A lot of areas were so dark I could n't tell where I was . The map helped , but in a few places it was screwed up and north was west , the arrow pointed the wrong way and the map hurt more than helped . This was only one of the MANY bugs . The game hung up almost every time I played it . Some of the quests I completed were not recognized . Thankfully they were not part of the mainline quest.Most of the townspeople did not respond to your actions . They all had a set conversation . If you completed your quest they acknowledged it and gave your reward , but the next time you talked to them they asked you to do something for them , as if you were meeting them for the first time . You did not get the quest to complete again , just the dialog for it . Nothing seemed to react to my heroics . I never got the feeling that I was in the game . A role playing game should make you feel like your playing the part . A good example was the frost giant . The townspeople are freezing and starving because of him . You go and kill him and guess what ? They are still freezing and starving . What did I kill him for?Character development was never very clear . The manual was seriously lacking . I knew from previous games what numbers I needed to advance , but a lot of times the teacher told me a character could n't advance a certain skill . I never knew why and wasted a lot of time planning my character development for nothing . None of that mattered because of the bugs . Once my characters were promoted it seemed I could do anything I wanted . I never had a chest blow up in my face , I could see all the traps and secret doors . Each character could carry practically everything in the world . I never had to leave anything behind because I did n't have room to carry it.Your 3 NPCs are worthless . They can not be controlled and you can not even look at their stats . When in a battle they either cast a spell or attack . If they use magic they cast a low level spell , if not they attack and almost always miss ! They have no ranged weapons and if you are not next to the enemy they are totally worthless . If you click on them you get the original conversation or a choice to fire them - nothing else.I wasted a lot of time trying to decide which spells I wanted . There were two or three spells that were so powerful I did n't need any others . My healer could cast a spell that restored all health and magic points and cured any problems , over and over again - every turn . That made every battle a joke.I hope the developers take notice and do a better job . I really liked this series and hate to see it ruined .
 THE GOOD
 Might and Magic 9 however is the worst I 've played and I 've played 3 through 7 . I loved might and magic 6 with it 's great graphics and music and interface . I liked 7 , and I 'm hoping to get 8 . I believe the worst part is that you only get TWO classes to choose from . Yes , two . A fighter and an `` initiate '' -LRB- mage -RRB- . They eventually branch off offering two other choices but that 's it . There are less skills and magic disciplines as well . The class variety was one of the best parts of the series.The graphics are boring and bland with the occaisional decorations that you ca n't do anything with . I believe this game has the worst sky as well . Unlike 6 and 7 it does n't move in anyway -LRB- clouds , etc -RRB- and is rather boring to look at . The music is awful , I listened to all of the songs and did n't hear even 20 seconds of sound I liked . The sound effects are alright but nothing special or imersive . The 3D engine they use is very poor in my opinion . NPCs in towns move stiffly and their faces look crudely `` pasted on '' . They have no moving facial expressions though their bodies occasionally move . The inventory screen dropped from the great system from 6 and 7 to similar to might and magic 3,4,5 only not as pleasant . The voices are mostly stupid though there is an occasional funny line here and there.Doors in this game are very poorly done . They automaticly close after about 5 seconds . This gets very annoying when you want to keep track of where you 've been as the automap is already mapped out for each dungeon I ' e been too and therefore of no help to the explore.What next ... Oh yes , you do n't get a plain `` attack button '' you get an attack/use/open button and an attack/shoot missle button and a use button . You usually ca n't attack nothing and you ca n't attack people . No longer do you have to worry about the temptation of killing the peasants wandering by . You ca n't . You can shoot them with arrows all you want but they do n't even blink -LRB- ever -RRB- . When you attack you do n't even see any blood or any responce other than a little popup window at the bottom that says you did a little damage.There are few items on the ground anywhere in the 3 dungeons I 've wandered around in and the treasure is usually worthless skills . You 'll accumulate tons of them though you wo n't be able to use most of them since once you use them you do n't need them anymore.Enemies look alright , occasionally . The skeletons look like flat skeletons , the zombies look like not quite as flat zombies . Dragon Flies are the best I 've seen so far though they are quite hard to see among the flat trees.The only GOOD thing I can say about this game is that you can finally swim in water . Yes , that 's the only good thing I can say about it . Even the Loading screen is boring , just a map with a tiny ship sailing back and forth a couple of inches .
 I have been looking for RPGs that rival some of the old M&M , and even Ultima etc. . I 'm pretty old school I guess , not as concerned with graphics as I am with gameplay and quest lines and so on . From those aspects , I find many disappointments and not too many good points to discuss.First , when I got to Tronheim -LRB- one of the towns -RRB- it was a complete maze . It takes you a couple of hours to gain you bearings that you can go somewhere easily , and then you find out that the directional finder on the map is off by 90 degrees , so when you are actually facing south , your arrow on the map is pointing west , etc. . Very frustrating and confusing for a town . I think this is ridiculous because since you have to be more than half way through the game to even find a lloyd 's beacon spell -LRB- oh yeah no learning or completing quests for spells , you have to find them or buy them -RRB- town portal is your only savior sometimes . Then if you get thrown into Tronheim , good luck.In relation to the lloyd 's beacon thing , the game does not allow you to progress to any decent spells until the game is nearly over . And the lack of `` fly '' is a pain since the game score is rated on how long it takes you to solve , and there is an equally irritating travel ability between towns and areas.This games is not totally terrible , because it does contain some very challenging quests , but it is not a good value at the current price . maybe at nineteen or fifteen bucks , then it becomes worthwhile . But with the things I mentioned , and the many despicable quest bugs mentioned in other reviews , you should wait a while before purchasing .
 After playing MM from the beginning -LRB- still have MM1 on sega gensis -RRB- , MMIX was a huge disappointment from the start . If you love the previous intro 's , dont get your hopes up with MMIX ... they pan down a banner with stick figures scribbled on it . Also , the character selection was sad with only two options ... fighter or magic user . Once started , you will see that inventory screens and equiping items leave a lot to be desired . I will admit that the 3d can be interesting at first but it gets old real quick . As for this new dialogue , it 's a pain in the behind and the only thing I can think of to describe it is ... cheesy!After eagerly awaiting this newest version , I would of preferred to save my money and re-play a previous version . Call me old fashion but I hope that they return to the old version style and quit trying to fix something that was not broken . I gave it 2 stars just because I am a die-hard M&M ; fan and could n't pull myself to give it only 1 star .
 Why Jon Van Caneghem would put his name to this is anybody 's guess . The graphics were created by 3rd graders ... I 'm not kidding ! What can you say about a game that even screws up the fonts ? How about the black ocean with clipping errors ... The characters are just plain ugly . It is obivious that the graphics , level design , and that incredible opening cinematic could n't have been created by any real game company . I was struck dumb by how incredibly BAD this product is . Even the install program glitches . The ONLY thing New World Computing did right on this game was the box cover . Very nice box cover.Now for the other reviews on this site that gave this title a 5 star rating
 As a long time fan of Might and Magic all I can say is what a disappointment ! Bad graphics , terrible game introduction , weak character class choices , poor fighting system , weak NPC interaction , blurry fonts that hurt the eyes , ca n't see hits against monsters , out-dated paper doll style character inventory , poor monster animation particularly during fighting , too few sound cues ... The game plays like an early beta or alpha version . It feels clunky and unfinished , even the introduction to the game is uninspiring making you want to uninstall rather then play ! One star is too many .
 The game is buggy , and locks up . 3 DO said on the box that it would run on windows xp , and on their web site said that it would n't . I checked later and I could n't find the note about windows xp , but they had n't put out a new update . I 've played every might and magic game , but this will be my last !
 This game literally made me feel sick . I actually really enjoyed the older graphics , it made the game original . The new graphics and game play make me motion sick . What a shame , it was 3DO 's last shot before they went belly up : -LRB-
 So ... the game loads , at first , and you can play it until you have to sleep , and save the game ... after that it does n't load . Well , it does load , i can hear the game music , and footfalls if i walk around . But there 's nothing to see here ... so ... the company is out of business , and i do n't know if it 's my computer or the game ... the patches do n't help ... in summary , if you can stand to not save the game once , and beat it in one sitting ... maybe worth buying , otherwise if you have vista , based on my experience . . theres a strong chance it wo n't run .
 I 've played the last 4 M&M ; games and have loved them all . I have also played all the Heroes of M&M ; games and think they are excellent . Basically , up until last night , I was a New World Computing fanatic.That is until I played M&M 9 ... ; I wo n't go into the details but the graphocs are the least of the problems . It 's lost all sense of immersion and is extremely flat , buggy and boring . I honestly ca n't believe it . This probably spells the end for this otherwise fantastic series . NWC should really reevaluate the team that produced this product.However , Hereoes of Might and Magic 4 is excellent !!!
 After all the innovations over the past 15 years , Might and Magic still looks the SAME ! If you like the game play of Might and Magic , you will enjoy this game , however , I ca n't seem to get past the fact that the graphics look as though they were created on a Commadore 64 . The graphics and type are blocky , like first gen games . . for those at 3D0 , PLEASE PLEASE invest in a new engine that is n't 10 years behind your compitition !!
 I 've had to come online to double check I had the right game - I thought maybe I 'd learnt my roman numerals wrong or this was a counterfit version - I say this because when I started playing this game I immediately thought OH no , I 've got the earliest version of MM not the latest !! I loved MM6 and 7 , the inventory was great and the graphics while not the flashest were enjoyable , and the layout easy to use , like mixing potions and using the maps . This game is seriously limited - it 's like everything you could do has been taken away . On top of that it glitches out left right and center . I 'm bummed , I was looking forward to getting stuck into a new game and I 've been landed with this budget junk . You 'd be better off to drag out the old MM games and play them than put time and moneyt into this .
 This game is awful ! Avoid it at all costs . This game started out as a FREE flash animation game on the PC . It was available for free download for years and years . This is a dirty attempt to cash in , and it clearly shows . Although a bowling game is indeed uncommon , it gets repetitive and boring after the first few frames . The animations do n't change , the sound does n't change , nothing changes ... it 's the same little minigame , over and over . Granted , bowling is technically like that , but it takes more in a video game to make it entertaining . Please , do not spend your money on this ... . it 's a pathetic excuse for entertainment .
 I bought this game for my little girl because it looked cute and funny . The supposed `` Everyone '' rating that Amazon claims it has made it sound like it would be okay . Once I got it I noticed that the rating on the box actually says `` T '' for teens . The elves are funny , but also rude , violent and crude . They rip eachother 's heads off , and go around with their pants down showing their naked little elf behinds while they spank themselves and yell out `` Who 's your daddy ! '' Yeah , so my daughter was disappointed , to say the least , wondering why the elves would give her this game for Christmas if she 's not even allowed to play it now . : -LRB-
 For a child this game might seem ok , but being someone who checked this out because I thought the PC version was fun , this one is a really poor excuse for a game that is just a really cheap clone that lacks in options , replay value and fun . Whats even worse , the NDS version is a clone of the GBA version , they did n't even bother to upgrade any options , features , and most importantly , the graphics ... why did they even bother?You only get two games to play here . One is Elf Bowling , where you control Santa to bowl over 10 elves as the pins . They say a couple of cheeky things , but there is just not enough of them to keep you from getting annoyed at hearing the same thing repeated over and over again . I had not even completed 1 round yet before I was bored of it . There is no real skill to the throwing the bowling ball technique , and it does n't even involve the stylus . . you can tap the screen to shoot , but ya may as well save the little amount of effort that takes and just hit the A button when the moving arrows light up the area you decide you want to roll the angle at . Least on the PC you could pull the mouse back and depending on how fast you pushed it forward determined your speed , but this cheap knock-off port does not even have any skill to it remotely like that . The other annoying thing is the lack of pace . You HAVE to watch the gutter cleaner drop down to clean up remaining pins -LRB- elves -RRB- and you cant just hit a button to skip it it and have your next bowl . Even tho it may only be a second or two , after a while , it just slows the whole pace down and leaves you annoyed at how long it takes between bowls . Then there is the music ... . there is none , ya just have to listen to silence until you complete your shot.The other game is basically backgammon . You see how far you can toss your elf down the alley , the further you go , the more points you will get for it , but you can also throw them too far off the end of the alley into the mouth of a shark that looks really lame . You also have to watch the computer take its turn next , and the elves distances are really annoying in the fact they look like there just in front of you , and as you throw an elf down the alley they come into focus of where they are on the alley.There are no options , no bonus ' to unlock , no powerup throws , no nothing to keep you coming back for more . I wont be surprised if anyone else agreed that one you finished your frames , you had no desire to ever turn the game back on ever again.For the lack of effort put into this , you would think it might be a decent little mini game contained in some other game , but I for one am glad I did not actually pay money for this game , as anything more then a dollar would seem like a complete rip-off .
 This game is terrible . I am not complaining about gameplay-it is terrible because I can NOT play it . First , the game does not recognize the keys of a USB gamepad . The pitching and hitting keys that work are different than showed in the documentation . Even when I figured out they keys , you are limited to simply throwing one pitch and swinging away . I can not believe 3DO could release a game and not test it with a USB port !! This makes the game unplayable . Second , Home Run Derby crashes in the middle and brings you back to your desktop . I could sit and list the problems I had once I FINALLY got a game going but I can summarize by saying-this is the worst game ever put out for the pc . This is not just a bad game , it is an unplayable bad game and my money has been wasted . I am so dissappointed because I finally upgraded my hardware enough to play the game people have raved about and it turns out to be junk .
 I bought the High Heat 2002 game and was reasonably satisfied . I played it on Win 98 and had a few problems , but nothing that took away from the experience of the game.This year 's 2003 offering is even WORSE than last year 's ! I 'm using XP and 3DO must have not put any effort into testing or troubleshooting the game with XP . There are several major bugs that cause stuttering audio , random -LRB- and excessive -RRB- program crashes , and game play problems . Try to draft a team ? Good luck , you 'll wind with some people you did n't select , replacing guys you did and have no idea where they went.Expect a patch ? Good luck ! 3DO issued 1 patch for HH2002 and it looked like they were aggressively persuing further patches to upgrade the product . Instead , they gave up and let the customers suffer with the program . This year , they look like they 're not even bothering with 1 patch ! The company puts a sub-standard product in stores , dares people to purchase it and does n't stand behind it at all.Don ' t waste your money , you 'll be disappointed.Bryan M.Bowie , MD
 I purchased the Microsoft game pad to go with this game , but it does n't let me pick off a guy at first or second . Also , I followed the directions on the gamepad for pitching but the computer team continually clobbers my pitching . My pitches seem to all come in at the same speed and the same location no matter what I do and I 'm usually losing , 10-3 in the third inning . One hit after another , one game after another . Not very realistic . Definitely tilted unequally towards the computer.Would not recommend this game unless it levels the playing field . Have gone back to my High Heat Baseball 2002 .
 This game is horrific . It simply does not work out of the box . First of all , it does not recognize the game pad buttons if you have a USB hook up . Secondly , the Home Run Derby mode crashes in the middle of playing and sends you back to your desktop . Finally , the game itself plays terribly . Of course , I could not use all the buttons but this was a waste of money . I am extremely disappointed . I finally upgraded to a computer that could play this and now I am stuck playing my old Triple PLay 99 , which by the way , is also 99 times better !! I wish I could get my money back . Under no circumstances should you buy this game .
 Bugs , bugs , and more bugs . 3DO has chosen not to provide updates to their games but instead re-release nearly the same product . Here 's the kicker , they want you to spend another $ 30 . I have had so many problems with the game and have used technical support to it 's fullest capacity . Still yet , 3DO can find a way to make their game work on one of the most powerful computer systems available . I have also used their customer support department and requested assistance . They are useless . They do n't care if their customers receive a poor product and obviously think that they are the only product available.I will be the first to tell you that the season mode and the statistical tracking is phenomenal but if consistently get booted off of a game without saving what is the point.If you want this product , be prepared to save your game after every 3 innings that you play , or else you 'll find yourself playing the game all over again.Disgruntled Consumer
 High Heat has never been a great graphics game . I 'm assuming after this year 's effort , it never will.This years offering is buggier than ever . In the HR Derby , upon hitting a HR , the background images begin a spazmatic convulsionas if demon possessed.The box states its XP compatible ; however , none of their other titles are . Yet , this is not an XP issue . I can play it ; assuming I dont mind seeing the stadium metamorphesize before my eyes , and then have lights flickering in teh background the rest of the game.One could assume there is some type of issue on my system . However , a friend bought a copy the same day I bought mine . Runing a lesser graphics card did not help . Windows 98 SE did not help , as it did the same on his computer.There are no patches that I know of ; at least none on their website . I have tried everything , and still can not fix this.On the plus side
 The game dosent even work and i surpass all of the requriements
 This GAME starts off with 5 stars-1 star-Graphics-The graphics are terrible compared to any other game . Even of its not baseball , The graphics are inacceptable . All the people look the same accept for their race , and the outfit they are wearing . Half the players dont even have a picture.-1 star-gameplay-This game was SOOOOOOOOO poorly made . In the easiest difficulty i lost 8-5 . With the same teams in 2 harder difficulties , i won 35-0 !! Also , u ALWAYS get away with stealing from first to second , but u NEVER be safe stealing from second to third.-1 star - This game gets boring sOO eaily becuase it only has 2 good modes . There is practice , and exibition which is the same . Home run derby WHICH IS TERRIBLE BECUASE U CANT FACE THE COMPUTER !!!! , and a season which is terrible because half way through the season u always get a roster problom which is impossible to fix.-1 star-Crashes easily and takes 25 minutes to instal - this game which is about 300 meg took 25 minutes to install on my SUPER good 1.2 ghz amd athelon pc . Diablo 2 which is 1 gig , 3 TIMES THE AMOUNT ! , took 3 minutes to install . Also , when u play this and u forget to close ur instant messeges , and u get an instant messege , the game minimizes . ONCE IT MINIMIZES , SAY GOOD BYE !! cuase once u click on the game to bring it back the screen turns black and it freezes.Do not buy this game !!!
 Everything Sucks in this game . It 's to easy to hit a home run . And Hey 3DO went bankrupt . I wonder why . Because it Sucks . Every Game they came out with -LRB- except Sarge 's Hero 's -RRB- all sucked.As Tommy Tallarico said in Judgement Day on G4 said it SUUUUCCCCCKKSSS . And then he threw it down on the Ground . Stay away from this sucker . 3D0 Sucks
 -1 star-Graphics-The graphics are terrible compared to any other game . Even of its not baseball , The graphics are inacceptable . All the people look the same accept for their race , and the outfit they are wearing . Half the players dont even have a picture.-1 star-gameplay-This game was SOOOOOOOOO poorly made . In the easiest difficulty i lost 8-5 . With the same teams in 2 harder difficulties , i won 35-0 !! Also , u ALWAYS get away with stealing from first to second , but u NEVER be safe stealing from second to third.-1 star - This game gets boring sOO eaily becuase it only has 2 good modes . There is practice , and exibition which is the same . Home run derby WHICH IS TERRIBLE BECUASE U CANT FACE THE COMPUTER ! , and a season which is terrible because half way through the season u always get a roster problom which is impossible to fix.-1 star-Crashes easily and takes 25 minutes to instal - this game which is about 300 meg took 25 minutes to install on my SUPER good 1.2 ghz amd athelon pc . Diablo 2 which is 1 gig , 3 TIMES THE AMOUNT ! , took 3 minutes to install . Also , when u play this and u forget to close ur instant messeges , and u get an instant messege , the game minimizes . ONCE IT MINIMIZES , SAY GOOD BYE !! cuase once u click on the game to bring it back the screen turns black and it freezes.Do not buy this game !
 I am a long time fan of High Heat and have bought every year 's version . This was not a pc game but a poorly executed console port . If I wanted to play a console game , I would have bought the console version . But , to get a console version that plays on the computer , well , is insulting . As others have written , there is no mouse support . I could live with that , if the interface was easy to use . This interface attempts to be cool , which only leads it to being difficult and not at all intuitive.Often you get to a place and have no idea how to do what you want . The help key is not very helpful , either . Without a mouse , it is hard to find what you want , or to get out of the wrong place , that you will find yourself often . I felt insulted by this game.I should have listened to the reviews that downgraded the game . I actually found the play at times fun , but the game crashed 2x out of 3 games . Not good . That it crashed during the only enjoyable game I had , well , was not reasuring . The addition of new pitch types was a good change . The circles to assist fielding are WAY to large and intrusive . The game often required six or more imputs to get it to accept the pitch selection . -LRB- Yes , my sidewinder was calibrated , and works fine with other games . -RRB- This totally interrupts the flow of the game , and is very frustrating . The player graphics look like they were taken from an arcade game and not as realistic as some past versions . Some of the animations are really entertaining.Overall , I was very disappointed . Getting a console game , wrapped in a pc package to me is unethical . The menus are flat out awful . If you want a console game to play on a pc , well , this is fair . As a pc game , it is poor .
 My system too surpasses the requirements , yet the game wo n't run . How long until EA Sports releases TP 2003 ? Maybe that one will run .
 This game leaves much to be desired . What the positive reviews are from people who love to play baseball sims . If you look at the Whole Baseball PC offerings this year -LRB- HHeat , Triple Play 2003 ? -RRB- and the others are all Manager type Sims not graphics games . You quickly see that the level of graphics is not on par with any of the other Hockey or Football PC Games . Look at NHL 2002 Hockey and the Rinks are great . . look at FIFA 2002 and the areana are sharp and the extras add to the environment . No such thing here ... the stadiums are pixelated and the crowd a big blurry blob texture ... The sound stutters on the most popular sound card -LRB- SB Live Series -RRB- ... or worse cuts out and then a loud instant on crowd noise sample is played . . really odd transitions like that.Three River Stadium is still there -LRB- hey Pittsburgh has a new Stadium now -RRB- ... maybe I am spoiled playing Quake III graphics games and NHL 2002 to see what you can do . No extras in the graphics no separate Dugouts in the stadiums . No intro video.I got the feeling I got a Value Game Edition -LRB- like they give you free with Video Cards - the Light Edition -RRB- ... This should have been released as HH 2002 Gold . They put all the development money -LRB- my guess -RRB- toward the console versions -LRB- XBox/PS2 -RRB- versions and just released a patched version of HH2002 in a new box .
 For the past three off-the-shelf versions of High Heat there have been bugs galore.I will name only the first three that come to mind ... You ca n't watch your team play in manager only mode ... if you try it will kick you to your desktop after the top half of the first inning.Trying to play Home Run Derby can make your computer hang.Yet again , snafu with transferring seasons from older versions of the game.I 'm sure the game itself will be great once it is patched . So do yourself a favor and wait until it is . Even at the low shelf price it 's not worth the frustration yet .
 Is it just me , or do these five-star reviews for games that nobody has even seen yet sound like PR pieces that 3DO is putting out , trying to get us to buy their game ? HH2002 was a good game , no doubt ... but a great game ? Hardly . Looking at the 3DO website it does n't sound as if there is that much really new with this version . So be cautious about these reviews .
 I am a true Sim lover . The game really is lots of fun , and is quite enjoyable . I was so happy when I saw that Hot Date was comming out because I really wanted to be able to have my Sims get more indepth with each other . So I asked for it for Christmas , and I was lucky and got it.It was the first thing I used that morning and loaded it into the computer . This is the first time I realized that it was taking longer to load then anything else I had ever loaded . Once loaded I jumped into the game . While I played I grew very frustrated with the sluggish way the game moved once Hot Date was added . The pictures are still great , and the added way to talk to other Sims , and to just call to talk is great , but far out weighed by the fact that it can take 3 minutes -LRB- in our time not the Sims ever fast paced life -RRB- just to get my Sim to call a friend to go downtown , and to walk to the front door . The game simply freezes as the cd-rom loads up the next thing.I am still happy to have Hot Date , but I find myself not really using it , and thinking of unloading it off of the computer . I do not think that it is worth the asking price to have something clog up your computer . The `` multiple '' new things you can have in the downtown area are okay , but not necessary.Knowing what I know now I would proably choose not to buy , or ask for the product . Sims Hot Date is dissapointing for this fan of the series .
 Do n't get fooled by the great reviews if you have an xp platform ! Sims Hot Date does not work on it . It sounded great to me at first but then I relized it required an older platform !!!!!!!!!!!! like would n't they update it to run on xp ? -LRB- DOy -RRB-
 I could only get this game to work 2 times . And i could not play my regular sims game when this is loaded you must play this version . I am a real fan of the sims games but i do not reccomend this version at all . Unless you have a very up to date computer .
 When I would read the previews for the game I guess you could say I got ... `` ginny '' . But when I made the stupid decision buying the game I relised everything is slow and even locks up your computer on occasion . Now , I have 124mb of ram and a pentium 4 proccesser . I ca n't imagine someone with the minimum requirements for this game trying to get it going . Of course any expansion pack for the Sims would n't be horrible to own but its not worth the price they put on it . I 'm not really sure die-hard Sims fans will really get a huge kick out of this game either . The only decent part of the expansion pack is the extended buying mode . But remmember thats also in house party -LRB- not as big a selection but you see where I 'm going with this -RRB- . I know I sound like a fool but people save your money , wait for sims online or something . Your best bet for now would to buy house party .
 Wish I had paid more attention and saw that it is only for Win 98/ME When so many are going to XP you would thing they would make this run on XP . Boy is my daughter disappointed and I will not go back to Win 98 . I have an old computer with 98 on it but it is only 400 Mhz . From what I read it may not play on that very well .
 This game looks so cool !!! The other expansion packs looked really bad because they just gave you new items and stuff . This one is cool because you get this downtown area where there are shops and restraunts . You can get a date and go downtown . You can buy them cool things and the more you buy the closer you get to them kissing you goodby ! There are over 30 new types of interactions , 125 new items , the downtown area , and tons of other stuff . By the way I give this game 5 + stars . I gave it two so I could find my review . I pre ordered mine off amazon so I Know for sure that I 'll get it on time because I do n't want to have to wait for stores to get this back in stock . If you are new to the sims and you want this game you have to buy the origanal `` The Sims '' or the game wo n't run on your computer . You do n't need to get the liv 'n large and house party expansion packs , but it makes it much more fun . I highly recomend this game and I hope I have helped you .
 Was very excited about this , love the Sims and can finally go shopping , eat ice cream and have fun . Well , until people inhabit down town . Then it freezes . just like real life . it freezes each time . If I 'm playing on a computer I prefer fantasy that works .
 Boy oh boy . I was really looking forward to playing this game . So far , all it has done is freeze up my computer . Previously , I had the Sims Deluxe Edition with House Party and everything was groovy . Since I have installed Hot Date , I have yet to close the Sims normally ... it always crashes my system . My system is well beyond the minimum in all aspects . I have also installed the recommended patch , after the first few crashes .
 The new objects are pretty good . However , this expansion pack runs a bit slow and `` going downtown '' gets to be rather boring .
 I was looking forward to this expansion pack for The Sims . But EA/Maxis have tried to pack too much info into one small expansion pack . First of all it slows the game wayyyy down . It 's fine if you just let the sims do their thing but every time you tell them to do something it pauses a long time and slows down . Also , now when you click to go to a house to ` play ' a sim family it makes you wait a long time ` while everyone goes downtown ' . Downtown is the new added area where sims can buy things and walk around and have dinner . But you wo n't believe it -- the ` dinner ' is the SAME pork chops green beans and potatoes they have been eating for two years now . Those poor sims !! Maxis could n't have thought of something new ?! They do get some type of dessert that 's new if you order the full meal . Other than that they walk around and can buy a rose or an ice cream cone etc. , or magazines that increase their interests that part is n't bad -- but for the amount of time it slows the game down , it really does n't add much to it in general . I wish I had n't added Hot Date onto my game . Maxis should have come out with Sims 2 with all this stuff in it so it did n't slow down the existing game so much . As it is the original game will soon be outdated . It is made for Win 98 . Plus , the sims do n't interact very easily any more . I try to get my sims to talk to the new characters in the game , which are n't very interesting anyway , and the new guys do n't want to talk . So , if you think your sim wandering around downtown alone and buying an ice cream is worth -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- and a slower game , buy this . Otherwise I 'd leave your game alone . Personally that sounds too much like my real weekends for me ; oP
 Bought this for my wife , she was disappointed at best because of the limitations that no one ever mentions . Things like you can only control one sim while downtown and it seems to be extremely buggy even with the latest patch , sims and townies both get stuck and sims sometimes seem to `` ignore '' anything you tell them to do . It also requires a pretty hefty cpu and graphics card compared to the stock Sims game and other add on packs . It did seem to `` settle down '' after she played it for a while , but is much slower when downtown than when at home . If The Sims barely runs on your machine , Hot Date will completely kill your machine!The machine she plays this one is only about 6 months old a Sony VAIO FXA36 , a 1 Ghz processor with 128 MB of ram and an ATI Rage Mobility graphics chip . I can upgrade the RAM to 256 and that might help .
 The game promises and delivers everything you ever wanted to do with your Sim , IF you can live with `` Frozen Screen '' , `` Game Crash '' , `` Freeze Game '' , `` Music Skip '' and a million other bugs that I am sure that Maxis found quiet acceptable before shipping . This game would be their best yet if they would only patch it up . As for any sound problems
 This expansion pack has alot of bugs in it yet if you are a true sims fan . Requires organizers etc. to use any fan site downloads . Has caused numerous crashes to the desktop , sims to get stranded downtown and other strange phenomenon . I do n't recommend this pack to anyone until Electronic Arts releases a patch that actually fixes the problems they missed in beta testing .
 When my sims goes to downtown she just stands there all day . Does n't move or goes to talk to anybody . I have to tell the sim to do everything . Waste of money and very slow .
 PLEASE not ANOTHER expansion pack !!! Why doesnt Maxis and EA focus on better things like The Sims 2 , Simcity 4000 , Simsville , and The Sims Online ! The only reason I give this one star is because of the town feature , but then again you can do that in The Sims Online !! Also you can only patch up a game engine so many times !
 I thought this game was really bad.I got this game for my 11 year old daughter at christmas . the rating says 13 years old and older , but I thought they normaly over rate computer games and my daughter had The sims , so I did n't think it would be that much worst . When I saw what was in the game I stopped my daughter playing it . There was a love bed -LSB- that was very rude -RSB- , there was a a love swing and a picnic basket that they kiss on . There was to much Love and kissing . I Think the game should be for teenages 15 years and older , not 13 years and older.I would like to say to parents with children under 15 , DO N'T GET THIS GAME !
 As much as I love the Sims collection , I 've noticed it takes about five minutes longer for it to load with each expansion pack . After buying Vacation , I could n't play it at all , it took so long . And there are n't many games on my computer , either.I recommend this for patient people , because I just ca n't be bothered to wait that long for this game .
 I have to admit it was addicting for like 5 days !!! But than it got boring ! Well it does have some cool things like you can build malls , restaurants and other cool things , but than like any other sim game it got very boring , ever day is the same . To get to the mall it takes forever ! Also it still has that annoying music when you are building , I feel like I want to go to sleep . If I could give it 0 stars I would !
 This game is entertaining for the first three days , and then the appeal wears off . It takes a plethora of tedious and miniscule tasks to get one major thing accomplished . Buying this game would be the worst waste of money ever.Although there is 125 new items , you need to build al lthe buildings and areas , and it takes too long to enjoy . Heed this warning and do not buy this game .
 This game does n't work on Windows 2000 or XP , and EA says they have `` no plans at this time to make a patch . `` I hope they have plans to file for bankruptcy if they continue to ignore new operating systems .
 Buyers beware ; The Sims website claims that it has not received any complaints from people running The Sims
 I love the Sims . Whenit first came out , i played it all day every day . With every expansion I would get back into the game again , but not this one . I only played it for about 3 hours and I was done . It takes FOREVER for things to load and its so chopy and I have a good computer . It takes up a lot of space . The other problem is that they think its so great to have a few new furnishing and floors and wallpapers , but you can download practically anything you want from the internet . The internet is just like millions of expansions packs . You can download anything . This expansion sure didnt get me hooked .
 This game could be inaproprioate for people 10-11 or under
 This game , it really sucks.You know , I have a cheat for it so you can have all the money you need . it is
 well i havent actually bought this game but anyone who does must be really desperate .
 I love the Sims have all versons play them 24-7 . They take up soo much memory and then can run slow or you have to turn off all the extra items to get them to run that you lose some excitment . I bought a brand new computer just to help play the Sims Hot Date only to find that it wo n't play on Windows XP . Bigger problem is that Maxis states that they wo n't write a patch to fix this problem . You ca n't buy a computer now days without XP and it wo n't run on Windows 2000 either . Good luck to all those who do n't know like me !
 I thought the concept of a `` downtown '' area for my Sims and newly created Sims -LRB- that come with the downtown atmosphere -RRB- would be cool . They could mingle , hang-out , and make-out . Unless you have a guide book , expert help and advice online , and enormous capabilities for patience ... you 'll be very bored with this game . It is nearly impossible to get to `` first base '' with your Sims . I was so shocked at how hard just getting along was -LRB- as compared to the original version -RRB- ! It literally can take DAYS just to find two Sims who will date each other , much-less kiss or get `` funky '' . I have , however greatly enjoyed trashing the downtown area that comes with the game and rebuilding my own ! Great fun in that department ! The new downtown objects , people , building supplies , and options are outrageously creative and new ... no budget to worry about ... you just build to your heart 's content . The game can be fun . . as long as you are patient . Very patient . I am a bit annoyed with the game right now , but as all gamers know ... someone will eventually post a `` tips and help '' site and then I can imagine this game being a little more fun . Until then it feels much like extra-credit homework in your favorite class ... frustrating but fun . Hot Date has potential ... I would love to hear from anyone who has mastered the lovin ' skills ... do email!Update
 I would really love to give this game a 5 star review , but there are too many bugs in this game if you are running Windows 2000 . I was able to run The Sims , The Sims Living Large and The Sims House Party with NO PROBLEM while running Windows 2000 , and all Hot Date ever does is crash right when I 'm starting to have fun . Until Maxis releases a patch to fix this game , do not bother buying it if you are running Windows 2000.PS - if you do n't believe me about all the problems with this game , feel free to visit thesims.com website and check out the message boards/BBS - there are a ton of posts about people having problems with this game , and there are also posts from people who love it .
 I would really love to give this game a 5 star review , but there are too many bugs in this game if you are running Windows 2000 . I was able to run The Sims , The Sims Living Large and The Sims House Party with NO PROBLEM while running Windows 2000 , and all Hot Date ever does is crash right when I 'm starting to have fun . Until Maxis releases a patch to fix this game , do not bother buying it if you are running Windows 2000.PS - if you do n't believe me about all the problems with this game , feel free to visit thesims.com website and check out the message boards/BBS - there are a ton of posts about people having problems with this game , and there are also posts from people who love it .
 Although this expansion gives the availability of just calling and partially keeping a relationship alive , the amount of time to build and keep any type of relationship inhibits the availability of advancement in job promotions.Our family is nuts about the origional and house party , but this one has dissolved that interest and hot date sits unused . We will uninstall this expansion so that we can get back to enjoying this game and hope for a better expansion in the future .
 This is the worst game ever . There is almost no gameplay and it takes hours of working up to your date to get 1 kiss . Dont buy it .
 Guys , really ! If you want to go on a date , fine ... get a fine looking woman , and ASK HER OUT ! If you want to sit around the house all day desperate , alone , and lonely ... buy and play this game religiously!With the amount of TIME and MONEY you spend on these PATHETIC games , you could be meeting real people , doing real things , and maybe ... oh my gosh ! ... GETTING *** REAL *** WOMEN ! LOL !
 Help , am wondering if this is appropriate for a mature 14 year old . Some of the wording on the package-get lucky-concerns me .
 I like the premise of Hot Date but the game is too slow and sometime causes the computer to freeze . A patch is definitely necessary . Ca n't blame Maxis becuz the thought was in the right place . Just wish the game was better
 I should 've gving it more than one , but to me it 's like playing dollhouse or house . The reacations are tuned up , but some problems are there , A sim if on the Ultra Fast speed hits the bed , he or she will not get up-you have to wake them up . It 's not like in the other 3 Sim games , I must agree with 2 star or less people , this game needs to be debugged . The items and such are great the 1st time , but get boring the next . I dislike the Gossip reaction-this should 've been left out the game . It 's like Barbie and Ken going Sim , though worse . House Party , Sims and Living Large are better , Large has new jobs , maybe if they could add a little more realness into these games , say murder and even fatal illnesses .
 Was very excited about this , love the Sims and can finally go shopping , eat ice cream and have fun . Well , until people inhabit down town . Then it freezes . just like real life . it freezes each time . If I 'm playing on a computer I prefer fantasy that works .
 Dont you people see what they are doing ? Why could n't they add this stuff in the last 2 expansion packs ? They are putting out an expansion every 6 months just for your cash . SO far the Sims cost you $ 100.00 . I would n't pay that much for any game !! Why dont they just offer this as a free patch ??
 I have been a big fan of the sims and when I heard of another expansion well excited does n't cover it.So I max out a charge card and ordered it from one of greatest stores online , Amazon.com.In short the objects are outstanding but you have to tell your sims where to go and what to do the free will play is gone no more sitting back and watching.If your a control freak then this expansion is for you .
 I got the GBA from Toys ` r ` us and they gave this thing out for free . It is totally useless , because you wil eb the only ... walking around with it on your back . It 's pointless . The only good thing is that the zippeded case comes off , and this is how I use it .
 There is no point in this . It is a hugely bulky , and is supposed to fit on your shoulder . The only reason i have it is that it came with the Game Boy advance Deal Packs . It got me mad that the actual pack could only hold my system and a few games . I also bought the powerpak EX , but that would not fit into it . The pack is about 1/5 of the entire thing , and the rest of the item is horribley useless.I got another one , made by pelican accessories , right away , which was smaller but could hold about twice as much .
 If your looking for a case please DO NOT buy this one!I know it looks cute and everthing BUT DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT FITS ! 1 gameboy advance and about 4 GAMES!So if your looking for a case go check out the color case .
 this case is one of the worst cases i have ever got . it does hold your GBA -LRB- duuuuuuuh -RRB- and it can hold a few games but it cant hold really any items except maby a worm light but then you really cant hold any games.its the same thing as the zip around -LRB- it can come of the shoulder holster -RRB- except the zip around has a slitly bigger pocket for the GBA -LRB- which really doesnt make difference -RRB- . you should probably by the other GBA case that ... has , its cheaper and better .
 It 's a waste of money . The shoulder strap is n't very comfortable . It 's also kinda weird looking when you wear it . The zip-around case is much better . ... You can also hook the zip-around to your belt or something else . The zip-around is much better . I have the shoulder holster and i only use the case that comes off .
 In my opinion this case is AWFUL ! The case only holds 2 games at the most , and my GBA . It is really bad , and for 14 bucks ! I do n't think so . The place where you store your games and GBA in , and games , is onlt like 7 '' tall , and 4 '' wide . But If you are n't a big GBA fan with only a few games , no accesories really , and just need something to hold your things in , this proboly is for you .
 Sheesh . The market has the guts to actully sell this !!! It 's horrible . I could only put in 1 game , my advance , and a glow gaurd . I could n't put my battery pack in there . An a/c adapter is out of the question , and if you want put more than two games in there , they 've got to piggy-back with the game boy advance ! I would n't pay a cent for this ... Please . Do n't make a mistake and buy this .
 If you buy a game boy advance at toys r us you get this for free . Well no wonder its free it has a capacity of a dime ! You can only fit 1 gbc game and about 3 gba games -LRB- not including whats in the gba -RRB- All i can fit is 3 GBa games and a gbc game and just barely my wormlight . Meanwhile i have a ton and a half more Accessories to fit in which i cant ! The only way you can possibly enjoy this is if your not very serious about it and only have like 2 games and no accesories ! DONT BUY THIS IF YOUR AN XTREME GAMER SUCH AS MYSELF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I got this for free @ Toys R Us and it just stinks . The shoulder holster will never fit no matter how well you adjust it . The zip around is n't half as good as the single one which you can buy separately because thye material is very soft and does n't protect the GBA . The zipper always gets stuck . The single zip aroung which is cheaper is also better quality . Do n't waste your money on this . -LRB- Even though you probably got it for free . -RRB- Any carrying case is better . There 's no point taking the chance of ruining your brand new GBA TRUST ME !!! I have this piece of junk !!!
 I also got this free from Toysrus and I know this is n't worth $ 15 . maybe $ 5 . All it is one of those zip-around things attached to a strap . Their are one pockets on each side of the holder to hold games and accessories . You cant fit many accessories inside and maybe three games .
 I bought this along with my GBA the day it came out . This is the same thing as the zip around case , but with a shoulder strap . It holds about six games if they are packed neatly and a GBA . It does n't hold anything else . The zip around case is a waste of money , but paying five extra dollars for a shoulder strap is even more of a waste . I am almost six feet tall and it barely fits around me . Do n't get this if you are big or planning to buy more than six games .
 Do not spend any of your hard earned cash on this . Even though I got it for free , I find it barely useful . Problems , oh yeah . First , it does n't seem like it was actually designed for the GBA . Also , you are NEVER , repeat , NEVER going to wear this as a shoulder holster . The GBA fits inside sort of and I can almost fit a worm light in the case with the GBA . Almost ! You can put a couple of games in a little mesh pocket insde with the GBA but when you open the case , WHOOPS , the pocket does n't hold the games secure and they just fell out of the case . Hope you noticed . Tip for others , that game you lost , check under the seat in the car . I can not possibly convey what a disappointing product this case has been . It works only slightly better than the bubble wrap envelope that my GBA shipped in .
 The Video quality of this is very choppy and not very good quality at all . I played mine on the Nintendo DS and was disappointed . For the retail price of $ 19.95 I would save my money and buy the real DVD of this excellent movie .
 This game is an example of what not to do ! The graphics are poor ; the environments are almost as blocky & pixilated as Super Mario brothers . All of the natural foliage is totally devoid of detail . The A.I. is sub-par at best as the enemies react to shooting only part of the time . Hit detection is also poor , as one shot in the mid section can bring enemies down while other 's miss their mark completely . Weapon selection is severely limited as you can only pick from two primary weapons and either have a hand gun OR grenades . To offset the poor weapon selection , Ubisoft made all of the weapons fire at a full auto rate , even the M16 . The full auto weapons will really tick a lot of people off , especially the people who actually know what the real life counter parts are capable of and what they are not capable of . With all of the GREAT shooters out , game designer 's really need to make the games look and feel real to compete , and this one just does not have what it takes . The missions could have been great but , the poor environment detail and overall reality just can not be overlooked . I had this game on pre-order and wish that I had waited to purchase it until after all of the reviews came out . While people will compare it to SOCOM II , that simply is not fair to Ghost Recon . Ghost Recon is merely an idea or concept of what a great shooter should be . IF , Ubisoft plans to compete in the very tough market of shooter 's , they need to take a long , hard look at the other titles and take plenty of notes . OVERALL RATING
 It sure was a good thing that I 've rented this TURD of a game . The graphics are no where near as crisp or visually involving as the Socom series . The surrounding environment looks as if created by Commodor 64 computers . Your weapon selection stinks ! and worse off , the zoom lens for your weapon is almost comical . HOW ABOUT SOME BINOCULARS THEN ? The enemy characters are your typical poor , emaciated , South American neighbors , but who knew they were crackshots from 200 yards with an outdated , innacurate kholishnikov rifles ? AND I KID YOU NOT , in the beginning mission , Using my laughable weapon scope , I 've spotted an enemy across a farm field , from my perspective , walking or running and bliping across the screen as if this guy had to find the restroom really quickly or maybe he was wearing mercury 's winged footwear , because to run in real time from lets say from one end of a football field to the other in just a few strides is either pretty lame , unbelieveable , or Godtastic . In my opinion , `` LAME '' . all you quote on quote Video game warriors should dismiss this sorry excuse for combat entertainment .
 terrible graphics , PC version is much better , Socom is a better game . Not at all what I was expecting the game play is slugish and team members sometimes ignore you .
 GHOST RECON IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES , BUT THIS GAME AND GHOST RECON 2 ARE VERY POOR IMITATIONS . THIS GAME SHOULD GET ZERO STARS , BUT IT WILL NOT LET YOU GIVE ZERO . THERE ARE MANY MORE AND BETTER MILITARY GAMES OUT THERE . BUY THIS GAME AT YOUR OWN RISK .
 Man where do i start ... lets start with how choppy the graphics are you would think they would of improved new skins or new guns or a new engine its the same crap but just worse . and why the hell did they take out the blood ya thats right thiers no BLOOD ! you can shoot the guys on the ground dead right in thier face and it has no effect . the only good thing about this game is ummm ... the online play thats just about it but the servers can be a pain sometime . so if you have been playing the xbox version stick with that cause you will be dissapointed like i was ... but if you havnt played the xbox version i would defenetly reccomend this cause you wont see how bad the ps2 version is from the xbox .
 I never myself liked any Tom Clancy games just because of their controls and style . . i am very picky when it comes to the games I like , and I must say this game was not to my liking.First off , the single player is horrible , so simply do n't bother with that.Next off , the online mode is not very well done either , simply because there is not enough people online and the levels are too hugeNext , the graphics are horrible . I know graphics are n't everything , but these graphics are absolutely horrible.Finally , the one and only good thing ; the multi player . I found the split screen mode enjoyable to play with a friend because you actually have to make up strategies for this game ; you ca n't run and gun in this game without a strategy.All in all , this game is only good if you have a buddy next to you playing it with you .
 The worst gam I have ever played . You ca n't even see your gun and you die way to easy .
 I bought this for my grandson and all was great until the batteries ran out -- he had an adapter from a previous gameboy advance and I thought based on that , that they all came with a plug-in for an adapter -- wrong -- I would n't have bought it if I knew we had to keep supplying him with batteries . It 's an important piece of information that I wished was displayed with the description of the gameboy advance when I purchased it . Grandma Jane
 although the game 's cel shaded graphics and design is simular to the batman animated series , drakes does not exceed my expectations . . the game seems too rushed and the levels can become frustrating and unispired.majesco was on a roll with gunmetal and bloodrayne the 2 hit sleepers of 2002 . but drake is sorely lacking . for shooting action and better graphics/playability , choose gungrave instead.better luck next time guys
 this game is total waste of space and sould have been canned at first thought is for shure the worst game ever maderock over london rock on chicago
 im from the uk & this is gon na make you laugh.This game in pal sell 's for , get ready ... $ 50 used & are hard to come by & are in big demand me thinks ... . cos you can not find them for less
 I truly hope you 've come here before you decide to buy or even rent this ... thing . It is truly the bottom point in the history of the Xbox to date . That Microsoft even allowed this game to be released is somewhat disheartening . That human beings could create such a monstrosity is the thing that really makes me lose faith in humanity . The only use for this thing and I know it 's a cliche but ... the only use is to show up and coming video game designers how not to screw up every possible game play issue that can be involved in a game of this type . Please do not buy this game , please do not rent this game . If you do so , your soul will be tainted for all eternity . And to the mothers of the creators of this game ... shame on you .
 i have played games for a whle and this has to be -LRB- bt far -RRB- the worst . When you try to target the enemies your hands go inall sorts of directions and then your wondering why am i playing this hunk of junk ? if that does n't throw you off from playing it -LRB- i did for me -RRB- this will
 This is by far the worst game I 've ever played for literally any system . No wonder it got a 1.25 / 10 by Game Informer but here 's my review ... Graphics 1.5 / 10 : The cartoony graphics in this game are so laughably bad that I dug my Sega Genisis out of my attic just to see if this game was compatable with it . And unlike the cartoony graphics in the GTA series which suit the games theme perfectly , the cartoon style in Drake seems really unsuitable for the games theme.Sound 1/10 : Drake is filled with annoying ambients which never fits the situation of the game , and soundeffects are just downright bad . When you fire a machine gun it sounds like your firing a clogged up watergun.Challenge & Playability 3/10 : This game is not challenging at all . The stratagy tactics are pointless as well as useless . I took out ten guys just by literally banging the X-Box controler off my ass ... Quite the challenge huh ? The only good thing about playability is the fact that you can slow time down and use shot-dodge techniques , but even then the shot-dodge rips off games like `` Max Payne '' . Sorry about fantasizing on games I 'd rather be playing.Replay 1/10 : Believe me , you will immeadiatly take Drake out of your X-Box and burn the game after the first couple of checkpoints . I would rather try to hook up with my psycho ex then play this game again.Bottom Line
 I usually enjoy Majesco games . I like Bloodrayne and Advent Rising because they were both pretty cool games . But Majesco has a habit of releasing games a little too early , leaving them a bit undercooked around the edges . However , when it comes to Drake , this game feels like it was n't even put in an oven . This game is a terrible glitchy mess , that will make you want to throw your controller at the TV screen . This game is so bad it does n't even deserve to be in the bargain bin , instead it 's like you grabbed a game from Satan 's game library.WHAT THE GAME IS
 Two words can describe this garbage ... it sucks . . I wo n't even go to detail all I will say is not only is the gameplay glitched up and horrible to do especially how to controll drake , but the story is just plain stupid . Gamer no how does n't know what he 's talking aboutGameplay is just plain awfulMusic ... I 'm not even gon na go thereThe controls is just plain awfulI have to give it a 1 out of 5 ... Hell I wish I could give it -5 stars but I ca n'tWHAT EVER YOU DO DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!
 Sometimes I really wonder how anyone can give a game like this a good rating . I mean come on user , `` gamer-no-how '' , how can you say this game is better than halo ? Halo is one of the best games ever designed and this game just sucks . Re-evaluate your rating skills .
 not just cause of the lights or the colors but how frustrating and brain epileptic teasing it is , it sounds like a hazard , shooting mechanic works with drake are horrible with him just moving his arms in the air like an idiot instead of using them right , and on top of that the story might seem to have some development but its nothing good its just stupid compared to like i dunno billions of other games out there that have better stories than this game ? .
 The idea for this game first appealed but then when i started playing it everthing just fell apart . The camera angles and the gun control that drake has is just terrible . Once again the idea for this game was one that sadly did n't turn even half as good as i thought as thought it would be . One of the bigest disappointment ever !!!! Graphics = 3/10 Gameplay = 4/10 Control = 3/10 Story -LRB- didi mention that the story line is one one of the worst i 've ever witnessed ? -RRB- = 1/10 Overall = 2/10 1/5
 Do n't liten to `` gamer-no-how '' , listen to `` some gamer '' this game F ** % in ' sucks . `` gamer-no-how '' an idiot .
 I am a teacher who has used Teachers Toolbox for many years . When I bought my laptop , I needed to buy upgraded software . The software publishers claimed to have Teachers Toolbox 6.0 but it never seems to be available . I wound up buying Teacher ' Toolbox 4.0 from a seller who had the highest price but who claimed the discs were in perfect condition . The discs arrived - in perfect condition - but when they are put into the computer , the software on them is clearly 3.0 , not 4.0 . I can not use them in my computer , the seller tells me its a manufacturer mistake , so I 'm out $ 40 and I have useless discs .
 This game is cute . And it 's got some nifty challenges . And that 's about it . It goes on forever , but once you 've beaten the challenges , what 's the point ? The challenges take awhile , but only because the villagers take forever to get anything done . It 's a real time game so you get no instant gratification . Just set them to a task and go away . Check back the next day to see how they 're doing . It 's like an electronic ant farm . Except that they kind of do what you tell them . Sometimes .
 Rating this game as a 1 s being overly kind !! It 's actually a big fat `` 0 '' ! Save your money and do not buy this game !!!! I was thrilled at the game 's concept , but it falls extremely below expectations in delivering fun and interesting game play . Villagers move super sssssslllllloooooowwwwww !!! Even when you set game play to be 2X speed !! It takes villagers HOURS to complete tasks including earning `` tech '' points required to purchase advanced technologies -LRB- which require an outrageous number of points per new technology -RRB- . The rate at which villagers earn points compared to the cost of technologies is definite as out of proportion as the time required to complete tasks.There 's a new Virtual Villagers 2 that 's now out that I was hopeful would correct some of the shortcomings of the original , but , alas , it only got worse . Game play is still excruciatingly slow and new technologies require even MORE `` tech '' points to purchase . Version 3 is in the works now - we can only hope the game designers get it right on the third try , but for now - BUY SOMETHING ELSE THAT `` S FUN TO PLAY !!!
 I picked this game up on a whim -- it looked cute . It is sort of cute . It 's also just about the most boring game I 've ever played . The premise is that a group of villagers land on an island and you need to teach them to survive . The trouble is , there are only four things you can teach them to do
 This may be partly my fault , but I was lead on to believe that this game would work for my xbox 360 , which it does not .
 The first installment had such potential , yet it was worthless . Hopefully Titus has learned something in the last few years . This is TopGun , give it a story , polish the graphics , work on the physics -LRB- hitting afterburner does not instantly accelerate you from 300 knots to 1000 knots -RRB- , and if you 're going to put un-lockables in this one , make them un-lockable . -LRB- has anyone unlocked the Harrier from the first game without having to use the cheat code ? Thought not . -RRB-
 I found the numbers so small it gave me a headache trying to decipher them.This game would be good for eagles , though , since , if they were able to read , could do so from about 50 yards .
 My wife will swear that Sudoku is fun , but coming from a background of more epic stuff Mario and Zelda , you can understand why I do n't see her point . True enough , Sudoku has its fair share of supporters , but whether it warrants a video game on its own remains questionable . That , however , does n't stop the tons of Sudoku-related games on handheld consoles over the past few months . The likes of Go ! Sudoku and Dr. Sudoku have made their rounds on the PSP and GBA respectively , and even the immensely popular Brain Age has a section devoted entirely to the game itself . Sudoku Gridmaster , released as a budget title , is the latest kid on the block.As the core gameplay of Sudoku never changes , the things that separate Sudoku Gridmaster and other Sudoku video games are therefore purely cosmetic . You wo n't find any groundbreaking graphical presentation here , but at least the game tries to reduce the blandness by offering a small variety of backgrounds for the player to choose from . The soundtracks are also changeable , even though they tend to be rather distracting when the going gets tough . And trust me , the puzzles in Sudoku Gridmaster are tough . The game offers over 400 Sudoku puzzles spanning four difficulty levels , and the higher level ones may stump even the most seasoned player . If you go into the game expecting to breeze through the levels , be warned.The game allows two modes of input . The first is the direct writing method , which is popularized by Brain Age . In fact , this method of input is very similar to Brain Age 's . The player basically touches a square , and writes the answer on it . Unfortunately , the usual recognition issue does surface here though . For example , the game does n't quite recognise my `` 7 '' properly , and treats it as a `` 3 '' instead . This is why a second method of input is included , I guess . This approach allows the player to choose a square , and then choose a number to be keyed into it . This will suit players who have problems getting their handwriting to work on the touch screen , but it 's somehow less fluid as compared to just writing the numbers in.Regardless of which method you choose , you will play each puzzle with a timer . You 'll then be ranked according to how well you do . There 's also an option to save and exit a puzzle at anytime , allowing you to return later to have a go again from the saved point . This is perfect for a handheld , since you 'd expect plenty of on-the-run play.For all its efforts to make Sudoku more fun than your usual pen and paper game , Sudoku Gridmaster has a fundamental flaw . A player can easily cheat by stopping the game , sorting out the puzzle on the top screen , and then resuming and keying in the answers on the touch screen without sacrificing in-game time . Although this defeats the purpose altogether , the fact that a `` feature '' like this exists may just be tempting enough for players who simply want a high score for every puzzle.The sheer number of puzzles available in Sudoku Gridmaster will satisfy fans of the game . For others , however , the game may be less enjoyable . Backgrounds and soundtracks aside , Sudoku is basically just Sudoku . If solving Sudoku puzzles is all you wanted , stick to pen and paper instead .
 WORST OF ALL , THERE IS N'T EVEN ROOM TO PUT ALL THE `` PENCILMARK/HINTS . '' WHAT ARE THESE PEOPLE THINKING ? LAME , LAME , LAME . This game 's layout , logistics and overall execution are just plain poor . Not enough room for hints , too hard to see , too small display . I really enjoy the Brain Age version , and assumed that this would be a least somewhat similar . There are so many electronic sudoku versions available , that there 's no excuse for this one to have so much that is difficult and counter intuitive . Do n't waste your $ $ .
 The game of Sudoku is hard for someone starting out and this version is difficult to figure out at first . After a while you get the hang of it . However it does cause problem when you have a number in the wrong spot .
 same as the other 1 star reviews . if you have not used Brain Age you might think it is ok , if you have , forget it !
 This game pales in comparison with the Sudoku found in Brain Age . The only reason to play it on the DS instead of in a cheap paper book are the electronic features . But if the interface is awful , why bother?PROS : The only nice feature this offers over pen and paper Sudoku are 2 minimal improvements
 I agree with the other people who gave this one poor marks . The game does not make good use of the dual screens at all . And sudoku is all thisgame does.I was spoiled because the first sudoku game I bought for DS was BrainAge - please note that sudoku is only a part of the Brain Age software , sort of a `` bonus '' . Anyway , they designed it so you turn the DS 180 degrees and hold it like a book - the sudoku grid is nice and large , andfills most of one screen . The grid navigation and number entry system are very intuitive . The only issue is there are a set number of puzzles.I wish the designers of Brain Age would put out a dedicated sudoku game with the same interface , but one that generates new puzzles.I 'd stay away from Gridmaster . Another option is Sudoku Mania , which is better and less expensive .
 I started Sudoku on the Brain Age Game . I find the Gridmaster to have a poor and incomplete interface -LRB- 4 temporaries only -RRB- and tiny font . Why it did n't follow the Brain Age system is beyond me . Under no circumstance can I recommend this game . Buy Brain Age and wait for a better Sudoku Game . Earl
 I bought this game after falling in love with Sudoku through Brain Age . However , after playing a few of the maps , dealing with the annoying music and cumbersome interface , I gave up.If you have n't played Brain Age Sudoku , then maybe you wo n't have the same problems I did . If you have played Brain Age and are looking for more Sudoku , do n't buy this game . Go buy a book or play on a website . This game will just frustrate you.The system for adding in numbers has way too many steps to it . You have to tap a number pad to add in a number , instead of just writing the number into the pad . If you use the `` helper '' numbers , you have to select which of the four sections of a box you want to add the helper number to , then tap the number pad you want to add and then tap the full box button to get back to adding in the actual number . It 's too cumbersome of a system .
 This game was fun for the first few hours , but the lack of variety makes it boring . It 's also too much management . . you have to keep the station running while socializing the characters . You also have to play the same characters over and over and ca n't create your own characters . There is n't much variety with what you can put in the space station either . . overall , I regret buying this game . . to me at least , it was a waste of money .
 This game gets annoying fast.It has so much potential . Problem is , it 's way too much micro managing . Not only are you trying to keepall your resources coming in , you are trying to get all of you crew to like each other . I lasted a week on this game . I thoughtthe building of the space port was cool . Personally i thought this was going to be like Sim City . It ' not . It 's veryannoying . The sound effects alone get on your nerves real quick.I had a big port , and lots of nice equipment and hotel . This gave me so much money I could train all my peopleto be super efficient , and create lots of fast robots to work . I STILL did n't have enough time to get my people to like one another.Rent this game . If you last more then a few days , buy it . If you DO buy it , save the receipt .
 This game is great if you like being bored . I paid ten dollars for it and feel ripped off .
 Anyone who would want to play this game is stupid . All it does is swear . THE SIMS IS SO MUCH BETTER !
 DO N'T BUY THIS GAME !! It looks like it came off the PS1 . The controls are not good and the camera is awful . Check out the X-play review .
 I was so mad when i played this game ... i was hoping it would get better ... but no ... the controls are like driving a broken lawn mower . The invisible walls are really annoying . Atleast in Armored Core you can go alittle past without leaving the mission , but this is just stupid . If i had to put a price on this game . . hmm they would have to pay me to play it . . it is that horrible , that disgraceful . The people who made it obviously have no ability to understand what would be fun in a mech game -LRB- derranged howler monkeys for techs ? -RRB- . I got so bored and annoyed with this game i put it in the microwave , you can guess what happened then . Do not buy this game if you have an IQ of greater than 12 or it takes something more than `` ooh shiney '' to entertain you . Armored Core on the regular old playstation -LRB- one -RRB- is more entertaining than this , it does not even use the graphics of the PS3 well . Gundam has a wonderful story but this game does not even try to do it justice , this game should be forever stricken from the records . If you want a good mech game ... get armored core ... let this one rot in * censored * . DO NOT even rent it , you will just be thinking wow ... i could have got a pepsi/coke for the money i wasted on this . The only reason i gave it one star in each category is because zero was not a option .
 I would say this game is not worth the time of writing this review . If you like Mech game 's then there are better Mech game 's out there . I played this game for about 30 minute 's and that 's all I could take from this piece of crap . SAVE YOU 'RE MONEY !!!! Graphic 's are like a 32bit . Reminds me of playing on my ORIGINAL NINTENDO . It 's like they graves an old game and put it on a PS3 game disk . Not worth more then $ 1.95 and that being generous .
 We are generally great fans of mech games , and have played many of them . We were psyched when Gundam came out for the PS3 - and very disappointed when we played it.If you have n't watched the animated series or played other Gundam games , you are engaged in a great war involving a set of mechanised large robots fighting another set of almost identical large robots . They can stomp on tanks , kick over buildings and engage in hand to hand energy-sword combat . Think of gigantic samurai warriors who enjoy both blade and gun.The two sides here are the Federation forces , protecting Earth against the Zeon - an Earth colony who has come back to Earth to take over . All of the fighting takes place in various locations on Earth , which by now has had half of its population wiped out by this fighting.Don ' t worry too much about plotline here , though . Really what happens is you are dropped into a landscape and told to blow up every enemy unit you find . While most games give you training and guidance at the beginning , this game tosses you into the fray , without even a hint of what to do or how to do it . Expect to get a few sad deaths before you get the hang of things . Of course that 's assuming you start out on the standard difficulty level - there are five difficulties here , including a ` very easy ' suitable for 5 year olds.Speaking of five year olds , the graphics really needed much more work to be up to PS3 standards . The mechs themselves are OK , with a fair amount of detail , shadowed edges , reflective surfaces little details of logo and lettering and battle scarring . There is a realistic feel to how they move.On the other hand , the world you tromp around in is PS2 level in quality , if not a little worse . I 've definitely seen better water animation in many PS2 games , as well as tree and landscapes.Gameplay ranges from frustrating to laughable . You get stuck on invisible walls . When you slash at enemies , you go into the `` black knight '' of the Monty Python Holy Grail movie , where limbs fall off and the robot hobbles after you without any arms . You do get to upgrade as you progress , earning more options . You can customize your suits in your hangar - but the interface is very clunky and looks almost PS1 in style.They do have some nice features that show some thought - if you fire off a rocket style weapon , a cloud of smoke envelops you and you have to wait a few seconds -LRB- or move out of it -RRB- before you can see well again.I have to comment on sound because first , the voice actors in combat are very silly . Second , the soundtrack is almost * exactly * a rip-off from the Gladiator soundtrack . I own and love the Gladiator soundtrack and it 's amazing how many sections are pretty much exactly the same . I 'm surprised there is n't a copyright suit being launched here.In addition , we had problems with stuttering sound , to the point that we had to reboot our PS3 and try again . Luckily , it went away once we did that.In general , this was just not a fun game for us to play , which was a real disappointment . Maybe a future release for the PS3 will have the time spent to fix many of these issues and draw us into playing it repeatedly , like we play our other mech games .
 You would expect a PS3 game to have amazing graphics , game play and be just plain fun . This is NOT that kind of game.The good news . * There is a Gundam game for the PS3 and the Gundam suits look pretty good . * The opening cutscene looks amazing.The Bad news * The opening cutscene looks nothing like the actual game . If all you care about is graphics , this is not the game for you . You would expect this game to be on the ps1 or even the Sega Saturn , but not the most powerful next gen system . The battle areas are bland , with no detail past the muddy looking ground and poorly animated trees . There are glitches everywhere in the game such as water going through trees and when your Mech tries to cross a bridge and falls in , the water just sits there . The other thing about the graphics is that the frame rate is clunky , it 's as if you 're constantly blinking and do n't see every fluid movement . Only you 're not blinking , you 're seeing the actual game . * The missions are straight forward and take no skill whatsoever considering the lock on system is more than accurate because you do n't even need to face your enemy completely to hit them . * The controls are mushy and do n't respond well . * It 's tedious to make your Mechs and maintain them . When damage is done to them , YOU MUST repair them because you ca n't continue the game otherwise.It 's bad enough this game had to be released for the PS3 . The very idea that people will buy this at launch makes me very very sad . This is not worth paying for a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- system and you should let this game collect dust on the shelf of your local game retailer .
 I like battling giant robots , and in this respect the game is pretty good , but the graphics are really a huge letdown . As another reviewer said , it looks like it came out of a PS1 , and that 's true , textures are murky , robot models are angular and low on detail ... As one of the console 's launch titles , it must be kept far far away from any demonstration booths ...
 You have not played trash until you play this . This is TRASH AT IT 'S BEST ! I kid you not , this could 've passed for a PS1 game due to the terrible , sorry graphics . Controls sucked , and the camera angles are a joke . I 'm still amazed how bad everything was , especially the graphics . I had to look at the disc to make sure I was playing a PS3 game and not a PS1 game . It does n't even look like a PS2 game at least . That 's sad . It 's almost like someone copied and pasted a PS1 game to a PS3 disc . The backgrounds are also ridiculous . The water does n't even move when you touch it . As for all the other reviewers on here who say this game is okay , maybe they got a different copy from the one I purchased . There 's no way in Hell we could 've been playing the same game . This game should not be on sell anymore . They just need to give this away the minute you walk into the store . Save your money and buy a box of cereal with it , cause that will be money well spent than on this crap .
 This game was whack , I like the gundam series but this was total utter disappointment . The price of 54 dollars for this game right now is outrageous . You could suck it up and buy the Gundam Senki game which looks like a full version of what this game was supposed to be for 70 dollars . Yes its in japanese but at least you will have 10x the fun playing it .
 I bought this game as a gift for a friend who owns a PS3 . We both like sci-fi and giant robots so I figured this would be fun for both of us to play . The back of the game said it is a one or two person game which I foolishly assumed meant that there would be a cooperative mode . There IS NOT ! You can play one player campaign mode or two player head to head.First , the instructions are pathetically incomplete . We 're seasoned gamers but we spent a long time trying to figure out the optimal use of the controls . One particularly bad bit of gameplay is the fact that you can not move when you use your shield to guard.Second , the graphics are terrible -LRB- incredibly blocky -RRB- as others have mentioned . This looks like it could have been a PS1 game and that was with the HD graphics on a 60 inch 1080i HD television!Third , the head to head gameplay starts you off like an old west shootout with both robots facing directly towards each other a very short distance apart . There was no time to use strategy , just start firing away . On a side note , the beam gun seems to unbalance the game.We played for a couple of hours before getting thoroughly bored and we went back to playing some PS2 games . Please do n't waste your money like I did .
 Put it this way , if Amazon had the option for zero stars , this game would get it . Graphics are sub-par , gameplay is just plain bad . I rented this from Blockbuster , played it for a few hours , then returned it that night . Of the all of the titles released or due for release for the PS3 , this one gets my vote for being the worst . You 'd think the developers at Namco would 've realized this before they released it . Do n't waste your time or money .
 As a buddy of mine said after I told him I purchased this game , `` Of course you did ! '' I 've enjoyed quite a few of these games and I was thrilled at a different developers take on the game on the PS3 . So where to begin ? The camera is jumpy as all hell , the lock on system is a joke , the difficulty is borderline impossible unless you start off on very easy and work your way up -LRB- and even that can be frustrating at times -RRB- , the frame rate is complete garbage , and the sound actually crackles -LRB- not my speakers but the sound design itself -RRB- . To elaborate , the camera follow is like many games a pain in the ass . Since your direction is determined by the camera view , you can veer off while attempting to look left or right while you are walking or boosting across a level at an enemy . This of course is a huge hindrance while attempting to make very tight and specific maneuvers to avoid taking hits or just to reach an objective.Along with the camera system -LRB- or arguably lack thereof -RRB- , the lock on system is reliant on the camera . If your target is on your radar but is n't within line of sight , there is no way you can get a lock . Ever worse , if the enemy leaves your line of sight/frame you lose your lock . This will cause some major frustrations while enemies use you for target practice while you attempt to find the guy you were wailing on earlier.The difficulty of the game is one of the most bizarre things . I attempted this game on normal and could n't even move on past the training mission . I swallowed my pride and played through and upgraded the mechs and continued on from difficulty to difficulty till the game was just absurdly easy.Aside from those key factors , this game really is n't terrible . It gives the player decent control over the mechs like sniping key spots of your enemies and actively blocking incoming attacks with your shield . Damage is also specific to areas of your machine as well so that you can disarm them to the point that they are a torso and a lame leg . This is almost like mechwarrior at times but without the innovation . The replay value gets up there since you get more powerful mechs of increasingly various designs.So the fun factor of this game is pretty up there especially for MS Gundam fans , however , as an objective gamer , this a borderline coaster in the making .
 This game could have been so much better , the graphics were okay , but did n't really push the capabilities of the PS3 . There is no Co-Op or online play , the missions are repetitive and the AI is practically non-existent . I bought this game a while back and never really wrote a review on it , at the time the game seemed cool because i am a super anime/gundam fan and relish at the chance to climb in the cockpit of a '' '' '' ' -LRB- mobile suite -RRB- and since i live in japan where they actually have gundam arcade sims that are super detail intensive , i thought hey ? maybe they brought the `` Gundam Flight '' home ... wrong . After playing some of the current releases on the PS3 this game compares to that of an PS2 game , and the only cool thing about the game is that you get to look at gundams but the story has no depth and like i said before the missions are repetitive . The `` one year '' war has such a great story and PSN is so awesome this game could have been a PS3 classic if they actually put some effort into it.However like all other anime games with the exception of the Naruto
 Just to clarify I really like Journey to Jaburo on the Playstation 2 . And by the looks of this game I thought that Gundam Crossfire was a HD version , but boy was I wrong.I really like how the game utilizes dozens of mobile suit models , everything from the ubiquitous Zaku II to Norris Packards Gouf Custom . Everything is here , GM 's , Doms , Hygoggs , Zoks , if you can think of a mobile suit that made an appearance during the UC period it 's pretty much included.But unfortunately game play design decisions basically ruined this game . My biggest complaint is that your weapon arm can be shot off very easily , on more than one occasion I found my mobile suit literally shin kicking its way through a level because I had lost the weapon arm within the first 30 seconds of a level.Even if you 're a diehard Gundam fan you 'll be -LRB- shin -RRB- kicking yourself for buying this one .
 I bought the game on sale figuring it would be hard to go wrong for the price I was wrong about that . In the game you pilot a Mech much like the Mech Warrior franchise but the controls are extremely annoying and difficult to get used to . The layout of the controls is n't very intuitive at all and even after you struggle to adapt to it the game itself is still pretty blah . Dynasty Warriors
 I have never seen a gundam game as bad as this one . I would have given it no stars if I could . It has the graphics of a PS2 game . I would not recommend this game to anyone .
 This so-called `` global thermonuclear warfare '' simulator is an arcade game that is unrealistic and boring to play . The zero-sum game , mutually-assured-destruction , nuclear-deterrent aspect of nuclear doctrine is completely absent and missing in this game . Submarine SLBM ranges are all wrong . If you ever watched The Hunt for Red October or Crimson Tide and thought you could do a reenactment of that in this game , forget about it ! It is a 2D map instead of a 3D globe , and the missile trajectories are all wrong and do n't fly shortest path . Africa gets the same amount of nukes as North America . Yeah right . When the silos in Defcon game are in air defense mode they become more powerful than any Star Wars SDI / BMD / NMD ever could hope to be ! This game boils down to extreme micromanagement and using inane tactics , tricks , loopholes and quirks that seasoned players discovered in order to win ... . and is more like `` how do I pull of this sequence of mouse gestures to get this maneuver to work '' than actual simulating nuclear warfare . A lot of tactics that work in the game to score you higher points are simply artifacts , shortcuts , and cheap parlor tricks that emerged from the inherent structural limitations of the game design itself and has nothing to do with any element of nuclear warfare that the game was actually intending to simulate - thus defeating the whole point and purpose of playing this in the first place . Chris from Introversion even bragged about coding this whole game -LRB- the working prototype -RRB- in less than a day ... well you get what you pay for .
 GREETINGS PROFESSOR FALKENA STRANGE GAME.THE ONLY WINNING MOVE IS NOT TO PLAY.HOW ABOUT A NICE GAME OF CHESS ?
 Look elsewhere . The game is just terrible . I 'll save you the effort of playing - the computer wins every time .
 The box shows incredible explosions that have nothing to do with the game . The air traffic controller type interface is correct HOWEVER the producers conveniently forget to mention this is an ONLINE GAME ONLY - no internet , NO GAME . While you can play against the computer -LRB- opponents -RRB- it must be done online.ITs quick to learn but crucial planning data is not available ... speed of ships , aircraft , defensive and attack factors . While aircraft change their angles as they fly , the ships always face the same angle as they move . It also seems to be an art to separate a vessel from the fleet.For an online game its nicely conceived but given the marketing deception you will find it properly priced at the $ 5 range . I still play it but its light years from a much older StarCraft .
 The game is very basic , I was bored almost immediately . The tutorial is pretty good and the software works well with XP -LRB- the reason I did n't give the game one star -RRB- . I 'd give a more extensive review but there is n't much content to review . The multiplayer portion of the game worked well though but was equally zzzzzzzzzzz ...
 1st off
 I 've been playing RPG 's since I was 6 and I loved Chrono Trigger but lately RPG 's have been a little stale . Chrono Cross is no exception.The graphics are great , the world is big , but the game lacks what so many RPG 's over the last 5 years lack and thats solid depth . The story line is your typical cookie cutter , wan na be dramatic , that you have come to expect from square.The music , though the quality is better than games on the old SNES , is not interesting and kind of bland ... it will drive you nuts after 60 hours of gameplay . Personally if they ca n't create any enjoyable music for these 100 hour RPG 's than they should just recycle the tunes from the old games.Character devolpment is horrible , I wish they would bring in a playwrite or psychologist or something to give these bland characters a figment of humanity . Humour could also use a plus in these games , if a game makes me luagh more than 5 times it 's gold as far as I 'm concerned.The concept behind the game is excellent , parallel worlds or time periods -LRB- depending on which chrono game -RRB- . Thats great and worked great in the first game , but did square have to change it ? Why fix something so stable if it aint broke?Probably the one thing I enjoyed the most about this game , considering most RPGs run about 70 hours on average nowadays , is that you do n't have to fight every enemy like in the first game . But since it is on the playstation this time around there is an annoying load time for battles , which can get tideous after the gizzilionth time.Lots of shallow side quests and boring mini games -LRB- why ca n't square add a solitare program to there mini game stuff , I 'd enjoy that -RRB- When it comes down to it , the technology has advanced so grphics and size and length of the games have increased 3 fold . But it seems to have come at the cost of storyline , realistic character development , complex enviroments , and good music . Basically Chrono Cross was as big a disappointment as most RPGs I 've played over recent years with only a minor few exceptions.I think I 'll just stick to strategy games until the vid game industry gets their acts together .
 This game had decent graphics and sound . It had an okay battle system . So it would be a decent game if it actually had a PLOT . What story there was in this game was incredibly hard to follow partially due to the fact that there were about a zillion playable charcters none of whom had personalities . This is one of the most boring RPG 's that I have ever played !
 I do n't care what everyone says , this is just no fun . If you 've played recent games , you 'll notice that a majority of them have mixed genres , like Koudelka . Some are good , some are bad , this is bad . The battle system is very strange , in fact , in the beginning , I knew something was n't right . This elimanates A LOT of RPG elements , even exp points , that 's not right ! What surprises me is that there are visible enemies in areas , and absoloutly zip on the world map . It really is n't hard to dodge enemies , unless you 're in a corner , which will bring that challenge down . Though some people say the element system is just a copy of Wild ARMS 2 , but it 's more complicated than that , in fact , I have trouble understanding it , so I just press and hope for the best . The graphics are marvelous , but unfortunatley , the FMVs do n't look too much different than past square games . The music , while not what people say it was , is above average . That 's pretty much all this game has going for it . Hopefully , FF9 will steal the spotlight in my world more than this did in the fall . If you 're a fan of chrono trigger , you might want to give it a try , but I doubt you 'll get much enjoyment out of it .
 ... Being a fan of the legendary Chrono Trigger , I was enthralled by the coming of this game . `` Chrono Cross '' is actually not a true sequel -LRB- as said by the creators -RRB- , but originally a game called `` Radical Dreamers . '' Anywho , this game DID NOT live up to my expectations at all . Read on to see why.THE GOODFirst of all , the graphics are actually quite colorful . The backgrounds are well colored and animated . The battle graphics also flow quite well . Even if some of the characters are not all that great , they are nicely created . However , these are the only good points I can say about the game.THE BADAbout the characters
 I love this game and think it is one of the greatest games of all time . That is why I recently purchased it from Amazon -LRB- or Hitgaming , but through Amazon -RRB- . The game is great , but there is just one problem
 This game falls short when it comes as a sequel to the illustrious Chrono Trigger . The weaknesses/strengths with this sequel are as follows : Story & Characters
 Well heres my opinion on this game , i personally didnt think it was all that great . NO exp NO leveling up NO Magic Points -LRB- MP -RRB- WORSE story than the origanal . Sorry im getting ahead of myself . this is what happened i went to the video store and saw that they had chrono cross in i was so excited ! i thought this game would be better than the origanal Chrono Trigger was but i was highly dissapointed . the story is EXTREAMLY slow and dull . and im not a novice RPG player so i know a bad story when i see one and THIS was a bbbbbaaaaaadddddd story . I really dont see why they had to dump Chrono and all the other charactors for the new 40 + Charactors ! why the heck do we need 40 characters when you can only use 3 at a time ? anyway thats my opinion . if you really wan na see how much this game stinks buy chrono Trigger or one of the classic Final Fantasys that game is the best RPG ever made !
 I was disappointed in this game . I was so hoping that it would in fact be similar to the first Chrono . In my opinion the first one is better
 The trouble with this game is that it is an instant turd . From the opening montage we are treated to a gang of tutti-frutti characters that look like rejects from a Mardi Gras troupe . These bit players are given inane , stereotypical accents and names to match . The prime offender is Kid who talks with a crude Aussie twang . Others prate on in mock-Tudor , Martian , and French . None of it is endearing . But these are just hints at the wonderments that will grace anyone who plays the whole thing through.What stops the game dead in its tracks , and I do mean dead -- right from the get-go -- are awkward battle scenes worthy of a 1990 's screen saver . With a screechy violin and simple drum beat , the group is whirled onto a separate battle area where they attack the enemy seemingly at random and haphazardly throwing out elemental attacks . Most RPG 's work on simple oppositions
 I was told by many people that Chrono Trigger was one of the best games ever created , so I decided to try out the sequel . This is easily the worst video game that I have ever played . First , let me start off with saying that the graphics are outstanding . The in-game graphics features incredibly realistic character movements , and to date are the best that I have ever encountered . The towns and other areas are beautiful and realistic , wonderfully done . Also , the cutscenes are of a unique style , significant , and well pulled-off . -LRB- though I saw more of Serge than I ever wanted to -RRB- . However , it all ends there . The cutscenes are very few and far between , the game being agonizingly short . Apparently there are two cutscenes in the beginning sequence of the game -LRB- which , by the way , is the best beginning sequence I 've ever seen -RRB- which were never showed in the game . The game starts out quite well , and for the first 5 hours or so of gameplay , maybe pushing 7 or 8 , the game is quite enjoyable . It 's all downhill from there . By far there are too many characters , and so even Kid and Serge are not fully developed . The only character that is round and intriguing is Harle . Every one of the 40 + characters indeeds has a motive and personality , but they are all so rarely present that it is a challenge to care at all about any of them , even by the end of the game . As for the `` multiple endings '' theory , if you do n't want to know -LRB- i 'm not going to spoil the actual ending -RRB- , stop reading here . The original ending has perhaps a 1 minute cutscene followed by a 30 second one , and has the credits . -LRB- by the way , the song that plays during the credits is quite nice -RRB- . Any other ending often has most of the people acting out of character , and depends in no way upon how you play the game . The choices you make in this game in no way affect the outcome , as you may be led to believe . To get any other endings at all , you must in fact replay the entire game once more . I have played the following video games
 Chrono Cross ssshhhuuuccckkkss . I played Chrono trigger after chrono cross and it is still the worst game I have ever played . I mean the grafics were n't that good and the story line was totaly messed up . the only good thing that was on the game was the music . the ending was comepletely not with the story line it did n't even match the game . it had nothing to do with the game . I mean it had more to do with the frist game then it did with the second game . I have been playing RPG games a long time and can tell if the game is five stars or one star and this game is a big ONE STAR .
 As a huge fan of Chrono Trigger -LRB- best RPG of all time -RRB- and a long time fan of RPGs in general , I was eagerly awaiting this title . All of the reviews gave it the best scores . But when I finally picked it up , I was perplexed . I seriously had to wonder if Square was bribing the reviewers.The game is simple . The story is easily forgettable . The game is easy and the action is boring . With a ridiculous number of playable characters , you are n't given any motivation to really care about any of them . The only reason to get the characters is for a Pokemon-type collector 's fix.I do n't write reviews often , but this game is so overrated that I felt compelled to speakout . On the other hand , I guess if 95 % of people loved it , chances are you will too . I just reserve the right to say `` I told you so . ''
 Chrono Cross starts off much like its predecessor , with the protagonist Serge living a carefree life in his home village . However , adventure comes his way , and Serge is whisked off into a tale of adventure . The game takes a while to pick up , but when it does , you will be engrossed in it . The music is brilliantly coordinated with the story of the game , and the presentation assures this as a worthy sequel to Chrono Trigger.There is one problem ... The game freezes!The disc freezes during a cutscene towards the end of disc 1 . Apparently , it 's a widespread problem with Greatest Hits copies of Chrono Cross . This does n't come up until well past 30 hours in the game , so it is hard to test for it . Keep this in mind when buying Chrono Cross .
 I do n't know what basement the people writing the positive reviews about this game come from , but in my perspective it was not worth the $ 10 dollars I payed to buy it off Playstation Network.Storyline
 I just wanted to put a review up here for all of you collectors to see . These ARE NOT factory sealed games . Not even the original release that 's pictured - they 're the `` Greatest Hits '' version . . They 're repackaged . Collectible value destroyed . Fair price for the game . I 'm sure they play ok - they 're in good shape . But Do n't do like I did and buy a whole stack of them thinking it 's a listing by someone who has no idea what they have.Just buy these to play . Not to collect .
 Chrono Cross is the type of game you go in wanting to like , but the more you play it , the more you find yourself thinking it 's good -LRB- all those positive reviews surely aide this delusion -RRB- instead of actually believing that . And finally , if somehow you make it to the very end , you wonder what in the heck you just experienced . But an evil little bug inside lets you know that whatever it was you played through , it was a verrry prolonged waste of time.We begin well , with a delightful presentation of cool looking characters and an organic environment , but the trouble sets in probably with the battles . Like all RPGs , there are too many of them -LRB- how can anyone bear these time-eating bores , title after title ? -RRB- and like most RPGs the battle system is redundant and more than a little absurd . Chrono Trigger at least narrowed things down to a nearly accessible level , but here the battling is a guaranteed bore , with opposing color elements that alienates the character from the fighting.So the battling is bad , granted , so what about the characters ? Their presentation is good enough to fool us they have any color until of course we read their dialogue long enough and realize each one is a hack-job . This dialogue has to be read to be believed , especially that from a veritable blunder named Korcha , who the writers feel was appropriately fleshed out after they appended the letters ` CHA ' -LRB- ex . Dont ` CHA , joinedCHA -RRB- to the end of a given word in every other of his sentences . It continues like that , with small , inconsequential traits -LRB- even if it 's only say an Aussie or a French accent -RRB- completely coating a character . MANY capital letters are used in dialogue , as this in their writers ' mind will I suppose paint a character with passion . All in all , the dialogue honestly sounds as though the writer wrote a huge scenario for the game that was abruptly lost to him , so he started from scratch , compromising his characters for the deadline.The story commits the opposite sin , over-complicating , stretching , and hopping around so much that before long we just wish we could start over and hear something more sane , and maybe an iota more concise . The story does n't even seem to exist on the same plane as this game 's terrain , as playing the game and learning more about the game 's story seem disconnected in quality and range . We like to explore this world , take in its beautiful sights and sounds , wander outdoor lands always alive and fresh with movement . The story on the other hand is fixed and technical , more remote than any story I can think of . I would just love to ask the boneheads at IGN and others who appreciated this game so much to describe in-so-many-words , just what the heck this plot is about . And even if they could do it , which great Wikipedia ca n't , it would n't remove the overwhelming remoteness anyone must feel to it as they play . Words need a source , and the plot-relevent words of this game seem to emanate from a trench deep in the sea , or possibly nowhere at all.So there 's nothing to identify with , head to toe . Back to those locations then . I praised their presentation , their music and their color content , but how good can a place be without a good purpose ? The only lingering location in this whole game for me -LRB- which is sad since there are so many from the first game I still nod with affection toward -RRB- is the Dead Sea , only accessed after a lot of heavy lifting and useless task-traveling . But this place is actually interesting , a forecast of doom suspended in motion and time , inhabited only by ghosts and machines , a fantastical mess of busted highways , ruined technology still gorgeous in an icy demise . Above it all the looming , spectral shopping mall . Just enough is shown of it to get us intrigued ... and that 's of course when it 's destroyed by a great dragon.The idea of having these six Elemental dragons in the game is a buffoonery I ca n't believe anyone would let pass . Why waste the time with six , when you can put one all powerful dragon in the game , and try to actually do something interesting with it ? Why dragons at all , if only for a showy FMV or so , baffling us some more with truly odd fights and impenetrable intrigues ? Why , oh why?In the end , this is a game correctly displayed by its front cover
 I 'm not sure which came out first , but after seeing all the good reviews for this , and the fact that I liked FF7 , This looked like a good buy . Ok , it has a decent combat system . Ok , it has good graphics . This plot makes no sence ! After the begining , I have no idea why the characters are doing what they are , execpt that they are forcing the game to go a certian way .
 this game looks good , and the story is great but the game does not deliver the goods . The problem I have most with the game is serge the main character never talks , that is just plain lazyness you just get the feeling that serge is just lifeless and is not intristing at all . Since the game has so many characters in it , it seems that most of the other characters as lifeless as serge and have no pointe in ever bieng introduced to the plot.I feel thair is a limit to the number of characters in a game that will still make the game intristing . And I am sorry Game Informer , but this game does not restore my faith in the modern RPG -LRB- you have to read thair great magazine to know what I am talking about -RRB- Square could do better , I have seen it done .
 I played Chrono Trigger before this game , and what a great game that was , one of the best ever . Then I went out and got this game and could n't believe how bad it was . For one thing , there are a ton of characters , which only Serge and two others can battle at once . The battles are absolute torture . I hate the sysytem of percentage points for each type of hit . Even if your over 90 % you miss half the time . The only game that I have ever played that successfully pulled that type of battle system off was Xenogears . The element system is a waste because you can only use a specific one once per battle , and they last a long time . They do n't do a very good job of character development -LRB- except fo the main chracters -RRB- . The story is just as boring as the gameplay . The only redeeming thing about this game is the graphics . Save your money for something that you can actually enjoy .
 To begin , the story line is one of the most boring ones I have ever seen . 20 minutes into the game I was punching myself inorder to stay awake . You get to the world map 20 minutes into the game , which is pretty bad . The battle system in TERRBILE . THE ONLY WAY TO ACTUALLY GET THIS BATTLE SYSTEM IS TO READ WAT TAHT OLD GUY HAS TO SAY . HIS LECTURE IS ATLEAST 3 PAGES IF IT WAS PRINTED OUT . After geting about 1/3 of what he had to say , I really didnt feel like reading what every one of the 50,000 boring characters in this game had to say . Im ashamed that Squre made this game . -LRB- ff9 is the best -RRB- The ending has nothing to do with the boring storyline . Also , I see no similarities if I was to compare this to Chrono Trigger.If u have trouble sleeping , get this . Its a guarenteed way to make you fall asleep in 10 minutes or less .
 Chrono Trigger was a great game . I was disapointed when played its so called sequal . The battle system -LSB- ... -RSB- , they took away part of the game that makes it a great rpg like items magic techs and much much more to a boring turn based battle of the same thing . You wont like this game unless your under the age of five , even then you 'll think the story was writting for someone even younger than that . SquareSoft needs to make another sequal having Crono -LRB- from the orignal , and the greatest charecter of all time -RRB- wakes up from a horrible night mare and be like `` heh like that ever gon na happen . '' I would give this a 0 or negeative stars if I could and is not even worth 5 dollars in my oppion but that is mine you have your own to make , I strongly sugest you dont purchase this game
 Okay . When i first bought that sorry-excuse for a game , i was sooooo hyped up . I was thinking , SQUARESOFT HAS DONE IT AGAIN !! I put the game into my PS and start playing to soon discover ... theres no EXP . Then more bad stuff comes my way ... I find out you dont level up . AT ALL . Their idea of leveling up is fighting a billin battles and then having your HP go up 1 or something . THEN , you have this ... battle and magic system . Words can hardly describe how bad it was . The story was ... I have a friend who actually stuck it out and played through the whole game -LRB- boy do i feel sorry for him -RRB- and the ending ... HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE GAME.on a positive note , it had good music . thats the only reason you should buy this game ... no , wait , just buy the soundtrack.and oh yeah ... . THEY ... OFF CRONO.dont play this game . its poison to your mind . No where near as good as FF7 or FF8 or FF9 .
 Please promise me you will never play this . It is not worth your time . If you paid money for it , try to find the person you gave that money to and kick them in the shin . Hard . Then throw your copy of this game in the dumpster.Seriously though , this game is absolutely terrible . The graphics are bad even for the PSX , the combat quickly becomes boring as all hell , the story line was confused and the fact that there was a second dimension pointless . There was no reason for there being 40 something characters , most of them were exactly the same statwise , and all of them were poorly designed . The most annoying thing in the world , bar nothing , is having to re-equip all your character 's spells whenever you switch characters . You have like 50 spell slots . God . I do n't think I even need to say it , but those crumbums at Square could n't pull another hit out of their oversized victorian tophats if they wanted too . They should really stick with straight to video Final Fantasy 7 anime movies from now on , lest they risk making something like this again .
 I played through this game in Japanese , and when i tried to play it in english , I was horrified at how much it had been `` dumbed down '' for the American public . The Japanese version did away with a lot of the cliche RPG townspeople -LRB- even through there still was a guy standing at the entrance to tell you what town it was in some towns =] -RRB- who blatantly and outrightly tell you what the next piece of the storyline is , so it felt a little bit like a detective scenario , and solving a puzzle made you all warm inside . The english version , however , is really laid out for the player , and there is very little in the way of difficulty -LRB- except perhaps finding hidden items -RRB- in this game . I do admit there are a few neat puzzles which the translators could n't ruin -LRB- like catching the tokage early on -RRB- . I would tolerate it if the battle system made things tough on the player . . but it does n't . So pretty much , the english version of Chrono Cross is a graphic novel where you follow the directions to turn the page . If many hours of mind-numbing simon says to see cutscenes is what you want , get Chrono Cross in english . If you want a game , get the japanese version .
 Sadly , this was a very poor RPG from Square . Usually I am satisfied with their products , but not this ... Basically , this game trys to pass itself off as the `` sequel '' to the greatness that is Chrono Trigger . In reality , it retains none of the fresh , fun feel of the original game and instead takes itself much too seriously . The mediocre , inane plot agonizingly drags itself along throughout a huge portion of the game , and then dumps loads of information on you at all the wrong times . Worse still , you have to deal with an uninteresting battle system , INCREDIBLY LITTLE character development out of 40 + characters , and a really disappointing final boss . I ca n't see this game appealing to any Chrono veterans or new fans of the series.Chrono Cross 's only redeeming qualities lie in its music score -LRB- composed by the same person that produced Chrono Trigger 's music -RRB- and graphics -LRB- good graphics make for nice eye candy , but I 'd take good gameplay over graphics any day , would n't you ? ^_^ -RRB- . If you want something good from the Chrono titles , either buy the PSX version of Chrono Trigger that Square had the good sense to release -LRB- Final Fantasy Chronicles -RRB- , or go get the Chrono Cross Original Soundtrack . You wo n't be sorry !
 I have played almost every rpg ever made for almost all systems , thats how long I 've been a gamer and Chrono Trigger will always be in my top five , not for the story but just for sure fun-factor and inventiveness . In hindsight , I do n't actually believe Chrono Trigger is nearly good as I once did when I was a kid , but it still blows this game out of the water.I did n't hate this game either , do n't get me wrong , but its just not there . The graphics for the time were amazing I suppose and the battle system is different -LRB- often to the point of annoyance -RRB- , but different is n't always good . They tried to create a plotline as lofty and intricate as something like Xenogears . You go to so many places and meet WAAAAAAY too many party members to the point where they all seem to lose their respective `` face . '' You only really need the first two main party members and then pick one more from the other gazillion to form your party . Honestly , I thought the choice to add so many potential members was quite stupid . Also , I feel the storyline is too confusing . Havign beat this game a few years ago I remember almost nothing of what actually happened except for the fact I had already forgotten about most of it before I was even doen with the game , which usually does n't mark a very enthralling affair in my eyes.Many people love this game , and I suppose if you try to play it as a game set apart from the Chrono `` franchise , '' as it were , it is a fair stand-alone outing . The Chrono tag is merely a means to an end , however , it is there to sell the game . This game has nothing to do with the original except in name and the use of timetravel . I would not recommend this game as a good rpg to start off on if you 've never played one before . If you want the best of the best rpg 's then go pick up Persona 3 , FF7/FFX/FFXII , Xenogears , Star Ocean , or Suikoden 2/3/5 , to name a few . This one can easily be bypassed .
 Tringo is puzzle game for the Gameboy Advance . Your playfield is a grid 5x5 sqaures and on top of that grid is another display that shows your matching pieces to be placed on that grid . You have to make that piece fit along with the space available onto the grid . The empty space will have a certain shapes and your job is to figure out what piece will fit in that empty space . If the shape does n't fit properly , you can not place it on the grid at all and need to press the `` A '' button to skip to the next piece . You are only allowed to skip pieces ten times . If you skipped more than ten times , it 'll be game over . The game is very similar to Tetris in some aspects . Your main goal is to fit puzzle pieces togther to make the other pieces dissapear , but Tringo is actually more difficult than Tetris because the clock ticks faster and it 's difficult to concentrate on both the top and bottom display inside the games . What makes it worse is the strange feeling of trying to feel the empty space . I guess this is really what sets apart from all the other Tetris clones , but it is too difficult for kids to play and too strange for adults . If you want good puzzle games I recommend , `` Klax '' , and `` Bust a Move '' , both of which are available on the GBA.Pros : + good graphics + good music + good sound effects + new twist in tetrisCons : - insanely difficult-limited options-very strange game-no fun for kids-adults wo n't like it either-Tetris is still better-no replay value
 All TRAINZ railroad simulators are based on model railroading , NOT real-world railroading , a fact that becomes obvious as one becomes familiar with the simulator . For example , zooming out reveals that the `` terrain '' consists of a narrow strip of territory -- like a model railroad layout -- rather than a unified simulated world . In my opinion , Microsoft 's Train Simulator , even though outdated , is a much better product and certainly costs much less.TRAINZ requires an immense amount of processor speed , hard disk space , and graphics memory -- be sure to read ALL of the system requirements before buying.Whatever you do , do not buy the 2006 version of TRAINZ . It is a poorly designed product rushed to market too quickly and has more bugs than a swamp in summer.Both versions of TRAINZ tout the ability to obtain lots of free content by download -LRB- an internet connection is obviously needed -- I add this to cover the stupidity of people who think a computer simulation game can be run without a graphics card -RRB- . This come-on of free content is mostly felonious . Yes , additional content can be downloaded , eating up huge amounts of hard drive real estate ; however , once downloaded that content proves mostly worthless because it contains even more bugs and errors than the original program.I 'm happy to see that some people are having fun with TRAINZ , but I have found it frustrating and disasterous .
 I just purchase the game so I could play it , I did n't program it , somebody else did , should n't have to configure and fix all the issues associated with this game . You can spend countless hours trying to get this game to configure on your computer and I ca n't get it to work . Most average people buy/own average computer , -LRB- dell , hp , ... etc -RRB- This game runs if you want to purchase aftermarket video cards , build your own tower and waste time updating drivers and configure it once it gets installed . Should n't have to do this to play a game . When I go to a resturant the food is served to me hot , fresh , I do n't have to go back there and cook it . When I buy a new car and need new tires I do n't have to update my axle to support the new tires , just unloosen the lug nuts take old tires off , put new tires on the rims and tighten down the lug nuts , oh I pay some guy in the garage to do this too . This game is a complete waste of time , I am not a graphic junky , if I want that realistic look I would have become a real train engineer . I have installed many simulation games on my computer and never had trouble until now .
 It came on two CDs and you eventually discover that the second CD holds the software which is needed to fix the bugs on the first.You also need a graphics card or equivalent.I do not have the graphics capability so although it appeared to load it would not run.I shall give it away or bin it .
 I bought these as a relatively cheap solution replace the built in microphone on my laptop and figured the headset would be an added bonus when gaming . These worked for a very limited period of time . . probably about a month before the microphone died and never worked again . I thought it was probably the mute and volume switch in the middle so after having them sit in my basement for a couple months I tried to cut it open and bypass it , no dice , do n't even try .
 Cheaply made plastic , and uncomfortable !! I have had these for about two months , and they already broke . I have owned three different Logitech gaming headsets and they all were garbage after a couple of months . The problem always started with the volume control even though I never use it , but after month the right earpiece would n't even get sound unless you press down and hold the volume control . After another month they just stopped all together , and I was even extra careful with this one too since the same thing happened with the other two Logitech models I owned . After opening the volume control up this time and seeing the cheap parts they used to make it I understand why it stopped working . I will never buy a Logitech headset again that 's for sure .
 I have owned two sets of these headphones . The first one started shorting out . If I put pressure on the wire coming out , they would work . Eventually even this did n't work and they quit for good . I got another set because they were pretty much the only ones available at the store , and because I thought it might have been an isolated incident . Well , as of today , the second set is going out in the very same way . The left ear does n't wok unless you apply pressure to the wire . I will never buy another set of Logitech headphones . Both lasted approximately 6 months . Now I am in search of a good set of gaming phones .
 I bought one of these from Best Buy and got it home it setup easily and seemed to work well enough . The open ear was nice as most headphones tend to hurt my ears after a half an hour or so.Within a month the mic would n't respond . I took it back and got another one , same thing happened on that one . Within a month or so the mic went out . On the second one I made sure to keep it put up and safe , was extra careful with the cord and made sure it was pampered , but it still happened.Don ' t waste your money !
 I have three boys and we all play online games with our PC . These are not meant for comfort . After a while of play my ears would hurt . Then I got a report from online players that my mic did not work or it was very intermittant . Now there is a short in the wire and the sound cuts in and out . I have had these for about a year . SHOULD N'T SOMETHING LIKE THAT SUPPOSE TO LAST LONGER !!!! Was Logitech bought out by someone ? Their items have been poor in quality and break after a short time of use . I have had a couple of mice by them recently stop working after a short period of use ! I think I am done with Logitech .
 This is going to be a view point from someone who plays a few games , but I do n't consider myself an expert gamer -LRB- yet -RRB- . I play 2-3 games -LRB- COH , GW and WoW -RRB- reguarly . So I still have a lot to learn . I also use Teamspeak while playing.Fitting / Feel - I bought this headset yesterday , and I returned them today . They felt horrible . Stupid me didnt bother reading the package to know that these are `` behind the head '' . But I figure I might gets used to it ... well , I didnt even want to try for a long period of time . My head felt like it was in a vice , but at the same time they felt like they wanted to fall off -LRB- and take my ears with it -RRB- . Mic - I was picking every sound up in the room except my own voice . Maybe if I learned to throw my voice , this would have been an awsome mic . I tried to adjust the mic for a good hour , and got it to the point that I thought seemed `` fair '' , but it still seemed to pick up background noises -LRB- like me clicking the mouse , etc. -RRB- . Friends also told me this through teamspeak.Sound Quality - Sound was fair . I adjusted this for quite some time in hopes of making the sound a little better . But its not easy adjusting the sound with your head in a vice while trying to throw your voice . But really ... the sound was `` okay '' but nothing to write home about.Look - The ear peices are very spiffy looking ... they have that `` Im a hard core gamer ! '' look . But you mideswell strap 2 1980 's style boombox speakers on your head . They are very large . Not that I care what I look like ... heck , if they worked good , I wouldnt care what I looked like.So what do we have here ? We have 2 boombox speakers strapped to your head with a vice grip , while throwing your voice.I love Logitech , I have their gaming keyboard -LRB- with the LCD -RRB- , their gaming mouse , and I hoped their gaming headset . But I was wrong.All headsets seem to have a few downfalls ... usually its style , comfort , mic and sound . Hmmmm ... . lol , I guess what I am trying to say is ... I expect it to be good , not GREAT.Look for other headsets .
 Sound quality is ` ok ' , is what you would expect from a cheap headset . I did n't allow this to be on my head long enough to test the mic . They freak me out . After placing the ear extractors onto my head , in about 5 minutes my ears feel like they will permanently be pointed strait out to the side . After about 10 minutes they are what I would consider ` painful ' . After about an hour they feel great ... er that is because you went back to best buy and exchanged them for a different set . Logitech has never let me down , until now . Simply put , do n't buy these .
 Within 5 minutes of opening the box to this poorly constructed headset , the microphone dangled loosely from its housing , the cheap plastic conector having broken . The pads on the earpieces fell off and were very difficult to put back on , frustrating and very annoying to say the least . Returned to the store from which they came the next day . Only wish I could give them a zero rating . My opinion of this , and many other Logitech products , -- yech !
 After wearing these things for maybe 5-10 minutes they are very uncomfortable . The large padding around the outside does little to help with comfort . They sound like listening through a pringles can . I tried using these with Counter-Strike
 I expected much better quality for a Logitech product . The headset is very harsh on your ears after wearing it for more than a hour . The boom is not adjustable and does not pick up my voice well at all . The worst part of it was that the mic stopped working after two months . I am very disappointed with Logitech and will stay away from their headset products in the future .
 This set has an interesting design in which it goes behind your head and holds itself on by sitting on top of your ears . Unfortunately , this grows uncomfortable rather quickly , especially so if you wear glasses.I really like the design of the mic , as it does not sit in front of your mouth , but rather off to the side . The in-line volume control , however , does not function well . The `` mute microphone '' function on it did not work , instead simply making the mic quieter . Additionally , the volume control doohickey makes it harder than it should be to adjust the volume.My biggest peeve with this set , however , is that it did not even last me 30 days . That 's right . I had it for less than a month before it broke . Now , I do n't treat my headsets harshly . In fact , I 'd say that I took very good care of it for the less-than-a-month that I had it . The cord exiting the set simply ceased to function properly . This I could not believe , considering Logitech 's typically good track record for delivering excellent products . It seems they went astray with this one , however , coupling a non-ergonomic design with poor craftsmanship . And as a result I would advise you to refrain from purchasing this headset .
 These hurt my ears , and because they use pressure to stay attached to your head , they press your ears against your head when they work , and after a while , the pressure wears down , then they pull your ears down and I 'm sure after a while they will just stop working , because they ca n't attach to your head anymore . I 'm very sorry that I bought these . The microphone is very low quality too .
 I bought this headset recently and was amazingly disappointed with it almost immediately . Other than a stylish design , this headset has no upside . The sound quality is terrible , even for the price . The mic is worthless ; in all my attempts to use it in gaming -LRB- what this headset was purportedly designed for -RRB- failed utterly . People were unable to make out my voice at all . Do n't waste your time buying this trash , you 'll just have to return it and replace it within days .
 I bought this headset because it looked sturdy and had good specs for the price . Within 10 seconds of firing up World of Warcraft with these on -LRB- before even trying the voice part -RRB- , I noticed that the audio quality was way below par . When you loot an NPC that has money , there is a kind of ringing noise like a cash register that occurs when you take the money . At least it sounds like that through any decent speakers or headphones . With this set it sounded like I was taking a wet bag of money from the bottom of a muddy swamp.Also , music has no oomph and voice is tinny . I will be returning these and getting a Sennheiser set , either the PC145 or the PC155 .
 Everyone has already covered the basics , so here 's the highlights : ` The audio listening quality is poor , especially for 40mm drivers -LRB- which normally sound good with strong bass response -RRB- . This is due to the fact the speaker itself is far from the ear canal , since the outer padding contacts the side of the head instead of the actual speaker pad . ` The headphones are heavy , which means a large amount of pressure is required to hold them in position . They slide very easily off the head , and apply a lot of downward force on the ears . I have a big head , and even made some slight modifications that increase the pressure , now they do n't slide off , but are uncomfortable for more than an hour of use . ` At first , the volume slider is stiff , but then becomes smooth . ` After 4 months of use , the mute switch is getting loose , I do n't expect it to work 4 months from now . ' I really like the microphone portion of the headset , the angle is adjustable , and the volume is loud and clear . ` In the end , these headphones have a good microphone matched with very poor quality headphones . Next time , I 'd grab the cheaper Logitech headset , where they are nice and light and the speaker pads make contact with the ears , not some large outer pad .
 I purchased this unit not for gaming , but for making PC to PC calls . Here are my observations : Pros :1 . Sound quality of the microphone on the receiving end is reported by my friends and family as exceptionally clear . Certainly much better than what you 'd get out of a webcam .2 . Chord is robust and long . Easily fits over my long desk to my CPU that rests beneath .3 . Controls are easy to use , although the mic on/off switch does n't click into place like I 'd expect it to . It just slides back and forth . I can see people accidentally turning it off .4 . Headphones produce good sound , although nothing extraordinary .5 . The mic itself freely rotates , so you can position it however you desire.Cons :1 . First and foremost , if you 've got a small head DO NOT PURCHASE THIS !! My head is not big and these headphones ARE NOT ADJUSTABLE ! These headphones are so large that they 're actually uncomfortable . Their entire weight rests on my ears and I ca n't wear them for very long without my ears falling off .2 . These headphones are very heavy , uncomfortably so . I 've resorted to holding them up to my head and listening through one speaker to take the weight off my ears .3 . Perhaps having the airspace between the speakers and the frame keeps your ears cooler , but it still feels like I 'm wearing a set of insulated ear muffs . Chatting on hot summer days is limited to 10 minutes or less until I 'm dying of heat exhaustion .4 . You need to get a Y splitter if you wish to have these headphones and your computer speakers on at the same time . If you do n't have front headphone plugs on your case this is an issue . Otherwise you have to crawl under your desk and manually disconnect the headset from your motherboard jacks and plug in your speakers again . Y splitters are only a few dollars but it 's an accessory you will have to purchase , especially since front speaker ports on most computers ca n't be hooked up at the same time as your rear motherboard jack -LRB- and most people have their main sound systems plugged in with the rear one -RRB- . Granted , this is more of a general microphone/headset combo issue than anything Logitek related , but if this is your first microphone/headset purchase then you should be aware of this problem . I use onboard audio instead of a sound card , so I do n't have multiple output jacks .5 . These headphones are designed to rest behind your neck , not over the top of your head . Unfortunately , the plastic beam is too heavy and pulls the speakers back , placing all the weight on your ears . The plastic beam is also too short -LRB- and just ! -RRB- to go over the top of my head for a more comfortable fit .6 . The design also does n't make sense . The beam is so short that it should rest behind your neck , yet the angle of the speakers through that air gap is better for wearing the beam over your head . It 's pretty uncomfortable . If the headset was adjustable it would be fine ! The earpieces are just too huge!Overall I 'm disappointed with these . If you 're under 5 ' 10 '' I say go with another model . The hardware works great , but the design is terrible . I 'm returning these and purchasing an uglier , but more functional , set of smaller headphones .
 I was looking for a decent pair of headphones to use for a program called TeamSpeak . My outfit on a game called Planetside uses it to do faster communication . After comparing prices , this was the cheapest and , because of the trusted name of Logitech on the side , I thought I could trust these headphones were of decent quality.Wrong , goes to show me once again , ALWAYS READ THE REVIEWS ! My troubles started when people could n't hear me unless I shouted to the heavens even after I had the settings on the highest they could go to boast performance . Next was the horrible design . After 30 minutes my ears started to hurt because there was no support for the headphones , which pulled and pinched my ears . The sound quality is fine , but unless I held the mic close to my face , it would n't pick up , which is impractical to gamers.I plan on returning these less then 24 hours of purchasing them and to buy something decent that I reviewed this time . What a waste of money .
 To be fair , this is a cheap -LRB- in terms of cost to you -RRB- headset that has decent sound and I find it very comfortable . The design is good in theory - over the ear pads but with less material to keep things cool and light -LRB- less sweat and does n't feel heavy on your head -RRB- . However , the design of the headset itself is severely offset with construction and reliability problems and one serious design flaw.I will start by saying that I am on my third set of these . I purchased the first and it died -LRB- one of the sides stopped producing sound -RRB- . I did not hold onto the warranty information so I ended up buying another one because I liked how it felt and sounded and thought it might have been a fluke because Logitech is generally a respectable company . The second one died within a month -LRB- no sound at all -RRB- . This time I held onto my purchase info and warranty and had another one sent . Well , again , almost immediately I had issues . The first thing that happened is that the microphone broke off with little or no pressure . I was able to superglue the cap that holds the mic into place back on but the mic has no tension on it and slides all over the place.As far as I can tell , this headset is plagued by the following issues :1 . Cheap plastic casing . This contributes to its light feel but is so cheap it breaks far too easy . This thing will take a hit even falling off your desk onto carpet .2 . The wiring seats are not strong enough . If the cord gets caught on anything and you do n't notice it and pull on it with even a little force , you may effectively pull the wires out of the speaker drivers and kill the headset .3 . The volume mechanism is a joke . First off , all three of the set I had , the rotator thing that adjusts the volume gets stuck after even days of use and never moves again . This is also the most common thing to get caught on random stuff which contributes to the above issue . Finally , I have recently figured out that this is where the headset goes dead most often . The `` cap '' that holds the volume rotator into place is made of the same cheap plastic as everything else . When this wiggles around -LRB- even from normal use - like adjusting the volume -RRB- , the adjustor can loose contact to the wiring inside and all of sudden you have no sound . I never touch the thing anymore but I sometimes have to fiddle with it and press on it to regain contact when my sound goes out .4 . The mute switch is just stupid . I ca n't tell you how many times I 'm gaming and I do n't realize the mute switch on the volume adjustor has been accidentally hit . This should be up on the headset or somewhere that is not lying on your lap or hanging off the side of your chair.Needless to say , I will not buy another one of these and neither should you . It really is to bad because the headset feels great , it just falls apart the moment you start touching it.For the people giving good reviews
 It was disappionting to hear my music and games in this bad set of earphones.Logitech should take care where to put your brand name .
 This item of Logitech is not that good . 1 star from me . Am not satisfied .
 My wife bought me these so I could skype and play Battlefield 2 with them . They were to replace a plantronic set that 's `` ear muff '' was a bit too small for my ears -LRB- and I have small ears ! -RRB- Well , I have to say that I 'm returning them because of comfort reasons.With them `` behind the head '' and NON-ADJUSTABLE , I found that I had to tilt them all the way back -LRB- with the band touching my neck -RRB- to get them to be not uncomfortable . Then after that , gravity would weigh them down on the tops of my ears and after 30-60 minutes , they had to be taken off.You really have to try them on at a store to see if they will fit your head . I think as a result , I 'm going to buy OVER THE HEAD headphones because the band will sit on your head and support them , not the tops of your ears , or a `` deathclamp '' on your head.Another problem with them was that when I switched to them , my brother -LRB- using Skype -RRB- could n't hear me very well . Even with some adjustment , it was hard for the mic to pick up my voice.Other people with heads and ears shaped different from mine might like them better . But you ca n't tell unless you try them on first and stand around for more than 5 minutes with them on.If they had been adjustable , they might not have been too bad . But maybe us old folks should n't be sitting around playing online games ? nah !
 I bought this headset , looking to replace an old pair of headphones . The sound is muffled , the microphone is weak , and sound I 'm listening to bleeds through so other people can hear it over my mic . Certainly not a product I 'd buy again , waste of money .
 I 'll keep it short : Sounds great , fits terribly for long gaming sessions.It 's behind the neck design means the headset 's weight is resting on the top of your ears , which begin to hurt after an hour or so , and it clamps to stay there.For long gaming sessions , get a headset with a headstrap , not behind the neck .
 Yeah , it has a nice fit , but if you like to have a 10lbs helmet on then this is for you.The mic is immobile . But it looks really cool to have it on.Sound range is quiet . Tested on most applications , works , but the top of the ears hurt after a bit .
 This was useless , the mic had ZERO sensitivity , I had to literally stick the mic into my mouth and yell for it to move any of the bars on my computer sound recorder , not to mention the games i played didnt even recognize that I was talking at all . Bought this two days ago , taking it back to best buy today.Also there are just big pads on the rings , it isnt a ear encompassing headphone , it doesnt block any sounds from coming in , and I can hear wierd noises coming through the headphones when no sound is being emitted from my pc.Get somethings else .
 I play quite a few online games and use TS with friends . I bought these at BB and immediately regretted it . The fit is horrible ; after playing for an hour or more , my ears hurt from the fit . The fit also prevents the sound quality.I 'm now happy that my cat has chewed through the cord so that I have to go out and buy a new pair . = -RRB-
 I bought these about 4 years ago -LRB- whenever Circuit City went out of business -RRB- . In fact , the only reason I bought them was because they were on clearance during Circuit City 's giant closing sale ... and they were marked down to $ 19.99 . Over the last 4 or so years I 've had them , I think I 've used them for a grand total of less than 10 hours . I literally can not stand to wear them . I actually got a headache from having them on during my first time wearing them . Over time I tried again and again to `` get used to them '' , but it did n't work . They 've been sitting in a corner for the last 2 years `` just in case '' I ever ABSOLUTELY NEED THEM ... but I 'd rather have no sound at all than have to wear those things again .
 Well I have to say I am not all that pleased with this headset . For one there is not adjustment to fit your ears . After a while of having them on , I get a headache .
 These things immediataly begin to hurt my ears physically.Lazy , I kept them hoping to get adjusted to the fit . I did , and I was satisfied with the sound overall.Then 4 months into using them frequently -LRB- 1-3 hrs . a day -RRB- the right speaker went out , and it 's obvious the wiring that connected to the headset is faulty .
 Ummm ... What can I say . They really hurt your ears . And the pain does n't go away after you take them off . It 's so heavy , it feels like it was going to snap them right off!About 4 months after I bought it , the left side squishy/foamy leather part suddenly feel off . It just fell off . I tried to put it back on , and I managed to put it back on , just barely , so I had to put stick the foamy thing back on every few minutes or so.A couple months later , the volume slider got stuck . No problem . I can still adjust the volume on my computer instead.However , yet a couple months later , the right ear would no longer output sound.I lived with the headphones like that for a few more months , because well ... I was broke ! But to add misery to injury ... the headphones just completely stopped working . No sound , no mic.Now I am shopping for new headphones on Amazon , -LRB- having originally bought these on a offline box store -RRB- , and I saw these on my search results . Gee , I HAD to review it!I had bought these because I have had really high-quality Logistic products after the years . But this was just plain disappointing .
 The first time I ever bought a warranty with a product and it was with this product , man what a lucky choice . It 's a two year warranty and has been replaced 3-4 times . . I 'm not sure they stop letting me replace it after 3 or 4 ... I got ANOTHER two year warranty and have already had to replace it twice . Main problems
 this thing is the most uncomfortable headphones I 've ever put on . How does Logitech think that a `` one size fits all '' headset will work?I can not wear this thing for longer than 30 minutes without my ears turning red and hurting .
 On the plus side , they worked ... on the down side , everything else . Uncomfortable , and everyone in the room hears them even if the volume is low . Did I mention uncomfortable ? These also take up a ton of room in a drawer . Definitely pass on these !
 I agree with all the negative reviews out there . I made the mistake and trust the brand name ! Logitech products are usually really good , but this time I 'm very disappointed.One reviewer stated , do not use these headphones if you wear glasses , and oh boy , I should 've read the reviews before I bought these horrible headphones.I 'm a heavy gamer and can spend hours playing . Therefore , I need headphones that are comfortable . These headphones do not deserve the title `` gaming headset '' , because the fit is extremely weird , the ear pieces are very uncomfortable and the sound is mediocre at best.The ear pieces are round , so they will put pressure to different parts of your ear and need constant adjusting . The way the clamp down around your head feels unnatural . They are so tight , that you will also adjust your glasses all the time.So , I recommend that you add a few bucks to your budget and buy something else . I just did .
 To be fair , this is a cheap -LRB- in terms of cost to you -RRB- headset that has decent sound and I find it very comfortable . The design is good in theory - over the ear pads but with less material to keep things cool and light -LRB- less sweat and does n't feel heavy on your head -RRB- . However , the design of the headset itself is severely offset with construction and reliability problems and one serious design flaw.I will start by saying that I am on my third set of these . I purchased the first and it died -LRB- one of the sides stopped producing sound -RRB- . I did not hold onto the warranty information so I ended up buying another one because I liked how it felt and sounded and thought it might have been a fluke because Logitech is generally a respectable company . The second one died within a month -LRB- no sound at all -RRB- . This time I held onto my purchase info and warranty and had another one sent . Well , again , almost immediately I had issues . The first thing that happened is that the microphone broke off with little or no pressure . I was able to superglue the cap that holds the mic into place back on but the mic has no tension on it and slides all over the place.As far as I can tell , this headset is plagued by the following issues :1 . Cheap plastic casing . This contributes to its light feel but is so cheap it breaks far too easy . This thing will take a hit even falling off your desk onto carpet .2 . The wiring seats are not strong enough . If the cord gets caught on anything and you do n't notice it and pull on it with even a little force , you may effectively pull the wires out of the speaker drivers and kill the headset .3 . The volume mechanism is a joke . First off , all three of the set I had , the rotator thing that adjusts the volume gets stuck after even days of use and never moves again . This is also the most common thing to get caught on random stuff which contributes to the above issue . Finally , I have recently figured out that this is where the headset goes dead most often . The `` cap '' that holds the volume rotator into place is made of the same cheap plastic as everything else . When this wiggles around -LRB- even from normal use - like adjusting the volume -RRB- , the adjustor can loose contact to the wiring inside and all of sudden you have no sound . I never touch the thing anymore but I sometimes have to fiddle with it and press on it to regain contact when my sound goes out .4 . The mute switch is just stupid . I ca n't tell you how many times I 'm gaming and I do n't realize the mute switch on the volume adjustor has been accidentally hit . This should be up on the headset or somewhere that is not lying on your lap or hanging off the side of your chair.Needless to say , I will not buy another one of these and neither should you . It really is to bad because the headset feels great , it just falls apart the moment you start touching it.For the people giving good reviews
 Headset broke long before it should have . Very disappointed be it seemed very durable . Fairly comfortable but awkward .
 in fact this headphone is good qualified but the problem is uncomfortable . in one hour it make my ears painful and the bad thing is head band goes around almost from backneck . . anyway i still use it but it depends on for what purpose u gon na use it ...
 Gaming headset ... let me see ... I guess it 's not bad for the money . Not too expensive but even then I do n't think you even get what you paid for . Sure , the headset is atractive , maybe a little big but the design does call gaming . Thats about it . Sound its substandard commpared to other gaming headsets of the same price , and if you have moderate size ears like me , this thing will hurt them like a medivel torture device . Somebody made a good comment about the open air design of the speakers and the fact that your ears do n't sweat ... and it 's true . They do n't sweat ... they could bleed maybe ... but no sweat . If you are looking for a good gaming headset I can suggest Sennheiser PC155 . They are more expensive but you get every penny worth .
 Just got this item in today . First problem after plugging them in was the volume control on the chord was stuck . I had to force the thing to move . The second problem was the mic would not pick anything short of tapping the thing hard or yelling . The third problem was the right headphone was not working . I took the POS apart to discover that the right earphone was not soldered to the proper location . I will not be returning these because , I do n't want Logitech to refurbish these . I want them in the trash . I also hate to say , based on what I saw , I will not purchase anything audio from them again .
 Any review you read here will not be able to fully express how terrible these headphones are . I have fairly normal ears . All ears are a little goofy , but these headphones HURT my ears after a few hours . The sound is fine , the microphone is pretty crappy , but works . I do n't know whose idea it was to design these headphones , but either they or the person who decided it was suitable for sale should be fired . Behind my ears there is visible damage where sharp plastic and insufficient padding have been pressing tightly . Additionally , the volume control is awful ... it 's a little tiny nob that runs in a circle , counter clockwise raising the volume . On top of the nob being too tiny , it is also very difficult to turn , rendering it nearly useless . I can either move it with my teeth or adjust the volume with game settings . Pretty ridiculous . Bad form Logitech , my last product I will EVER buy from you ... two bad headsets in a row .
 I was shocked to find that Logitech , a name I normally trust for peripherals , had created something as sloppily-designed as this headset.First , the fit was just plain atrocious . It was insanely uncomfortable , yet felt ready to fall off at any time . The other reviewer who said this was right on . -LRB- And yes , I had them on the right way ! ... -RRB- The sound was passable , but nothing near what I expected with the `` Gaming Headset '' moniker attached liberally to the packaging.Sadly , the only decent thing about it was how easy the return process was . Avoid at all costs if you wear glasses , and try to stay away even if you do n't . Your ears will thank you .
 I received this gaming headset for free by attending a course , and when I got it I was amused at the concept of a gaming headset . It took me 5-7 minutes to get out of the packaging , and then you have to adjust the mic . Unfortunately , after you adjust the mic , you have to put on the logitech label to secure it . I could n't get it on , so I had to use duct tape.Once I put it on , it felt flimsy and uncomfortable , like it was constantly about to fall off . I reached for the mic to try and adjust it and the mic BROKE OFF . I threw the thing in the trash , it 's totally worthless . I did n't even pay for it and I still feel ripped off . Dont buy this piece of junk .
 I 've noticed a consistant trend with Logitech products . If you buy their cheap/low end goods , you wind up with a pretty horrible product , whereas if you spend more money on one of their more expensive products , you usually get something great.These headphones are definitely on their low end of things , and they fail to deliver . The 25 $ you 'll spend on these is 25 $ too much . You will find you have wasted both money AND time ordering , waiting , and ultimately returning these.Here are the ups and downs : Pros
 I 've been using this headset for about 3 months and I ca n't stand it . The wrap around your neck puts pressure on your ears and is not comfortable . The ear cups are so large , you wo n't be able to wear glasses with this set on unless you rest the temples on the top of the earpiece instead of on your ear.The sound is ok and I like the volume control . I 'd look elsewhere for a new headset .
 I purchased this item about 3 weeks ago . I was very excited , it sounded great , my voice came over more clearly over the voice chat program I use for gaming , ventrilo . But 3 days after purchase the mouth piece mic fell off . It kind of snaps back in but falls off with any little nudge , but the microphone still worked . 3 weeks later the microphone stopped working altogether . I had to resort back to using my old desktop microphone.The on-cord volume is kind of a pain to use also , as it does n't turn very well , and I have to use fingernails in order to change the volume , not a big deal since I can adjust it on my keyboard , but kind of useless to me since I do use the headset while gaming , digging my nails into the volume nob to get it to work is distracting.Next time I will spend a bit more money to get one that will last a bit longer .
 This headset is most impossible to position on your head . No matter what size your head is . It has a thick hard plastic band that goes arount the back of your head . The band is not adjustable . It is one solid peice of plastic . The band does not fit snug . It just kinda of hangs , leaving the very heavy ear phones to weigh on your ears until they want to fall off . They are very uncomfortable . You have to try to keep a balance in feeling like you ca n't move an inch or they will fall off . The way that these fit on your head make the mic hard to be heard by the recieving end . In short they are a waste of money !
 The headset sits on the back of head , which is ok , however due to large ear rests it feals awkward and uncomfortable . I was not able to use volume control , as the headphones were only audible at higher volume level.The mic is poor . Whether you want it for gaming or just general purpose use , its better to skip this for something else .
 Construction
 I bought this headset because I needed a long cord and this one comes with a 10-footer , but that is where my satisfaction ended . The fit is terrible - I do n't mind behind-the-head sets in general , but these ones would not stay on and ARE NOT ADJUSTABLE . In frustration and disbelief I scoured the manual to see if I was just missing something , and noticed that the picture of a woman wearing them had them resting on top of her ponytail . I tried this and it was the only way they could stay up at all , but still kept slipping and required constant fiddling with . I usually ended up turning them and wearing them over the top of the head rather than behind the head , although that was an awful and uncomfortable fit as well even though they stayed on longer . In short , I returned this headset after a highly frustrating week where my husband and friends on Skype heard nothing but my complaining about how much my new headset sucked . I replaced them with another Logitech headset that is definitely worth the few extra dollars - the Logitech Premium USB Headset 350 . I highly recommend getting those instead , the feedback I 've gotten from people I 've spoken to through Skype has been that the microphone is much better and they do n't hear nearly as much ambient noise as they did with the Precision Gaming Headset . The cord is slightly shorter on those -LRB- about 8 feet -RRB- but they fit well on my head and the USB feature is very nice in that it allows you to play game sounds through your desktop speakers while using Skype or Teamspeak through the headset.In short , this headset is a stinker . Look elsewhere .
 I just bought these the other day for use on World of Warcraft , and I must say I am greatly disappointed.The microphone , for no reason , would cut out at times , and did n't have much sensitivity to pick up my voice at times unless I was cupping my hands around the actual voice reader . This was not a sensitivity issue with the program I was using , as I had the voice register set to max.Also , the voice on/off switch was delicate and easy to accidently brush on/off against clothing or my desk.The earpieces themselves began to hurt after an hour of use , but I have found this problem with several headphones in the past which fully cover my ears.The only perks are that the cord is long , and thus I did n't have to move my CPU around as I 've had to do for other sets . Also , it 's very easy to use - no software at all , just plug in and go.After only one night of use , however , I 'm already browsing for an alternative set .
 The other one-star reviews are right . This headset lacks any kind of bass . There 's not even a ` warm ' tone . The cups for the ears also were slightly small -LRB- even wearing them correctly -RRB- and pinched the tops of my ears against my head.If you want to feel like you 've got two old-school AM radios strapped to your ears , go for it . I 'm returning these after five minutes of use . What a disappointment from an otherwise excellent company ! Avoid at all costs .
 Everything those guys said are right on ! Poor quality , and they feel like lead sinkers atttached to your ears . The audio bleeds into the microphone in Teamspeak . Do not buy !
 I love playing pinball . When I bought my new computer I ordered TOTAL PINBALL 25 . Boy am I sorry I spent so much as a dime on this product . It totally sucks . There is absolutely not realism to this computer game at all . I 've seen much better .
 There are clearly better wheels available if you want to spend the money , but for the price , this one is okay.It is a little difficult to get used to , but once you do it drives okay . It has better sensitivty then a normal analog thumb-stick , but not as much as a higher-end wheel.As soon as you hold it you can tell it does n't have the construction quality of other controllers . One faulty bit of design , the springs that re-center the wheel depend on small plastic knobs -LRB- with a screw through the middle -RRB- inside the controller . If you turn the wheel too hard you can break the plastic knobs and lose the spring back to center .
 Do n't buy this controller ! I bought this to try to seeif it is as good as the company that made it claim it to be.The innovative design and concept will attract you butat the end of the day you want a controller that let youdrive your car properly.I realise this is a very bad controller , first of all using themicrosoft normal controller is much better than this socalled `` pro racer '' controller . The degree you can turn thesteering wheel is so small , such that by just turning a bityou car will turn wide and skid.You will not be able to make fine driving adjustments , which is what you need if you want to enjoy a driving game.Well , I have really wasted by money buying this and feellike throwing it away . `` sign '' , but I did not know at first.And I have no opportunity to try it out at the shop .
 This controller is BAD ! I do n't mean cool bad , I mean bad-bad ! I try playing rallisport challenge with this controller and lose every race ! On rallisport there are lots of long straights and I veere off-course on a straight ! The regular microsoft controller handles way well . So that 's 30 bucks down the drain for you . So stick to the regular controller to stay on the track .
 The Gamester Pro Racer Wheel is an old style wheel controller that bases your turns on how one wheel half moves in relationship to the other half . This is a system that will really annoy most gamers but work well for the few who dedicate time to practicing and honing the technique.In modern times with Wii wheels working in full movement with wonderful hand-movement-sensing technology , it 's almost hard to remember back when this Gamester type of wheel was actually a good option . Here is how it works.The wheel has two halves - a left half and a right half . Both have a TINY range of movement to go clockwise and counterclockwise . The movement is maybe an inch total . If you hold your right hand perfectly still and `` turn '' / `` rotate '' your left hand counter-clockwise , as if you were making a left hand turn , this turns the car left . In the same manner , if you hold your left hand perfectly still and turn / rotate your right hand clockwise , as if you were making a right hand turn , this turns the car right.The problem is trying to play an action game and keeping one hand still . It 's not natural at all . Also , with only an inch range of motion , it 's extremely hard to make sharp turns vs gradual turns and so on . It 's just not good for that.Also , all the buttons are in the top right of the controller so now you 're trying to reach for them with your fingers while you 're holding one hand stiff and trying to gently rotate the other hand.As you might imagine , if you played with this all day every day you could actually get the knack of it down and do well with it . Back when it was the only option , it might be worth it , too . However , in modern times when they have * awesome * wheels out there - either the stick to the table kind or the motion sensing kind - there 's really no reason to spend the weeks necessary to get really good with this thing . It 's gone the way of those old style giant joysticks from Atari with the one big red button .
 I bought one of these wheels and although it does have acceptional steering-responsive-sensitivity , less than an hour after getting it home and for whatever reason the back and the start buttons began sticking . As soon as you start a game with it plugged in it just flips back and fourth between screens !! I decided to make sure that there was nothing physically stuck inside of the contoller and removed the back of it . NOTHING ! It just sticks and refuses to function properly !
 Got the Xbox for Christmas along with the two racing controllers , however both racing controllers started malfunctioning withing 20 days . Am sending them back but who knows how long until I get them back and how long they will last.And no I am not a hard core gamer .
 The Gamester Pro Racer Wheel is poorly designed . To turn left one must pull the left side of the wheel counterclockwise so the black bottom of the left side touches the black bottom of the right side of the wheel . To turn right one pushes the left side of the wheel clockwise . When using the Pro Racer Wheel my hands and wrists quickly became sore . The directional pad in the middle of the wheel is cheap . Stay away ! Either revert back to your Microsoft controller or buy a real steering wheel .
 I loved this game ... until all my progress randomly disappeared . A quick internet search revealed that this is a common bug and was never fixed by the programmers in any later versions . I suggest buying any sequel other than this one .
 I like this game but unfortunately you have to leave the disc in the computer to use it . If I take the disc out , I have to reinstall every time due to some copy write problem . I do n't seem to have this if I buy from Big Fish games .
 I have played this game for about 4 hours and have made it into the second level . It 's boring !! Why in the hell would you fight the boss fight at the end of level 1 and then take it right up again on the next level , with two of the same bosses instead of one ?? . WTF ??? It is too dumb beyond belief . The story line is like some crappy saturday filler cartoons for mongoloid children . Spare me , please , and do n't get this game . I was so jacked for it and then after playing it felt like I 'd been taken for a ride ... over the rainbow of stupidity to land in the nation of bland , repetitive god-awful ideas allowed to see the light of day . Capcom needs to find another outlet . Obviously , this remorseful effort deserved to be murdered at birth .
 i bought this game and played it for 20 minutes and then switched back to GOW . tryied online and no fun there either . characters looks like stupid mice and have to keep on recharging urself before you can fight . not fun . sold back to EB games . I would say its not even worth renting .
 It 's not enough anymore to slap a game together people will not let you get away with games that are as bad as this one is I rented it and returned it its god awfull i cant see why anyone would play this game , and I would bet the positive posts are all fakes , or at least some of them , I mean the power full weapons are heavy but the big boss is super fast so fast you cant dodge him , this game is lame , the concept is lame and the design is cookie cutter and soft around the edges like play mobile toys , no grit or feel to this game at all . if you want a good shooter game look else where cuz this one sucks .
 I played the mulitplayer download of this game and was not impressed with anything it had to offer . I then tried the full version of the game in an attempt to try to find out if it had any hidden glory . I wasted my time . This game offers nothing unique and the graphics are not worth raving about . Enemies are too easy to kill and the `` light up '' weak spots are childish and lame . With so much potiential , this game was a huge disappointment .
 If you 're an older gamer , say 18 + , this game really does n't cut it . Long movies and TERRIBLE multiplayer action led me to dislike this game . Multiplayer looks like it was on a deadline and they just released what they had completed . Campaigns are ok ... and by ok , I mean just ok . The graphics are unparalled , but the game is shallow and only 1 player.Great for kids , not so much for the older gamers . GoW is much more fun and involved .
 Wooow ... . you run ! ... . You shoot ... . You get shot ... . YOU GET A MEDKIT ! ... . youre all right to keep running and shooting.This is like those old arcade games in which you loose `` energy '' when you get shot and your `` energy '' goes up when you get a medkit or eat something.Nothing like the great games where you die from one well placed shot , and you really have to take care of yourself , crouching , hiding , taking cover , and THINKING about what you have to do to survive ... . No MEDKITS to save the day , and no lives.HAIL rainbow six vegas ! , Ghost recon AW ! , GEARS OF WAR ! , and all the real tactical shooters -LRB- Americas Army on the PC is another one of those -RRB- . This game is great for pure action lovers , but if you like tactics , dont even rent it . -LRB- just my humble opinion anyway -RRB- .
 I usually live for games like this ... but this game ... B-O-R-I-N-G . It is the same thing over and over again . It really has no redeming values . After the first 5 min ... it just goes downhill . The weapons suck , the enemies are always the same ... it really was no fun and a waste of money . I am going back to playing Gears of War for the 1,000 th time ... and enjoy it .
 This game may have been the biggest let down of the year . Everyone was hyped up for it , but the story line makes no sense at all , and the whole time your playing the game you have to run around like in mario 64 collecting coins , but this time they are little things called thermal energy to keep you warm , but if you dont collect them , your thermal meter ends up running out and you die . Its honestly retarded , whoever made this game must have been extremly high while creating it , because its probably one of the worst games i have ever played . When your fighting a boss , you have to worry about your stupid thermal energy meter and try to run around collecting the little red things , while fighting the boss is already a hastle . All in all , i would say this game deserves no starts , unfortunately amazon made me give it at least one star . Dont rent it , dont buy it , and dont even play it at Best Buy if they have it out .
 This was probobly one of the worst games ever made . The storyline makes no sense and is just so bland and boring that can not seem to keep my attention for more then two minutes . As for the stupid thermal energy thing goes , what is up with that . It makes no sense and half the time you die trying to keep up your thermal energy while also having to fight . I wish I could get my money back and the 2 hours of my life that I spent on this game .
 At the time of its release , Lost Planet was arguably the most hyped game from CAPCOM since Dead Rising blew the minds of many , myself included . While it boasts a load of potential it is ruined by a horribly fiddly control system.Thrown into a cliched revenge story on a desolate ice-covered planet , we quickly learn the importance of a well thought-out control system . Sadly , this is what makes the game so painful ; if it was n't for the controls this game would have a lot going for it . The main problem is that the right analog stick controls your direction , but if you tap it quickly you spin quickly in that direction . So if you 're facing one direction and tap down , you 'll turn 180 degrees . What this means though , is if you 're trying to aim at something and just want to adjust your site very slightly and you just tap the right stick , you 're suddenly facing a completely different direction , which makes for VERY frustrating boss fights . And the control settings are n't modifiable ! At least not the problematic ones anyway.Most of the game involves action on foot or controlling mech warrior style machines called Vital Suits which are actually pretty cool . There are different types of machines to keep things interesting . Your character also possesses a Batman style grappling hook which is pretty cool but overall the gameplay really suffers due to the controls.The graphics are very nice , with large , explorable environments with finely detailed snow and fog . The enemies vary in their quality but typically the bosses are very detailed . There are some very nice fire and lighting effects as well so overall the graphics are really very good.But when it really comes down to it , the controls RUIN this game . It 's probably even more disappointing because you can see the games potential as well . It 's like when you meet a really hot girl and you start getting along with her great and then she says she has a boyfriend .
 I got my xbox 360 not too long ago . I did n't have many games and I had heard that Lost Planet promised to be really good . Luckily , since I was too cheap to actually buy it , I rented it instead.Let me begin by saying the graphics are great for this game . There are some very nice snow affects and explosions - two things you can never have enough of . The problem with the game is the game play.I assumed that the game play and story line and storyline would be phenomenal . They were n't . The game play was mediocre at best . You have a grappling hook , which is semi-cool , and you can control robots -LRB- I forgot what they call them in the game -RRB- n The problem is all this is done before - and done better.The story is about as interesting as this review except a lot longer and much more tedious.The game is decent enough if you are devoid of any other games or friends , although I do suggest you purchase F.E.A.R. or Oblivion for the 360 . Both are excellent and worth your money .
 this is one of the worst video games ive ever played and i love pokemon games this game is retarded
 I bought my DS & it came with the pokemon rangers game . I thought that it would be similar to the old blue & red versions but it was nothing like them . the game has you use your stylus & you move it around the pokemon a couple of times & you `` catch '' them . Now in this game you dont catch pokemon , you can only have one pokemon friend & all the others you catch get released back into the wild after they help you -LRB- if a water pokemon helps put out a fire he leaves -RRB- . The game play was very boring and to my surprise the graphics are slightly better than the original games , which is surprising due to the system that it is made for . Essentially a small child , 8 or under , would probably have fun with this game -LRB- which is who this game is made for anyways -RRB- but if your looking for game play like the originals where you have to improve your pokemon & catch them , then stay with the GB Advance games .
 I rented this game from Blockbuster , and it seemed like a good game , until I started capturing Pokemon . You have to spin the stylus to capture the Pokemon , and that spinning motion broke my DS touchscreen . It would n't detect the touches right after that game , and calibrating would n't do anything . I ended up sending it back to Nintendo to get the touchscreen replaced . If you do n't want to have a broken DS , do n't buy this game .
 My friend got this game for her birthday and she would n't stop playing it !!! I had saw it on tv and thought it looked really cool . But next week at school , she said you could save in only certain spots and that she just finished the intro ! I imedentily took it off my christmas list . So this game I think is a WASTE OF MONEY ! Use it on a better game like Mario Kart DS .
 The graphics are great , however , it take almost an hours worth of playing before your past the instructional stage.I did not like it because the character is not independent and the whole game seems tightly structured so far . I love how in the older games you got to walk around wherever you pleased . In this game , that does not happen .
 Poke ` mon ranger was an interesting idea when I first heard about it . I knew , going in , that you did n't capture poke ` mon forever , just for one use . Still , I wanted to try it and see what it was like . That 's where it went sour . The game is annoying at best . The action is repetitive , the game play is dull , and the people in it talk waaaaaaaay too much . Every time I saw the foursome rock back , which is a generous use of the words ` rock band ' , I groaned , knowing that they would spend forever doing the same little introduction . Beyond wording and repeated ideas , the follow through is beyond iritating . Beyond all the rest of the problems , the main issue I have is with the capturing . It is repetitive , dull and outlandishly annoying . Some of the poke ` mon you must capture are so hard that you will try and try and try until you want to break the game and choke the designer . When you do actually capture it , it is from pure luck.Needless to say , the game had promise , and that promise was broken . The ONLY reason that I completed it was to get the manaphy . I will never again play this game and I doubt I will buy the second .
 I thought drawing pokeballs would be fun , and it is . . for the first 5 seconds .
 Being a huge fan of normal pokemon games I expecteed this one to be a lot of fun , it was a huge dissapointment . Once you get to the part where I am and you have to catch a stupid Salamence you 'll never want to play again . I have put over 6 hours into trying to catch the dang thing and I have practicly broken my DS lite through anger . Just trust me If your buying this game because you like d p or and other pkmn games then dont ! I want ppl 2 C this so plz say u thought it was helpful .
 It seems to me that these creators are to obsessed with long introductions . This isnt 7th grade writing class . Who cares about the past . You never get any freedom to move around . I always imagined pokemon to have the luxury to go back and wander aimlessly . If you think this is good because it is a pokemon game i have to say that if i had a choice of playing pokemon silver or pokemon ranger i would go with silver any day . But it depends what your looking for . Are you looking for a book or a game ! My opinion is that they started to go over board in blue rescue team with the introduction i practically skipped the whole thing and was totally confused . The thing is it is to short . You need a game you get into and keep playine but this was BORING with the introduction and SHORT with the game . Even though I have never played this it reminds me of blue rescue team and i didnt like the long introduction and quotes . My advice borrow someones or get it off half.com because its better to try it then to get it full price
 Pokemon Ranger has to be one of the shittiest and most pointless editions to the Pokemon franchise ever . All you do is run around the world controlling pokemon by circling them time and time again . This could take you 40 hours to complete with constant stress and a story you will most likely forget in 2 days . The graphics are a piece of garbage , tutorials are a piece of shit . 47 bucks for a game that came out 4 YEARS AGO !!! Bioshock 2 is only 10 dollars and it was made in 2010 . Seriously nintendo review your prices !
 I 'm a longtime fan of the traditional pokemon games -LRB- like Pokemon Pearl and Diamond -RRB- , so when I saw this spin-off , I was pretty excited . Unfortunately , it took me a long time to actually get around to playing this game -LRB- various reasons I wo n't go into -RRB- . It seems with Pokemon Ranger that they were looking to emphasize the RPG gameplay a bit more than the monster-raising aspects . Well , I was excited to play this , but unfortunately , I was n't able to finish the game . I normally do not write reviews for games I have n't finished , but I feel I need to write a review on this to warn people who may be unable to finish for the same reason I did . Just check the gameplay section for those details ... Since I got roughly half-way through the game , every other category 's judgment is based on that experience.Graphics -LRB- score 7/10 -RRB-
 Although the kids enjoy this game because it has characters that they like , it seems impossible to find all the clues and solve the riddles . Both myself and another Mom grew very frustrated trying it oursevles . We are both University educated women , so if we ca n't do it , I do n't know how they 'd expect a young one to .
 Aside from some short-lived fun with SimSafari , which would be great for kids , by the way , the rest is pointless . SimIsle is unplayable . I did not enjoy this pack at all and feel like I wasted good money that I could 've spent on one single better , more challenging game .
 Sure , it seems great but all the games have terrible graphics , a couple of them are OKAY but definately not worth it .
 I got this when I was younger and had loved the Sim Tower , Sim Copter , and Sim Safari as all time favorite games . But one thing I did n't realize about these games is that they are not compatible with Windows 7 . Looking at blogs online it seems that Microsoft refuses to make any changes to allow them to be compatible because there are n't enough people for it to apply to .
 The only good game in this is Sim Safari ! The other games did n't work on my DELL Laptop , or I could n't get the whole point . And even Sim Safari can sometimes get too challenging , for it 's so hard to eliminate locusts , fires , and drought . Even playing this game at its least challenging is quite difficult . Unlike in Zoo Tycoon , everybody wants to see buffalo , elephants , leopards , lions , and rhinos . In the scenarios , you start with too little money , so as soon as you spend over half your budget on an amphitheatre your in trouble ! No , just get the civ , galactic civ , alpha centauri , and tycoon series .
 I bought this collection directly from the EA online store . Whle all of these might have been really great when they came out -LRB- although I know that even then many of them were judged overwhelmingly not to be -RRB- , time and our resulting expectations , as game upgrading marches on , have ground these into the dust of gaming history . Where they might have been fun once , now they are tedious and disappointing . The exception , of course , is SimCity , which makes it through the limitations of its obviously archaic , extremely simplistic graphics with , nevertheless , still entertaining game-play . However , overall , we must accept that some things we loved in the past are n't capable of matching our current game-play expectations . These Sim classics are some of those , and are best left back there in the past to be remembered fondly ... unless you just want some antiques you 'll never use around to give your PC software library `` substance '' .
 When I saw the price for all those game I instantly bought it . Going home I went through each and every one of the games , only to find that they were as boring as watching a dead goldfish float.I highly suggest you do n't waste any of your money on any of these games . IF you 've never played any other computer games and are n't expecting anything then I 'm sure you 'd find them all entertaining ... maybe.But after playing Fallout , Baldurs Gate , and Diablo seeing these measly , boring games that I had just spent my money on was not a pretty sight.What I suggest to everyone is to go out and get Simcity 3000 , because it 's obvious that if you 're checking these out you like Simulations and that one is one of the best out there .
 Sim City - eh , an ok game , , pretty boring though , same thing happens every time . . you build your city , citizens demand that taxes should be lowered , a big fire , etc. . . zzz ... Sim Tower - this game is KINDA fun but again , just kind of monotnous . This is kind of the reason why I do n't like a lot of `` Sim '' gamesSim Isle - zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... Sim Safari
 It says that it is a great product but it 's not really . It 's not as good as it seems . Most of the games are boring except for Sim Safari . You may just want to consider buying Sim Safari alone if that 's what you want . None of the other games are fun at all ! Beleive me I 've played them !
 Janes F15 Terrible graphics and sound , the controls are way to hard to use , and there is absolutly no choice of planes . Comanche Gold A little better graphics and sound and the controls are easier to use but the missions are either realy simple , or realy tough , the menu is impossible to use , and the chopper does n't show damage , same problem with lack of variety here to just A Comanche . WW2 Fighters Probably the only decent game of the bunch , with above average graphics and A OK sound . More planes here though 7 and beutifuly done , but the damage could be better , and all the planes respond about the same . Overall do n't get this game unless you realy like flight sims . Check out my individual reviews of these games for more info .
 I bought my daughter 3 pieces of software from Disney , and so far 2 have not worked.In this case , the game will run for a few minutes , then it minimized itself and stops responding.For the record , I am IT professional and have been doing computers for over 20 years , so it 's not a case of 1di0t error .
 Ultima Online Renaissance ruined the original games potential to be a very good multiplayer game . Its no longer worth the time or money to play .
 UO , in any of its online forms , is not an Role-Playing experience ... it 's a second job . People new to this game may get the idea that it is a seamless multiplayer environment producing adventure , fun , and numerous interactions with other players -- nothing could be further from the truth . The new player will likely see this `` game '' as a second job . One in which they log onto from 10 to 40 hours a week , to make clothes , bake bread , and build chairs . Then they take the proceeds buy equipment and adventure for one hour . Whereupon they usually lag on the system , their characters freezing . Only to be finally hacked apart by a pig or a cow . For this wonderful exercise , they get to pay the creators of UO a monthly service charge . Do n't make the investment . Do n't play this game
 I really dont like to admitt it , but I 've bought this game a while back ago.When I started playing with it , the large selection of occupation and skills were pretty impressive . When I started the game , people kept bothering me with the prize you get when you meet other players . Which was really annoying to me.Walking around aimlessly around town and getting killed isnt fun at all ! Once you die , thats it ! You become an spectre , a ghost that wanders around . You get revived from a temple and start playing again . Wow ! Is n't that the most fun anyone can have . Starting out in that game is not fun at all . Talk about lag , the game play was soooo choppy it wasnt even funny . Top-view is all right , for a game like Fallout or Command and Conquer . Even Heroes of Might and Magic was more imppressive than this.Bottom of the Line - This game can be really fun if you know what you are doing , if you are a big fan of Baulders Gate , Ice Wind Dale , this would really excite you quite well .
 This is a good game and can be fun but it dissapoints in many aspects.Here are some-1-The voice acting sucks and only vaguely relate to what the characters say in the series.2-Multiplayer mode is n't that good because the attacks -LRB- like Heero 's double beam cannon -RRB- are n't that spectacularP.S . I wish they made a game based on Gundam Wing and Endless Waltz because , in comparison to Gundam SEED , Gundam Wing although older and not as shiny has a much better storyline and much more game material than Seed . -LRB- plus the gundams look a ` lot more flashy . -LRB- especially ZERO , EPYON , ans TALLGEESE 2 .
 Pros : Plenty of games to choose fromColor screenLooks coolCons : Games are horrible , may find a couple you likeSound is horribleThe player will freeze or restart often while your playing
 Wow , im really starting to hate Bandai making some of the greatest shows turn into one of the slowest RPG 's of the year.i do n't get it , how come the DBZ graghics are perfect in bodokai 3 , but they make Inuyasha a super-deformed graphic style that could please toddlers only.Bandai if your reading this , Inusha : feudal combat better be good ...
 Inu Yasha has never been my absolute favorite -- a mild interest , but never transcending that . However , good RPGs are hard to come by , unless you 're talking about SqareSoft Games * coughFinalFantasycough * , and I was glad to find out that Inu Yasha had an RPG out . The manga was beautiful , but the anime left something to be desired , especially the despicable English dubbed version . Thus , I purchased the game.STORY : There are so many things wrong with this game ! Firstly , the storyline is completely unoriginal . Yes , there are two `` new '' character `` created specifically for the game by Rumiko Takahashi herself '' . Too bad they 're completely lacking any personality . The game developers were too uncreative to come up with a new plot using the original Inu Yasha characters , so they decided to make up new characters and simply replay the original story
 I like the show , I like anime . This game is lame ! No one can die . You can play the whole game with virtually one button . Rated T for teen ? Bull **** . Boring !
 I love all things Inuyasha . So I was very excited when I got this game . But it let me down . It 's extreamly slow , the booklet is not very helpful and I just think the characters look goofy.And I have already noticed many errors in the game . Such as if you choose the male character he is refered to as a `` she '' the whole time . I collect anything to do with Inuyasha . But as much as I hate to say it . I think I may be taking this game down to the game exchange . I agree with the others who said spend your money on the PS1 Inuyasha game instead . This game is not even close to what I had expected it to be .
 This game is really one of those games that you want to break in half . There is about 25 hours of gameplay . The graphics are very very poor . Pathetic dialogue
 Perhaps I 'm too old -LRB- lol , 23 - old ?! -RRB- ... perhaps I 've been jaded by bad plotlines in the Inuyasha fandom -LRB- from fanart to fanfiction to filler episodes that seriously lacked -RRB- but I 've had my time in RPGs , and this game made me yawn . I adore Inuyasha , but from the moment I turned this game on , the only thing I could think was ... `` Wow , how UNORIGINAL . `` I think that if I were still in my early teens -LRB- which - I think - is the average age of the Inuyasha fan ? -RRB- I would have enjoyed this game more , but it was n't very engaging , the `` animated '' dialogues made me wince -LRB- for a PS2 game , I think they could have done a BIT more with the movement at least ... -RRB- I 've just seen too many games that had better composition and more detailed design to be able to give any good points about this game.Sorry guys , but unless you 're looking to collect all things Inuyasha , this game is n't quite worth buying . The best suggestion would be to rent it first to see for yourself .
 When I got this game , I was thinking it was going to be a really good game since I like InuYasha a lot ! When I got it , it wasnt as good as I thought at all ! It has a glitch in , if you flee too much the screen will go black and it will get all messed up and the only way to get out of it was to re-start the game . The fighting take awhile to do , every 5 sec . there is a battle and they take so long . Then if you try to flee them the game will get all messed up . That was the first bad thing , the second was how easy the bosses where . The bosses were no harder then the ones I fought at the begining of the game . They were so easy all the way through . The fighting in the game was really boring , and long , and easy . The only good thing about it was that the story-line was good and the people look funny , because they are so small . I would just recomend renting the game if you really want to play , it isnt worth the money . I wouldnt recommend this game to a person younger than 14 , for cussing , and sexual humor .
 Purchasing it from Amazon was great . The game came on time and was in perfect shape . The problem with this game is that it is only about 30 hours of gameplay . As a person who plays video games alot , I finished it in less than a week . Also , the graphics on the game left much to be desired . It was like I was playing one of my Gamecube games rather that Playstation . Truthfully they could have done much better .
 I have never read a better review for a game than the one that `` Your Shoe `` Y.S.P '' made for this game . I have only heard of Inuyasha by reputation but I have never really had the chance to see it . I bought the game thinking that it could get me started and give me a that head-start for the series . The begining of the game looks like a mini clip from an anime -LRB- which it was nice , probably the best moment of the game -RRB- until you get sent back in time . Anywayz , I 'm not an RPG fan but I love FF and Kingdom Hearts . This game , on the other hand , was really a waste of time . What really did it for me was the very frequent battles . Something that could take you maybe 30 min . it now takes 3 freakin hours because every 5 sec . ur doing another random -LRB- yet similar -RRB- battle.Its a very basic RPG game , with not a lot of thought put into it nor a compelling story and extremely annoying .
 And what about the graphics ???? As a strong IY fan , I was looking forward to this game.We bought it some years ago , and I 've just now gotten around to playing it a bit.I say a bit b/c I can not stand another 30 minutes of it . Deformed graphics , waaay too much talking thattakes forever , no real action . Seems geared to the very young kiddie set . I just ca n't take this seriously , but I am seriously disappointed .
 Our new xbox iglow controller broke within a week of purchase . The control knob dislodged from it 's socket and it 's useless . I would not recommend this product .
 i received the controllers in good time which made me happy ... until i opened them package up . the first controller i tried didnt work at all , i think the receiver was the problem , but either way after many attempts i decided that it just wasnt going to happen , and went to the next one . the next one at least received a signal , which made me happy ... . til i saw that the left stick was broken and leaning to the left , rendering it worthless as well . they look cool when they light up , but thats about all that worked on em . they 're garbage .
 In less than two weeks both of the controllers broke and they ca n't be used . They were very lightly used . They are poor quality .
 I loved the idea of the glowing controllers . They look cool when lit up and work pretty nicely . Except for the fact that the joysticks break off of the metal part after about 3 months . It seems to be just a cheap plastic housing that connects the joystick to the actual metal piece that moves . I received them as a gift for christmas with my xbox . I loved them . The white one broke after about 3 months , and I thought I had just gotten a bad pair of them . I bought another package and they worked great . Until they both broke . Cool idea , complete waste of money . Too flimsy and the joysticks are barely held onto the controller .
 Graphics are horrible and the gameplay is like a cheap arcade game from the mid-80 's . I do give my applause to the marketing manager in charge of selling this product . He/She did a great job on the box design . Made the game look better than it really is .
 This has got to be the worst military game I 've ever played . The best part of the game is before you even get into the game itself . The still photos of Rangers in action are the only positive thing I can say about it . Do n't let it 's low cost attract you , you get what you pay for . Save your money and buy Rainbow Six : Rogue Spear .
 I would love to know what titles are included in this Strategy 3-pack so I can choose wether I want to purchase it . If it contains some otherwise out-of-print Hasbro items I have been hunting for , -LRB- Axis & Allies Iron Blitz or Red Storm Rising or SSN -RRB- I would buy it in a minute .
 Long wait to receive . Installed . When game was played it locked up on the second screen . Seller ask to have sent back and in a few days sent me refund .
 I just started playing it and hour ago and now I beat it . So if you want something that will take you longer do not buy this game .
 Reviewer :10 year oldthis game fun in the begining but hard in the end . I bought this game a year ago and still cant figure out how to free a person !! I was extremly dissapointed , I even asked the company people to help me . But they just ignored me !! i would n't by this game if you want to find all the players .
 The product page says it is Mac/PC , the box does too , and even the disc says it is . However the Mac session is entirely missing . It looks like it was remastered/copied by someone who did n't know what they were doing , and there was no quality control/testing . If you have a Mac , you are out of luck unless you have an emulator and a copy of MS Windows.I 've contacted Atari technical support , no answer as yet , if/when they respond I 'll update this review .
 Let me preface my review by saying that I know what a good RPG should be . I grew up on classics like Shining Force , Phantasy Star , and the original Final Fantasy 's , as well as newer classics like Morrowind and World of Warcraft . Legend of Heroes II is not a good RPG.The story follows two kids from a small village as they visit five shrines scattered across their world on a right-of-passage pilgrimage . Along the way they find that they are following in the footsteps of the Moonlight Witch , who 20 years ago made doomsday prophecies that are now coming to pass.The story is actually pretty good , as are the sound and graphics , but the gameplay is boringgggg . Essentially you talk to a person at city A , who tells you to go to city B ; on the path leading to city B you encounter monsters -LRB- which you can easily avoid -RRB- . Finally reaching city B you talk to another person who tells you to go to city C , and so on . There are no quests , there is no need to level your characters -LRB- as there are no bosses and you gain new magics only by visiting new shrines -RRB- , and at any given time there is only one available path.Like to play an RPG with a large world you can explore ? Tough , you 'll have to follow the path.Like to explore side-quests and search for hidden items ? Tough , there are n't any.I 'm halfway through the game and ca n't come up with any compelling reason to finish it . ~ 80 % of the gameplay is spent in tedious dialogues with characters , which would be acceptable if the other 20 % was rewarding , but the other 20 % is spent traveling to the next set of tedious dialogues . Legend of Heroes II is more like a painfully slow cartoon than a rewarding RPG.I 'll likely sell this game and continue on in my search to find a good RPG for the PSP .
 Looked awesome but was watered down , spaded and given horrid controls to the point of no return . This sucks .
 The PS2 version might have been `` playable '' , but the PC version of this sorry excuse of a game is awful . The controls suck ... the graphics are terrible unless you have a $ 300 graphics card , and the overall gameplay is boring , slow and absolutely mind numbingly stupid !
 This game does not work , major issues with compatablity , controls , graphics , you name it ... . a big mistake !
 This one is a turkey that should be avoided by all but the rawest of beginners , and even for them , there is probably something better than this software . The software seems to be one or two generations behind in its technical prowess , and makes minimal use of any simulation or animation techniques . In fact , it is organized much like a multi-tiered menu of simple , mostly static instruction pages reminiscent of any decent `` learn to sail '' hardcover book . In many cases one has to click his way back up a menu in order to enter another branch . The terminology is not always standard USA , and there is no alternative vocabulary . The graphics are primitive , but that would n't be so bad if one could actually TRY some stated principle to see what happened . Skip this one and look for another piece of software . You can also buy a wonderful hardcover copy of Chapman 's for less money !
 The first thing I noticed was the primative computer graphicsemployed by the writers . The `` stick figures '' and linedrawings did not motivate or maintain my interest very long . The disk is new and should employ new graphic techniques . Most of the content defined sailing terms that can be read in any book on sailing . eg . Chapter 8 of Chapman Piloting-Seamanship and Small Boat Handling . I estimate that less than 10 % of the disk allowed the user interactive participation . The user guide which accompanies the disk asked the viewer to use the help button to obtain any assistance . I found this lacking because when I tried to find out how their unique wind direction indicator worked , there was nothing on the help pages ... I do not recommend this disk as an aid to learning how to sail .
 this game was by far the most boring game I 've ever played . the graphics are n't horrible , but they are n't very good either . the vehicle physics are absolutely impossible , no matter how fast you go , the ATV will not jump , it just drives up a hill and immediatly goes back down it , like it were an amusement park ride that ca n't leave the track . If ATVs really did this , the driver would be thrown off into the air , and the ATV would have to weight 4,000 tons . Also , you ca n't make riders fall offf the ATVs , even if you smash head on at maximum speed , unless you go into the game file and alter something , and even still it 's a pretty stupid and unrealistiv fly off the ATV . When you turn , it turns 10 times as much as you anted to turn , even if you just lightly tap the arrow key . If ATVs really took the smallest turn you can in the game you would roll it over , but in the game , it just sticks to the ground o matter what . To sum it up , this game i unrealistic , boring and stupid . Don 's waste your money .
 Put this one on your must-avoid list . It does n't matter what price they charge for this turkey , it would be too much . It 's a total wash from start to finish . The graphics are laughingly bad , and the vehicle physics ... well , WHAT vehicle physics ? Your ATV moves like it 's glued to the ground , and there are no spills no matter how fast you run into something . There is a variety of play modes , but all of them are repetitive and boring . Stay away !
 I own just about every car and motorcycle game there is . In terms of quality I would put Motocross Madness 2 at the top and this game at the absolute bottom . If I could give it less than one star , I would . It 's hard to imagine that anyone would sell a game this primitive today , especially at the price they ask . In addition to the bad graphics and physics , it would not allow me to use my favorite motorcycle controller -LRB- Microsoft Freestyle Pro -RRB- so I ended up using the keyboard . How bad is that ? Save your money .
 I downloaded a demo of this game before I was going to buy it and it -LSB- is bad -RSB- ! The atv does come off the ground but not very much , and try to imagine the worst possible arcade racer , and you know how when you steer it is extremely jerky well thats how it is in this game pretty bad . Search for the demo first if you like that then buy the POS !
 If you have a very old computer , it might be useful , but will not download on my year old laptop
 It was only good for earlier versions of Windows . Had to be careful to read small print . Not forgiving on this issue . My last product was easy . I just loaded into the machine , no numbers required . It cost more to ship it back . Who would have thunk it was for an early version . I threw it out I am disappointed that i was not more careful , and they would not send me a better version , but sheese , Windows 98 !
 As a stand-alone game for one player , Scrabble * ONLINE * -LRB- !!! -RRB- looks great and works well . The mini-games are fun too . This is not a bad game at all.If you want to play Scrabble * ONLINE * -LRB- !!!! -RRB- with friends or family , especially those overseas who miss playing the greatest wordgame of all time with their loved ones , then I highly recommend you LOOK ELSEWHERE !! This game is garbage . With a clean install of Windows and Scrabble * ONLINE * -LRB- @ # * & # @@ !! -RRB- , my online game with Gamespy crashed or was so slow as to prove unusable -LRB- the mouse hardly moved ... very frustrating -RRB- . I did my research and read the README file . I took down my firewall ; in Windows XP this is relatively easy , so no problem . Then I downloaded a `` retail patch '' from the atarisupport website . After all that , the game is STILL garbage.I have yet to play an online game with Scrabble * ONLINE * .
 After I was unable to make my original Scrabble game work on my XP SP2 computer -LRB- black screen , had to reboot every time I tried to run it -RRB- , my husband gave me this version for Christmas.I have played this version three times . The first and third times , it crashed in the middle of a game . 66 % crashes ??? On XP ??? I have no other problems with other games or software , and have worked in IT for over 12 years , so I do n't believe this is my or my computer 's wrongdoing.As other reviewers said , it 's insane that you have to click OK every time it 's your turn ; apparently this is the creators ' idea of a `` pause '' function , because there is n't one of those.I actually think this was a complete waste of money , because I ca n't see myself playing a game that crashes 2/3 of the time.If anyone has suggestions on getting the original version to work , I 'd be glad to hear them -LRB- aside from having it run as other versions of Windows -RRB- .
 Very disappointing . All I wanted was to have a Scrabble version where I do n't have to change my computer colors to 256 . However , after adding some better music and background pictures , they 've done away with a lot of functionality of the old -LRB- 1996 -RRB- game . For example , if you play against the computer , you HAVE TO be the first to play , unless you pass your first turn , and then you 'll be the last . You can not change the order of players . Also , when you play against the computer , you CAN NOT turn off the Auto Challenge feature . So , if you accidentally press Enter , and what you 've put on the board until then is not a valid word , you lose your turn . That 's it . The `` good old '' version used to just throw your letters back and tell you what word was not valid . One time , I had the dictionary open to find out if what I had on the board was valid , and when I pressed Enter to find out the definition -LRB- like it usually works -RRB- , it took my word on the board instead , and since it was not valid I lost my turn even though I had no intention of playing that word . I also agree with a previous reviewer , that having to press OK every time it 's your turn , is very annoying . Basically , a huge frustration , since I used to use the functions previously available . I have n't tried to play online , I 'm too mad to try and get even more frustrated . I 'll probably turn back to my 1996 Hasbro version . Too bad Atari had to screw it up !
 Ever since reading Stefan Fatsis ' book , Wordfreak , over two years ago , I 've been hooked on Scrabble and preparing myself for the club and tournament scene . This looked like the first Scrabble product to offer a tournament-like experience and a range of training activities . But this game is a sore disappointment . ** Dispite the misleading advertisments on the product , you ca n't actually have an online tournament , you can have tournament style matches online , but its not an actual tournament . ** No one is playing online !! Everytime I log on , few people are playing , and several ca n't host a game because they are behind a firewall -LRB- Atari provides instructions to allow you to play behind the firewall , but they do n't work -RRB- . ** The game 's record keeping functions are less than stellar - it does n't always record your online tournament games properly -LRB- some count towards your rating and others do not , for no apparent reason -RRB- . Offline ratings are also questionably recorded . ** The minigames are fun and challenging , but not really a good way to prepare yourself for more competitive Scrabble . ** The computer 's skill level seems dumbed down - chances are a given player is 2 or 3 notches up the scale for computer opponents than they think they are.OVerall , it 's a disappointment . If you desperatley need computer Scrabble , its alright , but stick to the box game version if you 're a diehard nut like myself : -RRB-
 I play Scrabble Online every day against the computer . I do have fun playing the actual game , but have a couple of problems that are extremely frustrating . I 'd say overall that Scrabble Online is better than nothing if you have to have a computer Scrabble game . But there might be better products out there if you know where to look . -LRB- I do n't . -RRB- Problem # 1
 I received a gift card from my son and so I started looking for a scrabble game that I wanted to work better with my Windows XP . So I found the Scrabble Online from Atari . I even chose the BRAND NEW , instead of USED . I received the box yesterday , 10/2/06 , promptly installed it and played most of the afternoon , trying to get used to it . The game was very unforgiving , and I could not find a way to change the default options . It would also stop and I have to click the annoying notice in front of me so I can take my turn . My complaints are many because I found the game not enjoyable.Today I am trying to find out how to return it - who cares for this . My seller has an error on his/her email and my Comcast server wo n't send it.Lesson Learned .
 I 'm sure many FF fans reviewing the game here at Amazon.com have noticed the tremedous trend following many 5-star reviews . The spotlight reviews above , along with numerous others , are extensive reviews covering the aspects of the game and recommending this Playstation Greatest Hit . Despite the lack of effort they put in these expressive and thoughtful reviews , several indignant anti-FFV fanatics have mindlessly disapproved nearly every single 99-star review or anything that even remotely recommends this game . You know what I mean . Where it asks `` Was this review helpful ? '' Look at the numbers
 Dis game seems so holy to alot of you fan boys . Its a very long and boring game . the graphics are the worst , EVEN FOR AN OLD GAME !!!!! THESE GRAPHICS WERE NOT TOP NOTCH when they came out , where do u get that idea ????? I 'd rather play pokemon than this game .
 a very slow and boring story line that basically goes nowhere . with superslow loading times , this game is a drag . the graphics are a big drawback of this game . they arent flat and easy to look at nor are they realistic and three dimensional . they are a disaster , sorta combining a really early `` polygon '' type of rendering with a cartoony bubble faced `` protoype '' graphics . very raw and unfinished look . VERY !!! you can only use the cross to move , there is no analog function on this game . cloud is a wuss , Cidd points that out alot in the game , and rightfully so . Cid is DA MAN !!!! the characters were sooo different from each other , sorta like they didnt take the time to make characters . lets make a big black man , a red lion , a jumbo puff , a big t * tted girl , etc. ... The summons are ok , but some look lame , almost half of the summons loook very lame . shiva looks stiff and empty . titan was a lame summon . odin looks like a hobbit with horns . 3 bahamuts , oh gosh , too many dont u think ? well , an overall bad ff title .
 The graphics are HORRIBLE . The characters look like raisinettes . The summons are poorly rendered , just compare Odin from ff7 to the the Odin from ff8 , the one from ff7 -LSB- is ugly -RSB- !!! . Aeris dies , big deal , she sucked anyway . I wish I couldve killed cloud too , hes a bag of wuss if ive ever seen one . Take some lessons from Squall you sissy Cloud . A good `` college try '' for Square , but they just didnt `` cut the mustard '' on this game . And to all you `` 5 star review hogs '' , get a life . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 although it was a cool game back in the days i guess . . but now its very lame and old . I tried to play it but i fell asleep within 20 minutes . the backgrounds are very plain and single toned color . the people look like balloon headed people . with round hands and no mouth . i stopeed playing this game cuz its boring .
 I am giving it one star cuz the music is at least very good . but thats the only bright spot . the grpahics suck , even if they are old , they suck period . super mario bros 3 has better looking graphics than this game . very unrealistic and childish game , i liked the serious tones of FF8 and FFX so much . and yes , final fantasy vii was my first rpg ever .
 okay first of all , this game like any other final fantasy is different from each other which is good but you have got to know how to divide yourself from your predecessor . This game was very good on certain standards but i Expected more . I have played every final fantasy and this one is in between the good final fantasy and the bad final fantasy . I liked this game and in fact i own this game but i was dissapointed . Overall , it is a game to check out
 So stupid even i know that . I like marshmellows but thish is sooooooooo bad i mean its soooooo bad . right strongbad ?? wha ?? pompom ate the last slice of pizza . no thats some good pizza .
 cloud the main hero of this game , is the main reason why i hated it so much . he wines and complains all thruout the game . he shrugs his shoulders at ever question thats asked of him . that big sword he uses sucks too . i liked the gunblad from squall better .
 when i got this for xmas this past year , i was excited cuz i really thought that this game would be so cool . when i started playing it i couldnt help but be annoyed by the graphics . they dont have mouths . they have balls for hands and elbows . they have smurf shoes . the look like those `` ufo 's '' they sell in japan . this game was boring too . i sold it on ebay for $ 9.97 , i bought me a lunch instead .
 i wont waste Your time , this game sucks . thank you
 I being a veteran of videogaming , have to say I 'm very excited in the recent reviews bashing this game . Final Fantasy VII is a horrid RPG game today.That being said , this game now well beyond its ' years is still the worst RPG I have ever played . Close to being the worst game ever . By todays standards , the graphics are horrid . Very ugly and every part of this game was a hackneyed look at something stupid . Your charachter goes from a centrally located city , to fortified town , to a beach resort , to an amusment park and so on and so on . At one point you end up in outerspace , -LRB- i know , `` what the heck '' ??? -RRB- . There is to much to describe in a review , lets just say there is plenty of lame places to see.The gameplay is rediculously stupid . The materia gems were a bad idea . Being able to fit elemental materia to weapons and armor allowed for great stupidity . Combo certain materia together and your charachter could attack from two to eight times in one turn -LRB- what a lame way to make the battles tooo easy -RRB- . The junction system in FF 8 is way better than the materia system . Those who perfer 8 over 7 , i congratualate u guys !!! The mini games are the worst ever for any FF . the amusment park has an arcade and rides ????? A battle arena to compete for really lame prizes . You can bet on , race and breed chocobos ????? The amount of things to do is a way to try to make up for the lack of story here . The sidequest are boring and will help your party if you complete them -LRB- very boring -RRB- . One could easily get lost.The story is not the greatest . You never really take it seriously . one of your party members is killed 1/3 way in the game , how stupid , why cant i use a phoenix down , or cast full life ????????? . The true enemy of this game is a fabio longhaired man with lame clothes . The corporate enemy is nothing more than sidetracking cannon fodder for you to level up with . I guarentee a sense of satisfaction when finally putting this game in the trash can . there is NO charachter development . Trying to make this story serious and funny at the same time , often leaves players wondering where the story is headed. , or if there is indeed a story , was there one ????? For the most part , ALOT of complaints about the story.The musical score sucks . every other ff is done better . At no point in this game does the music fit the scenario the player is currently traveling.This game got a lot of hype during its arrival . A catastrophic piece of not only gaming , but art . Every RPG made after FF7 is better . This game literally almost put square out of business . Those who had this game from the beginning already know that Final Fantasy VII is not only a stupid game , but arguably the PSX worst of all time . A milestone , period . MUAAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!
 Ever since i played video games i have hated bill cosby because i am african american and well , everyone thinks im him or thinks its funny to ask me . oh , by the way , this game sucks . yes , final fantasy vii sucks .
 when i started playing this game , i was able to smell cloud . he smelled like cheap girlie perfume , which told me alot about this guy ... er ... character . basically cloud is always constipated and has many friends who think he has the hiccups . so you see , this game is very bad .
 ... when i should have given it like -5 stars ? this game sucks , doesnt matter if its old , i like old games too . but this game is so boring and the graphics are bad , even for an old game , bleh !!!!
 boy was i mislead by all the darn 5 star reviews here . this game is destined to be the most dissappointing rpg ever made......E-V-E-R .
 This is , in my opinion , the worst Final Fantasy game ever . First of all , the plot does not develop at all throughout the game , & seems rather static until near the very end . And then even around the end of the game , where usually the story takes a huge turn for the worse through some sort of a shocking revelation -LRB- apparent throughout most of the FF series -RRB- , this situation is just dumb , & the plan for resolution seems to be pulled out of nowhere at the end . As for the materia system , this system is -LSB- poo -RSB- & requires you to play through many redundant battles just to try to get some spells to use on the higher creatures . The push-button critical attack is also frustrating , taking some near hours to master a certain characters timing correctly . If you want a good FF game , go get FFVIII , or play through the Anthology series .
 Graphically speaking , the game stands out with its beautiful pre-rendered backgrounds . I also enjoyed the game 's amazing soundtrack . The story , however , is poorly written and character development is almost non existent . Was I given a reason to care about Aeris enough to be sad when she died ? Materia is a broken system that allows you duplicate itself as many times as you want as long as you master it , essentially giving you the ability to make all of your trivial characters the same person , sans their unique limit breaks . This game most certainly does n't deserve to be heralded as one of the best RPGs ever . As far as I can discern , the people that praise it as such must be philistines .
 i cant believe i bought this game , it sooooooooo sucks !!!!!!!
 I 've played EVERY final fantasy game , even parts 34 and 35 that came out in Ethiopia . But this game is so dumb , I hate cloud becuse he wines so much . The other caracters suck bad too . I would rather play part 19 instead of this
 The first time I turned this game on , I played for hours upon hours . FF7 is , in my opinion , the worst RPG , if not game , of all time . The graphics are lame and the storyline is even worse . Although the music is totally annoying , it 's too bad . I loathed FF7 and put 48 hours into it all to make my daddy pay . The story is about a guy named Cloud Strife who used to work for a band of porcupine raisers called LOSERS . He teams up with a group of lame-ohs called THE LOSERETTES to stop Shinra , the evil chocobo who is destroying the Earth for personal benefit , and Sephiroth , Cloud 's childhood `` partner '' . In this game , not everyone is what they seam and Cloud is a loser.The Gameplay is too damn easy to learn . The fighting is bad . they did away with the old job system -LRB- if you like the js I recommend FF34 , FF33 , or FF454 -RRB- . The final boss is easy and his Super Nova attack takes 3 porcupines away from you.FF7 is on the PS1 and is NOT in the making for a PS2 release . With lame movie graphics , lamer gameplay and a super lame storyline all about one little porcupine , this game is should be free .
 worst final fantasy ever ~ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cloud is a little guy with mchammer pants and a porcupine on his head , a yellow one in fact . he constantly urinates in his pants and thats where the minigames begin . you raise a chocobo by frying it alive then feeding it to aerith , thats how she really dies . sephiroth is really santas clause , sorry for the spoiler guys . overall id not recommend this . try playing qbert instead ,
 Well , look . play this game . dont take my word for it , youll be sorly dissappointed by the lack of game . So rent this game or borrow this game and play it . I guarantee you , youll agree this game is bad . the polygons are herondous . the story is kid friendly , and the whole game is a headache .
 I bought this game , played it , and beat it . Im glad i played it cuz it made me thank squaresoft when they made final fantasy 8 . Final Fantasy 7 has the worst graphics and the lamest story line of all the final fantasies ive played . Yes , it is overhyped as u have read , and very overrated too . the story is predictable and the graphics , oh no !!!! legos invaded my final fantasy game ! the graphics stink . Cloud the hero , is very lame . the cast of characters is alright . This game will bore u to death , seriously will . In my opinion , Final Fantasy VIII is the best final fantasy on Playstation 1 .
 this game is not too good . basically it was made to make final fantasy 8 better . this game has alot of quirks that make playing it very boring and long . u get stuck in walls sometimes and the translation is bad . sometimes ur character blends in into the background . just so many errors in this game . the gameplay is slow . the only thing cool is that its very cheap , but i wouldnt recommend it . try final fantasy 8 instead .
 after playing final fantasy 8 and 9 and 10 i decided to play the `` grad-daddy '' of the new final fantasy games . i had heard so much praise about final fantasy 7 . But to my dissappointment , this game didnt deliver . I dont know why this game gets 5 star reviews . i would give it a 2 but i was just really bored with the game . i think it was due to the deformed characters and the lame plot .
 I think this game has alot of fans , but that DOESNT make the game good . In other words , this game is very bad and boring .
 i remember when i got this game in my x-mas stocking last year . i felt so bad . i was good all year and santa gave me this lame game . i remembered i cried all xmas day and like for 3 weeks afterwards . how could santa give me such a bad game ???? final fantasy 7 is the worst game ever made . the grafix looks really bad , sorta like big slices of oranges with eyes . cloud , the main hero , has a sword that looks like a pencil , even has an eraser on it tooo , how lame !!! i wrote to santa this year and he promised me not to give me and final fantasy 7 stuff this year , and i was happy . alot of people hate this game cuz to beat it you have to pay -LSB- ... -RSB- to get the code to unlock the 4th disk . i know u only get 3 disks , but to really beat it you have to buy the fourth one . my dad bought it for me and it sucked . basically in the fourth disk , you have to try to chop a mog into the shape of a catterpillar . i wish santa would have given me a big lump of coal instead . : -LRB-
 no , this game is not the best final fantasy game ever . and definitely not the best game ever , its not a gem either . its rather mediocore and dull . its like plain vanilla ice cream without the vanilla taste .
 ok , I just got a PS2 and i did n't have any games for it so i looked at the bestsellers that were in my price range , and i ended up getting FF7 . Well i popped it in and started it up . 5 min . later , i was fast asleep . this game was made 5 years ago and a lot have changed , but all the characters looked like blocks running around . when i woke back up , i tried saving the game , which was n't possible for me because i did n't have a PSX memory card , so now i have to start from the beggining every single time . now for the storyline , what is it ? should n't you know what it is at the beggining of the game ? the main character `` cloud '' i think his name is , seems fairly ignorant . and the setting that he runs around in makes it hard for you to see where he is most of the time , some stages make you wonder why it 's there . I do n't suggest buying this game , do something better with your money rather than buying this game .
 The game is outdated and very lame . i thought the reviewers comment of the `` mc hammer suit '' for cloud was true ! He does look like an M.C. hammer look a like with his baggy purple pants and shirt . LOL ! what i wouldve changed about this game would be the graphics and the story , so basically all of it .
 I wish this game was funner , but the story was sooo boring and the graphics so outdated , that it really was a chore to finish this game . the ending was a rip off , seriously , i played like 50 hours and this ending just sucked !!! OVERRATED !
 The graphics just really bothered me , and the game was no fun . i really hope they dont make another game like this one
 not as good , not nearly as good as ff8
 Final Fantasy VII . A game that recieved so much hype for one reason and one reason only ... it was the first Final Fantasy for Playstation after Square broke off ties with Nintedo . So everyone was waiting for it . The game play is very boring , and the graphics are very bad , yes very bad . The plot is good guy saves world , whoptie-doo . The story lacks direction and closure . This is the weakest Final Fantasy of the newer `` post-nintedo era '' stop defending this game when u know its not as good as the hype . FINAL FANTASY TEN ROCKSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!
 yes , all overhype . I played this game and finished it . its subpar to final fantasy 8 . the story is not good . the blocky figures really are badly rendered . Dont buy this game from what people tell you UNLESS you like the final fantasy series because u will sorely be dissapointed . a character -LRB- aeris -RRB- dies in the game ... u can use phoenix downs on dead characters during battle to revive them ... but u cant revive this dead character -LRB- aeris -RRB- in the plot ... BIG STORY PROBLEM THERE ! Sephiroth is not a great villan . Bowser from super mario is a greater villan than this joke . Because it was the first final fantasy rpg on playstation coupled with the fact that rpgs was a little known genre in the video game world before this game came out , im supposed to give it 5 stars ??? if u wan na start playing a final fantasy rpg game , start with final fantasy 8 , the graphics and plot are 100 % better and wont bore you like this game .
 there is no doubt , this is the WORST game ever made in the history of video gaming . i 've had it for 4 long and horrid years and am still not the least bit interested in it . this game is a true disaster . even with the atari 2600 , and NES , ect . this game is the worst . please burn it !!! you will see how truly lame this is
 Look at most of the 5 star reviews , they basically just defend the game rather than reviewing it . So you cant really trust those reviews . Secondly , this game DID NOT sell more games than final fantasy 8 . final fantasy viii easily outsold this game . ok , the graphics do really suck . the story is very typical about a one person out to save the world plot . This game has a character that basically dies off 30 % into the game , so u waste all this time trying to build this character up and then you can no longer use her . the ending is very short and lame . this game really let me down , i was expecting so much more from it since i had heard of how `` great '' it was . I think most of the people out there cant devote 50 + hours to an outdated rpg . i mean , there is a big jump in visual graphics from FF7 to FF8 , that is very obvious . this isnt a level by level game , like castlevania or supermario brothers where one can enjoy a quick romp thru a nostalgic game , this is a 50 + HOUR GAME !!! who wants to devote that much time to such an outdated and graphically handicapped game ???? so stop whining about the 1 star reviews , and just admit gamers are disullusioned with this game . Enough said .
 check out what hes wearing for goodness sakes ! hes so super lame !!!!!!! i bought this game at this second hand store , where they had a whole shelf of just final fantasy 7 games . i asked them why they had so many and they said cuz the game sucks . i said , `` oh , youre right '' . so they didnt even charge me the game . in fact they told me if i can bury all thier final fantasy 7 games in my back yard , but i said , i dont bury trash in my back yard , so i took all the games to the city dump where i burried them dare . this game sucks .
 well , this game is sorta boring . and the graphics are bad . I liked final fantasy 9 the best but this game is really bad . sometimes they say things that dont make sense . and theres a lot of spelling errors in the game too . ive seen better graphics on N64 games . after finishing my game , i dontated it to the local Salvation Army store , thats how bad it is .
 Sorry , i from japan . so please listen me . First i take pants of for me to talk , ok ? no pants off , so i say this game is very so bad . that is all .
 I know , i know , but seriously , this game is so overrated . this game is # 7 at gamespy 's list of most overrated games of all time , and i have to agree . this game sits sorta in the middle of all final fantasy games . This is my review so its my opinion and i dont think this game is great and if you 're new to the genre , and try to play this game , you 'll agree that this game goes nowhere fast .
 FF VII is one of the lamest FF 's compared to FF 8 & FF 10 -LRB- though FF 10 is the best by far for F/X -RRB- . I know it 's hard for people to go back and play this game after the HUGE change over in FF 10 and Kingdom Hearts . This is a game that should have been trashed over and over again . Most parts of the plot are still confusing but when I played FF 8 I thought it was extremly dramatic , charaters well developed and music poetic . What I 've noticed is people are either a huge fan of FF VIII and not of FF VII , or a fan of FF X and not of FF VII.I hate FF VII for different reasons , YET FF VII is still by far the best WORST and the story line of FF VII does not even touch FF VIII 's story line.Lame music -LRB- not CD/symphony quality -RRB- Lame CharactersSorry VilliansStupid Story lineWorst graphics -LRB- no where near FF 10 -RRB-
 the most Ugliest game ever made , , seriously folks , very ugly game . the graphix sucks . and cloud looks like a doll . WORst Game EVER !!!
 THE best game ever !!!!!!!!!!! i really like Nora , shes so cool !!!!!
 when my friend let me borrow this game he told me to trash it cuz it sux , so i played frisbee with it . this game does suc .
 The most messiest final fantasy game ever created . the graphics stink . totally bad . the ending was so short and made NO sense whatsoever . very ugly game .
 Well , let me start off by saying that i have played this game and finished it . boy , that was a good 50 + of my life that i wasted . i went to confession and asked my priest for forgiveness for wasting those hours of my life like that . I hate this game , ESPECIALLY Cloud , ugh , what an annoying guy . his limit breaks sucks ! Squall 's were way more cool than this guys . they all look like hot air ballooned-faced kids . the graphical presentation based on character design is an utter dissapointment ... . A TOTAL DISASTER . They look SOOOO bad , and even all u ff7 lovers know it , the graphics stink , and dont say , `` oh , this is an old game , '' pffft . they tried this polygon graphics crap and it backfired . The story ??? ... guy saves world , totally unique , eh ? Sephiroth , what a wuss , he looks like a goth kid or something . . oh . . wait ... a goth kid with a Pantene shampoo endorsement , this guy takes wayyyyyyyyy to much care of his hair for a guy , looks like Fabio for goodness sakes . Let me see ... what else ... oh ... Cloud has like an enormous sword and he has purple exercise suit on with puffy mc hammer pants . hes a rebel too , cuz he spikes his hair -LRB- rolls eyes -RRB- . You know what ? Final Fantasy is super stupid yo , peace out gee 's . fo ' real . im out .
 It had barley any Fantasy in it . There were no evil Emporers or Castles or Multi colored haired people or something a little out of this world . plus the magic was like a piece of clothing , you put it on , or off . This is just my veiw of things . : -RRB-
 While it may be true that Final Fantasy VII definitely started a whole new phase of RPGs and video gaming in general , I think this is one of those instances where we need to kind of wake up and smell the fresh coffee . Let 's face it ; FFVII is old news . Many people still praise the glory of the more recent titles as they should , but the conversation always tends to fall back on FFVII , a game that receives far too much undeserved praise.Let 's take a little look into the game , shall we?Okay , first off , the graphics -- What is so appealing ? I personally prefer the updated graphical stylings of the first six games rather than a bunch of blocky , lego-esque people -LRB- actually lego people look a lot more realistic than that -RRB- with no facial expressions whatsoever . FFVII 's predecessor , FFVI , was rich with far more detail in its 2D , pixelated environments than this eyesore . Yes , I realize , FOR ITS TIME , it may have looked great ; but that was before bigger and better things came along and blew it into the dust.Storyline -- I do n't know about anyone else , but the plotholed , still-in-revision feel to this game left me feeling rather empty by the end . I think the main reason I bothered to finish this game at all was simply because I 'd hoped there might be some clarification on a few events that seem to fit jaggedly in with the rest of the puzzle , but of course instead of getting that , I get roughly five minutes or so of an ending that resolves nothing . Yes , we 've got good ol' Advent Children out now , but that 's only after masses of raging fanboys and fangirls overwhelmed Square with the notion that FFVII was the cream of the crop , so they decided they 'd throw something together with some catchy graphics to tide them all over , when really , the movie does nothing to help resolve anything . Oh , and let 's not forget , in a series called `` Final FANTASY '' , we 're dealing with a world very much like our own , where an evil corporation is sucking the life out of the planet . Wow , I really wan na play a game where its story holds very little difference from reality . Yea , props to Square for bringing Final Future Fairytale Failure to stores everywhere.Characters -- Okay , wait a sec ; I 'm supposed to give a darn about an introverted , rude , self-centered basket case , an overgrown muscle maniac who seriously needs to zip the lip once in a while , an annoying ninja who also needs to zip the lip and maybe grow up , a stupid talking robot cat , and a `` flower girl '' who `` just happens '' to be of an ancient race and `` just happens '' upon the main character -LRB- can hardly call him a hero -RRB- in the most opportune time ? Hey , how about I go outside right now ; maybe I 'll run into Bill Gates as he `` just happens '' to be passing through , and `` just happens '' to have a million dollars he does n't need and `` just happens '' to give it to me ? Come on , people . And not to mention the other characters , like Red XIII , Tifa , and Vincent do little to maintain order around the story . While those three are the only even remotely respectable characters among the cast , one of them is entirely optional , another does n't have nearly enough lines to make up for all the dim-witted things spewed from the aforementioned group , and the third is borderline as annoying as the others , save for her small lack of ditsy lines.Gameplay -- Okay , I 'll admit , this game can be fun sometimes . The music is alright , nothing to marvel over , but it does have its moments . Without being able to use the analog stick , it does become somewhat tedious , and you start to feel more like you 're maneuvering a robot through tight spaces after a while . Combat does move at an acceptably swift pace , but the summon animations get somewhat redundant after a while.Sound -- As stated before , the music is n't anything special , but there do come a few themes here and there that seem to stick out in your mind . The mechanical hiss of every sound effect and every song , however , really does start to get irritating after a while to the point where I eventually just muted my TV for a while.Overall -- I think I can honestly say , the only reason I consider FFVII good in any way is that it has its own entirely unique look and feel to it . I do n't consider it a FF game , but rather its own separate story . I think if the hype went down just a little , it would n't appear as such a spotlight stealer , but as it stands , it does have its own strange sort of charm to it that you do n't get from many other games . However , had I been exposed to the glory that was VIII and IX beforehand , this title would 've been lost in the mist for me . Upon completion of just about every other FF title , I was presented with a feeling of sincere accomplishment and completion . Not to mention , they all lingered with me for days on end afterward . But this one ? Nope . I seem to clearly recall just sort of giving a slight shrug and shutting off my system , never to play the game again after completing it . Yes it felt epic at the time , yes it felt good to finish , but that 's only because I was craving it to be over . Am I the only one completely oblivious to the hype ? Let 's be real , here ; if this game came out today , as it is , it would be nothing . If VIII had come out in its place , VIII would be all the rage on every RPG fan 's wishlists , not this . Same goes for IX . Or X. Overall , very bland and uninspiring game . I will never understand the hype , nor how it is that this game has somehow managed to gain more popularity than the likes of VI , IV , IX , X , VIII , or XII , which far outshine it in every possible regard.Save this one for the fanatics ; be a true fan and play the games that truly make Final Fantasy GREAT -LRB- I , II , III , IV , VI , VIII , IX , X , XII -RRB- . Have a great day .
 I give it 2 stars because of the graf-x . The whole plot is lame too . I liked Tifa but i think Cloud suxs as a hero , hes very lame . I liked Squall 's clothes better from FFVIII . Cloud has like purple Mc hammer pants and shirt on .
 After games like Final Fantasy 6 -LRB- or 3 in America -RRB- and Secret of Mana , I 've come to expect a lot more from Square than what was delivered . Oh , sure , it * looked * cool , but I was left feeling that 's all it did -- the storyline was rather weak , and the characterization was substandard . By the time I made it to the second disc , it was dragging so bad that I quit for a while -- I eventually dredged through the third disc , which was just sheer boredom , to reach an extended but disappointing ending . I play a game to get lost in the plot , and found it lacking here . Square 's Final Fantasy
 everyone did love this game I just did n't like it I 'm not a huge turn base RPG fan if I where though this would be a fun game it was enjoyable but very long
 very bad hero , cloud is a real zero . they all have pumpkin heads , and dress in terrible unfashionable threads . This game is awfully easy , the dialogue is terribly cheesey . I would not pay fifty cents , id rather instead paint a fence . `` best game ever ? '' you may call it , but in reality its a big brown sh.t .
 Look at most of the 5 star reviews , they basically just defend the game rather than reviewing it . So you cant really trust those reviews . Secondly , this game DID NOT sell more games than final fantasy 8 . final fantasy viii easily outsold this game . ok , the graphics do really suck . the story is very typical about a one person out to save the world plot . This game has a character that basically dies off 30 % into the game , so u waste all this time trying to build this character up and then you can no longer use her . the ending is very short and lame . this game really let me down , i was expecting so much more from it since i had heard of how `` great '' it was . I think most of the people out there cant devote 50 + hours to an outdated rpg . i mean , there is a big jump in visual graphics from FF7 to FF8 , that is very obvious . this isnt a level by level game , like castlevania or supermario brothers where one can enjoy a quick romp thru a nostalgic game , this is a 50 + HOUR GAME !!! who wants to devote that much time to such an outdated and graphically handicapped game ???? so stop whining about the 1 star reviews , and just admit gamers are disullusioned with this game . Enough said .
 after playing final fantasy 8 , this game just reeked . i dont like this game or cloud , the main `` hero ''
 Every single time a reviewer gives this `` holy '' game anything besides 5 stars , reviewers complain . I mean anything under 5 stars ... anything . The majority of the gripes is the lackluster graphics . When a reviewer gives it 1 star based on graphics ... * poof * ... a 5 star reviewer magically appears and writes a review bashing the 1 star reviewer . One can not say anything bad about this game , i mean , , not one single thing , you can not even whisper or worse yet . . allow a criticizing thought of this game pass thru your head . Almost to the extent as if it was the law or a decree from God himself . We all HAVE to like , , er ... wait ... LOVE , that 's it , WE ALL HAVE TO LOVE THIS GAME . We can not say the obvious , -LRB- the graphics really are bad , an early feeble attempt at `` 3-D graphics '' -RRB- , we can not find error in the story , we can not question the death of Aerith -LRB- why couldnt Cloud have said
 i give this game 1 star because its not a good game . here in japan me and friends think this game is not okay to play becaus it so no good . everyone hate cloud and think he is not hero , he coward . squall is best hero . arrigato gozaimasu . -- Takari .
 There is no way that VII sold more than VIII . Look at the numbers and it 'll show that VIII is the most sold Final Fantasy in N. America & maybe Japan . And another thing , people have the right to defend their favorite game . Just like I could talk about how bad `` Ulysses '' the book was because of dialouge and someone who loved the book would return explaining how it was a masterpiece because of it . Think about it . By the way even though it 's all a matter of opinion , numbers do n't lie . It sold millions of copies for a reason
 i hate this game , and i hated it when it came out . i think final fantasy 9 is a better rendition of this game . i still dont get why people like this trash of a game . so yucky and icky ! EWWW !!
 This is an awesome GAME , but the playstation version is pathetic . It 's slow and has poor graphics . If you have a decent PC -LRB- which is very likley if you are reading this review -RRB- then get the PC version . It 's especially good if you have a Voodoo card .
 Dis Iz My Fay-voh-reet gamish of all timish , fo shizzle dizzle in the hizzle wa-dizzle nizzle stizzle fo ' my ka-lizzle crizzle .
 This is the Worst games of all time . Ignore those other morons who do n`t know what they ` re talking about and trash this game .
 i thought the flying monkeys in the first disk were cool . my dad took my dog for a walk today and he said this game is cool so he cried when aerith died cuz he wanted to marry her . i want to marry red cuz i wan na have his puppies and stuff . i gave it only 1 star cuz i wished cloud would rap like mc hammer .
 u see all these overly exaggerated reviews , `` i went thru 6 copies of this game ! '' , `` the best game ever '' . well , its rather boring . try ff 8 -10 instead .
 FFVII is a role playing game where your decisions during the game will poop the overall outcome of the game . You are in control of a lame-o named Cloud , an ex member of the famed Soldier from Shinra Inc. . Cloud , along with a group of dorks fighters by the name of DORKS , try to free the city of Midgar from the evil clutches of the president of Shinra Inc. . Along the way Cloud befriends a young flower girl , a scientific experiment specimen , a fortune teller , an assasin , a ninja , and an ex pilot who help him in freeing Midgar . But there is an even deeper evil at work here as Cloud and his friends discover that the greatest Soldier in the world , Sephiroth , plans to destroy the entire world . Now with the help of his newfound comrades , Cloud must face his teenage past , and face his teenage idol in a climatic battle for the freedom of the world and the destruction of evil.Final Fantasy VII introduces a lame time based system for battle sequences . Instead of taking turns hitting each other , the time based system makes it so that you have to pee a specific amount of time to attack again . The world map lets you travel anywhere and do almost anything . With ugly cinematography and herondous graphics , Final Fantasy VII is truly the crap of the crop and the worst role playing game this world has ever seen.Bottom Line
 This is by far one of the WORST Final Fantasy games I 've played . I DO N'T reccommend this game to RPG lovers . If you like Final Fantasy , you wil HATE this game . DO N'T BUY IT NOW !!!!
 yes , lets talk about this game while playing final fantasy 8 , which is so much better than this game !
 this game is so boring , final fantasy viii is so much better .
 Hands down this is the worst RPG I have EVER played . If only . . gave the option to give it no stars ... I have almost every RPG out there -LRB- 50 + -RRB- and this one is by far the worst . The storyline was dumb and uninspired , the characters were laughable -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- , and the main boss could be killed with one hit . I like RPG 's where I can connect with the characters and a fun story line . This had neither . The story line was really what turned me off of this game , trust me , it 's not that I did not understand the story line cuz I did , it 's just that the storyline was bad and predictible . Yes I said predictible . I saw every event comming . The characters could of been the saving grace but no ... they fell miles short as well . To top it all off ... I wo n't give away the ending but I will tell you it was the worst ending I have ever seen . My best friend that LOVES the game , for so odd reason , even hated the ending . ...
 Are you joking . This is by far the WORST final fantasy in my opinion . Man , are you guys even trying anymore ? I looked at final fantasy x-2 and rented it and gosh , you cant even make a good game out of that.Man . . bad graphics , horrible gameplay , sucky battle system , hard to understand , VERY difficult to get into it , too confusing , dumbxxx characters like cloud , hes the worst . -LRB- except sephiroth -RRB- , sometimes too long of cutscenes , boring cutscenes , you can barely see their eyes & mouth , etc. etc. etc. etc. times a million.I hate this game .
 This game is a complete waste of any ones time . It suffers greatly from lack of graphics . This game would have been alot better had they put on Atari graphics rather than `` try '' to make the characters somewhat real . Square did a better job in Final Fantasy VIII with graphics . I really hate this game , it was quite boring and mundane . I 'd rather recommend you to sleep instead of playing this disasterous trash .
 I am a Nintendo carrie-over ; I loved the original Zelda . This game IS Zelda , with a face lift . In other words , I 'm not impressed . With the technological advances since the original Nintendo , they made this game look prettier -LRB- sort of - the polygons are obnoxious as heck -RRB- . Only thing they forgot was to make it fun . Boring gameplay . The fight sequences are the worst . You just push a button over and over until your character gets good and ready to fight . Woopie . If you 're in the mood to watch a movie , buy this game . Otherwise , it 's just a waste of your time . Go buy Metal Gear Solid - that 's a nice blend of gameplay and cinematics .
 although it was a popular game , i thought it was not good at all , the graphics really are bad . : -LRB-
 wow , all i can say is i like how cloud eats his ear wax and stuff . i reallly liked when aerith has tifas babies cuz tifa cant have them . the chocobos are really cool cuz they kill aeris , shes allways complaining about her feet . vincent is super cool cuz he wears his pants backwards , its so funny ! well , i dont want to give the ending away but sephiroth is really clouds daughter .
 this game is the utter definition of average , in no way is this even above average , in fact the graphics stink making it below average , the graphics suck so bad , even the 5star hungry reviewers here admit that !!! everyone that gives it 5 stars fails to give any of the cons of this game . the graphics suck , i mean they TOTALLY BLOW , like chunks . the story is so immature and laughable at so many points , even when aerith dies , you ask urself , `` why cant i use a phoenix down ? are the other characters -LRB- cloud , tifa , etc. . . -RRB- that stupid as to not mention it in the damn game ????? when u battle , u got this stat screen -LRB- shows u the characters name , hp , mp , etc. -RRB- that takes up ONE THIRD OF THE TOTALL SCREEN !!!!!!!!!!! so you battle with only 2/3 of the screen visible , how lame is that ???????? the summons as one recent review points out are sorta sad and lame . very stiff and awkward feel in them . i agree , Odin looks so funny . the Odin in ff8 , in fact all the sumons in ff8 are totally awesome . greatest hit ?? if u ask me , greatest sh_t .
 i almost threw this game away , yeah , its that bad yo . the graphics are insanely bad , INSANELY BAD ! the dialogue is so kiddy and laughable , u find urself saying , `` what ?????? how much time did they spend on writing this stuff ? '' Cloud sucks as the hero he is the lamest one next to zidane . overall a lame final fantasy game
 Well , im an amazon buyer , meaning i usually buy cds , books , and videogames from here . i buy often , very often . So i come to depend on reviews to an extent for some kind of assurance of quality and most importantly ... enjoyment , especially if its an item im not too familiar with -LRB- i.e.
 i had so much bombing in this game . basically cloud is a little boy who is looking for his dog Sniffles . his friends help him but they kill aeris , clouds sister , when she tries to steal clouds nuts . clouds likes nuts because he so nutty ^ . ^ well , when they find out that sefiroth want to start a night club , well , thats when the whole party begins . my favortie part is when sephirtoh spits out his chocobo from his hair . i also cried when bahamut zero drank the alka selter and exploded a turnip . so many cookies are here too . A + + + + !!!!!!!
 im giving this one star cuz , its so obivous that people dont reveiw the game they just say `` oh its great ! '' , so ill do the same but give it a `` ZERO '' . this game sucks .
 i hate writing reviews but in this case i will , my mom went to buy me this game and although im 45years old and still live with her , i was willing to play the game . i was really able to connect with cloud , because we , in my opinion are real losers . i thought that the relationship between cloud and Tifa was going to get wild , because i have a real fetish for videogame girl characters . i usually ...
 i give it one star because of the fact that this game has no story and the villian is very stupid as well as the hero .
 lamest story ever in a game . i think pac-man has a better plot . sephiroth a great villan ?? ... ive seen a better villan in Pong . just overall a very lame game
 I 'm not sure as to why this game has been idolized so much ... I can only assume that it is because of the fact that many people either have not played the previous Final Fantasy installments , or value cheap looking characters above solid , delightful gameplay and plot developement . I have played and beaten every single game in Square 's flagship franchise , and there is only one FF game that was weaker than this one in terms of plot and character developement . It is Final Fantasy
 A lot of people say this is the greatest game in the series . It seems a lot of `` impartial '' game review magazines and Web sites say the same thing . I ca n't judge if this is hype or if it 's just me , though.First off , I do not fault the graphics like so many people do . Those who do fault it for this reason are not true gamers . A good game transcends its own graphics . I 've said before , even if a game was 8-bit , as long as the story was enthralling , I 'd be fine . A real gamer recognizes that aspect.However , there 's a lot of this game that is bad . On to the gist of the review.A friend of mine has faulted this game as `` Final Anime . '' Truly , it did take on a lot of anime-esque themes and character personalities . I use Cloud as an example . He never grows as a character from the start of the game to the end . No , he does n't . Get over it . He is the same brooding , emo kid at the end of the game that he was when it started . Not to mention , there 's a `` huge '' reveal about his backstory on disc 2 that 's reminiscent of anime , where it diverts from the main story for episodes and episodes and does . not . die . Not to mention , the excessive flashbacks , which , I know are not new to the series , which just play up how underdeveloped the characters are.Onto the gameplay . Each character is completely indistinguishable from the others . The only differences are pixel sets and limit breaks . Magic should be based on class . In this game , every character can equip any kind of magic . Stats are so similar between characters who are supposed to be fighters and those who are supposed to be mages . There 's no distinction between them . The materia system cripples the game because anyone can be a healer or a status magic user.Sephiroth . Most definitely not the coolest villain in the series . People think he 's cool because he walked through fire with a huge effing sword . That does not equate to cool . You want a good villain ? Go with FF6 's Kefka . He actually DID destroy the world and created a religion unto himself.I fault the character development the most in this game . No one grows . No , they do n't . Deal with it . Real character development can be found with characters from FF6 like Locke Cole . He swears to himself he will never let the fate of his fiancee Rachel fall upon any of his friends.Also , Aeris is n't the first main character in the series to die . That goes to FF5 's Galuf.Give the game a shot if you 're an RPG newbie . It might hold you for a repeat , but it also might not . Take this game with a grain of salt . I own it for completion 's sake .
 I REALLY gave this game a chance , but it failed to live up to all the talk i heard . I finished it and couldnt help but feel bored . the ending -LRB- is -RRB- so bad , from beginning to end , i felt like it was like playing a really boring game . I like final fantasy 8 and 10 better .
 People say this game is good , but its not , the graphics really stink as does the story , -LRB- if u can call it a story -RRB- . I do agree that this game is very over rated .
 dont get the analogy there , this is for video games btw . This game has got to be the biggest letdown in graphics ever . i can play nes games with no complaints about graphics whatsoever , but this game just bites . the story is ment for kids too , which is not bad , but as an `` post-teen '' young adult , the story is a joke .
 why is this game so bad ? because the graphics are not bad , but they are TOTALLY HERONDOUS !!!! its no wonder the whole team that worked on Final Fantasy VII was fired . Yep , thats right , and no one here will admit it . its a little known fact . So dont buy this game , play FF6 or FF8 instead , both of those are SUPERB FF titles .
 well this isnt a real review . first of all how many gamers out there give this game 5 stars just because it was thier first final fantasy they ever played . then they write these reviews with pros and cons and they STILL manage to attack the cons . i mean , can they really give an unbiased review ??? i think not . they dont want to admit this game has bad graphics . they made the characters look like stuffed animals , with no mouth or noses , just big eyes . the hands and legs are attached to the body with a ball , sorta like those old 80 's toys . They dont look real , and they TRIED to make them real , thats the whole gripe about the graphics here . They shouldve just stuck to some simplar graphics . You can acutally lose your character on the world map , its gets meshy and almost camouflaged -LRB- i know i misspelled it -RRB- . The story , like another reviewer pointed out , is the same in all final fantasies
 this game has got to be the most overhyped game in recent history . its so average . soooooooooooooooooooooo average . have u guys played xenosaga ??? i think Albedo is the utimate villian , he makes sephiroth look like a dweeb . LOL ! final fantasy 8 is the best on the original playstation . did i say that ff7 sucks ?? oh , it sucks !
 Well , honestly ive played all the final fantasy games from # 1 thru FFX-2 so far . I havent played ALL the final fantasy games ever made . Just the ones in the main series , you know , with the roman numerals after them . What I can say is some people are so oversensative about games , man ... why ??? First of all some of these reviews are funny as heck . I dont have a problem with them `` venting '' out this way . I didnt make the game , im not losing money from the reveiws . Secondly , I didnt play these games in sequence . I did play Final Fantasy 8 and 9 before I played 7 . I was let down . I think its such an AVERAGE final fantasy game . Why is Sephirtoth so great ????? He wasnt `` evil '' for me , maybe `` annoyingly bad '' at best . I think one reviewer got it right , let me quote him/her
 i have to agree , with previous reviewers , this game is overhyped . i like the final fantasy series , but this game is just plain lame . i cant belive they might make a sequal to this game for the portable playstation coming out , but at least it wont be on the ps2 , i dont think it deserves to come out on the PS2 platform . ff6 is still the best .
 This game 's so boring it makes you doubt your intelligence , it also has the worst ending in the series .
 this game looks like moving legos and the story is pretty much a bucket o ' vomit . worst final fantasy game E-V-E-R .
 honestly , this game is so overrated , not to mention , boring to play , not recommended .
 um ... the story is very predictable , the translation really is bad , the story is bland , the characters are ok , and the ending is so so bad ! i mean , really , after finishing a game and devoting 50 + hours , u get this very lame ending . i wouldnt buy this game . i wasnt moved nearly as much as i was with final fantasy 8 , now theres a game ! if i put the recent final fantasies in order from greatest to worst , this would be the worst . ...
 the object in writing a review is to inform others of the overall aspect of the game , not to defend it like as if it was part of your heart , which is what alot of people do with this game . this game is extremely overhyped . i finished the game , the ending sucks , the story sucks , , , overall disappointing game , i felt it was a chore to beat this game . I HIGHLY recommend final fantasy viii if u want an earlier ps final fantasy game . And do urself a favor and dont buy this game .
 Basically I did not like the fact that you ca n't move your character when in a fight . All you do is select the type of attack and press a button to perform it . However , I just bought the game so hopefully it will get better which I doubt .
 I dont like this game and have to say that alot of people do give it 5 stars just cuz it was the first final fantasy on playstation . the graphics are very ugly , they look like big balloon faced cartoons . thier hands are bubbles and they had to make each character look COMPLETLEY different to be able to tell whos who in the game screen , -LRB- its that bad of graphics -RRB- . Odin looks like a elf with horns , titan looks like a giant mad man , and they had to make 3 ... YES ... 3 forms of bahamut , those are just some examples of how desperately lacked originallity . the summons in final fantasy 8 are so much original and better . This game is more for kids . final fantasy 8 delt with a more mature theme and more serious looking characters as well as overall game . I highly DONT recommend playing this game , if ur gon na start playing a final fantasy game , start with Final Fantasy 8 instead :D .
 Boy , let me tell you , this games is seriously bad . The characters suck , Cloud is the worst hero in any FF games . I dont see how you kids like this game ? I have played Final Fantasy 8 and its so superior to this game . I even hated FF9 and i still think its better than this game . Very boring ... VERY BORING GAME . Worst Final Fantasy game in the series , hands down .
 oh just in case you didnt realize , that '' _ '' is an `` i '' . but this game is very overratedly overhyped . yeah , i know , bad english , but u know what ? ... this is a bad game. , bad as in lame .
 not very good , very boring and mundane game , try final fantasy 8 instead .
 The extremely overused reference as `` the greatest game ever '' , is just that , overused . This game is a fun game , but not the best rpg . The game is full of story problems , the game is extremly short for an rpg , and is very easy when compared to the Final Fantasy VIII . Aeris -LRB- Aerith -RRB- dies ?? lol , why couldnt they use a Phoenix Down on her ????? sheesh ! i bought this game after playing ff8 and ff9 . i wanted to know what all the hype was about . the game is fun , yeah it is . the graphics are very good considering the year the game came out 1997 in the states . the equip and magic , materia stuff is very easy to master , extremely easy !!! , no challenge there . the characters are funny , very much intended for a younger audience , although the language is sometimes a bit harsh . This game is full of mini games , something an rpg needs nowadays to make the game a bit less repetitive i guess . FF8 had only 1 mini game , the card game , and i didnt find it needed more . but with ff7 , its so short u do need the extra games and quests . Cloud annoyingly shrugs alot , that got old fast . Overall a fun game but very simple to beat . If u want a more challenging game in the Final fantasy series , Final Fantasy 8 is it . Final Fantasy 8 is longer , realer , more difficult and intended for a more mature audience .
 An `` OK '' game . It was groundbreaking when it came out , but it 's a game that outlived its welcome . The biggest reason why this game is still considered the greatest is because of how innovative it was . There is no denying that . However , the gameplay is difficult . You WILL get lost . You WILL get confused . It 's inevitable . There 's no aids to helping you if you 're lost . I 've actually had to start the game over twice because what was supposed to be happening never did . It 's an alright game if you 're bored . But there are WAY better RPG 's on the PS1 . Legend of Dragoon , for example .
 When me and my husband purchased these cup coolers we thought they would come assembled , but to our surprise they didnt . We were terribly dissapointed in the lack of cooling degrees it had . Our drinks do not even chill , but remain usually at room temperature . I dont recommend these cups .
 THIS GAME IS SO COOL I GIVE IT 5 STARS !!!
 For years now , gamers have said that this is one of the greatest games ever made.I just do n't understand why they think that is.Even for it 's time , it was pretty dull and boring in my opinion.I remember dropping 50 bucks on this game when it first came out back in 1997 , and being very dissapointed with it.The main problems I have with this game are the graphics -LRB- except the cinematics -RRB- , the gameplay and some other elements.One of the main things that I hated about FF7 is , there is absolutley NO speech in this game at all.You have to read everything that the characters are saying.It gets very iratating VERY fast.All you do is read , read , read ... and read some more.The combat system is way beyond confusing.It 's all about they hit you , then you hit them , then they hit you with a strong attack and almost or completly kill you.The only good thing I can say about this game , is the cineamatics are beautiful.They are very nice to watch , but the characters and surrounding areas are very blocky looking ... Overall , I give FF7 a two .
 All right , listen up all you so-called video game `` experts '' and `` critics ! '' Let me give you the lowdown on Final Fantasy VII.For the past year , I have stood by Final Fantasy VII saying that it is the best RPG ever created . I was wrong . It WAS the best RPG ever created in 1997 . When FF VII first came out on the PSX it was said to be the best game ever put on the PSX . They were right . When it was released in '97 the graphics in the game blew away the graphics of previous games and later games . The storyline itself was gripping and although it had it 's dull moments , it culminated in a spectacular finish.Now I think the reason that most of you think this game sucks is because it has been 7 years , 7 YEARS !! since this game hit the shelves and every year we see new games and flashier graphics . And you DARE compare this game to a PS2 GAME !!!! It 's just not fair . The capabilities of the PSX could never , in a million years , rival that of the PS2 's capabilities . It 's just not gon na happen.Other than that this game is tolerable considering today 's standards . But they will never be able to compete with FF VII 's soundtrack , it is beyond competition.OUT !
 THIS GAME IS SO GOOD THATS WHY IM GIVING IT ONLY 1 STAR BECAUSE IT IS THE ONE GAME TO CHANGE MY LIFE , I MARRIED A GIRL NAMED TIFA AND MY FRIENDS NAMES ARE YUFFIE , CID , VINCENT , AND BARRELL , IM SO COOL CUZ IM SO INTO THIS GAME AND YOURE NOT , THIS GAME CHANGED MY LIFE SO IM GIVING IT ONE STAR !!!
 I have to admit , i like the newer final fantasies better , this one has very bad graphics and the story is for teens , not really a final fantasy for adults . The story is very `` comical '' not real or heartening like in Final Fantasy 8 and 10 . The characters are Polygon-like graphics which really bother me cuz they not only look bad but move badly too . It was a nice try for Square , but it just didnt cut it .
 These pants are NOT what theyre sizes say . i ordered a medium and got a large with a medium tag on it . this happended to my sister too . dont get these pants . what i did was go to walmart and picked up some very similar ones .
 I dont like this game . Personally I like the games with better Graphics and story like Final fantasy x and x-2 and Xenosaga . I like rpgs and rainbow six games too .
 A guy with an abnormaly large sword and 2 Magical Orbs -LRB- Materia -RRB- trying to stop the Most powerful company in the world -LRB- ShinRa -RRB- AND the Unhumanly powerful Sephiroth ? HELL NO ! I dumped my SNES and turned on this and went like Dis --------- > * o * Purely Awesome . If you 've got a PSX , Go get it . I wrote a 1 star so you would read it .
 Dumb ! It 's a bunch of spiky haired teenagers running around trying to fight and idiot named Sephiroth and a stupid electricity company . Sephiroth is stupid because he has WHITE HAIR ! No I really mean it ! WHITE HAIR ! It does not deserve to be called a video game , and I hate anyone who likes it . The focus on the story is so much that the gameplay sucks . The turn based fighting is the absolute opposite of strategic . I HATE THIS **** GAME!Well , the main reason I hate this game is that they focus WAAAYYYYY to much on the story . They thought about gameplay last .
 If you 're going to play a Final Fantasy game , stick with the best
 Final fantasy 7 is an okay game for me , I 'd recommend legend of legaia . A much more easier , and less complicated game . I couldnt even get past the first level in ffvii ! I needed to buy a strategy guide to walkthrough all the levels until I had finally got to the last level . Instead of ffvii , i would recommend people to buy Legend of legaia . . A great game and great graphics !
 Like the title says , this game is a major disapointment . Do n't get me wrong , gameplay is great and it 's easy to pickup and go . Lot 's of monsters and great characters but one thing is standing in the way of it being a five star winner . This is about to be a spoiler so do n't read any further if you care.Aries dies in the middle of the game and from that point on , everything leads you to believe that you could bring her back to life at some point in the game but this is n't true , actually , it 's half true , you can bring her back with a game shark , the reason being is that they had planned from the beginning to allow her to be brought back but funding/time ran short and they pushed the game out the door unfinished . This is a major disapointment to me and as soon as I found out you could n't bring her back it burned me out to the point that I quit playing the game ...
 If you like RPG 's , this game is a must have . It 's like reading a novel you ca n't put down . There are times you laugh , get mad , and even cry ! Ok , maybe some people do n't like the materia system , but they must admit the story more than makes up for it -LRB- I 'm not saying I do n't like it ! -RRB- . Cloud is the best character I 've ever seen ! And the graphics and hugeness of the world are amazing ! You got ta play it to belive it !
 THIS GAME IS SO COOL , SO STOP GIVING IT 1 STARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FINAL FANTASY VII ROCKSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!
 this game is overrated , the graphic suck , the story is lame buy ff8 it 's way better and at a way better price ...
 DONT BELIVE THE FOLKS HERE THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER SO IM GIVING IT A QUABILLIONTRILLION STARS FOR EVER AND EVER AND EVER . THIS GAME SAVED MY LIFE WHEN I WAS YOUNGER . I DRESS UP LIKE CLOUD ALL THE TIME SO ILOOK SO COOL
 As one reviewer pointed out there are a few pearls of wisdom -LRB- the science of a good gravy -RRB- in this otherwise wordy and fairly patronizing book . I was looking for a book to explain the small nuances of how to improve a particular recipe or tweak an ingredient to bring out its fullest potential but I what I found was pretty much a garbled and condescending chemistry lesson -- and not a very good one at that .
 The product I purchased was a copy of Final Fantasy 7 for the Play Station . The picture of the product shows a original release where the cover is black , the copy I received was a Greatest Hits version and no where in the description did it inform me I was ordering the Greatest Hits version . This seller was misleading in their sale . I would advise others to be hesitant and ask questions about what they are buying .
 THIS HAZ GOTS TO BE THE BESTEST GAME VERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR . !!!!! I WAS 4 WHEN I BEAT IT AND I ALWAYS PLAY IT EVERYDAY AND EVERYOHOUR ESEPECIALLY WHEN I FEEL BORED . THIS IS THE ONELY GAME I WILL EVER PLAY AGAINNNNNNN . . CLOUD IS SO COOLLLLL ... . HE TOTALLY KITS BUUTTTTT DUDE AND DUDETTS !!!!!! EVERYONE WHO GIVE IT ONLY ONE STAR IS TOTTALLY TLAMERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!
 First off , i was thinking of giving this 1 star ... but that would be too cruel . Now then why does this game suck so bad ? I can sum it up very easily for all of you that love this game so much and will dissagree with me to the point of trying to find where I live and killing me . Now then onto why the game sucksFF7 has many small flaws that stop it from recieving what you all think it deserves . This game does almost everything wrong in one way or another . It 's the way it does it though that makes this game so bad.This game gets so much priase through it 's story but this is probably the most flawed part of the entire game . For a while i did enjoy the game but then as soon as everyones favorite bad boy Sephiroth enters the entire game goes downhill and evetually into the depths of hell where it belongs . Now then Sephirtoh is the `` bad guy '' but no you 're still after Shinra -LRB- an `` evil corpiration ... -RRB- * who also wants to kill sephiroth . . ever heard of putting aside differences to destroy the common enemy guys ? * Now thena bad guy like sephirtoh is cool to see in games , but it 's all about presence . Sephirtoh himself is n't very thertening or cool because of the fact that he gets very little screen time or the fact that whatever he says makes no sense whatsoever ... and it never does ! The story was n't even complete whent eh game was released . They never bothered to fix all the tons of loopholes that they left in the game.Where this story goes downhill the most is with all the plot twists . In an effort to make people think they are buying an intelligent game , they throw in as many plot twsits and possible and never answer about 2 thirds of them . It makes me feel sad that people claim this to be the greatest game of time -LRB- HA ! LOZ
 oh hey those pixelated shemales are gon na save the world over 701251709 hours of boring gameplay ! this game super mega dumb .
 I am a huge RPG fan and have played all of the Final Fantasy games , and FFVII -LRB- 7 -RRB- is the worst . The graphics are TERRIBLE , the story is long and boring , and the music -LRB- aside from the battle theme -RRB- is nothing special . I know it is often considered to be the best FF , but I just can not see why other than it being the first FF for Playstation and thus the first one most FF fans played . I suggest skipping this one and playing FFIX FFX and FFXII -LRB- 9 10 and 12 -RRB- first .
 Anybody that put a low score for ff7 obviously hasent seen past the first 5 minutes of the game . `` The graphics are bad '' SO WHAT ???? FFX has great graphics and I HATED it . The battle system is quite empty and the plot doesnt contain more than a few creative ideas . Materia , holy , meteor , limit breaks , and everything else that has never been done before makes ff7 the best rpg ever . If you can get past the fact that this game is like 7 years old and that it has bad graphics , you 'll understand what a phenomenal game this really is .
 I hate this entire series for it 's linearness , and stopped playing them when I got 8 . All I 've seen after 7 are just remakes of the same story , over and over again . 9 is n't , but it 's just stupid.Seriously , if you 're over 14 and still playing FF , you need to grow some pubes and buy a game with blood in it -LRB- I highly recommend Fallout 2 to those with the meager amount of brains to conquer it -RRB- That 's enough for a game I do n't respect -LRB- the rest of the series gets no stars -RRB-
 This game is probably the worst Final Fantasy on the PSX . The graphics suck and the plot development is so slow . I played it all the way through when I was a kid . I recently picked it up again and began to remember how aganizing the pain was from the first time . I got through the first disk then stopped playing and broke all three of the disks so I would never stumble on it again . The only reason that this game has such a cult following is because it was the first Final Fantasy on the PSX . There are much better Final Fantasy 's out there Like 6 , 8 , 10 , and tactics.In my dorm building I asked all of the gamers what the worst Final Fantasy was and they all said 7 . Trust me , if you play this game you will become emo just like Cloud .
 This is the worst Final Fantasy ever done . Why ? Play every FF from 1 to 6 , you will see a progression in the depht of the gameplay , the characters , the story lines . In FF5 you had the job system , in FF6 , you had FOURTEEN characters to choose from and all of them with a deep personality , in FF6 you had to use eight and in the final dungeon TWELVE characters at the same time . When you buy this game , you get a `` main '' character with punky hair and who never says a word , you can only use * three * characters , the stroy line is so complex that nobody knows what the heck happens at the end . OK , the story is not really complex , it 's just confusing and pointless , it happens that the game designers had to rewrite the story three times in order to make room for the polygonal graphics , and then include enough eyecandy for the Sony/Squre executives.The end result is a dull game with no meat , no substance , no fun
 When I first bought my PS2 , I got FF10 , FF9 , and FF7 . That was back in 2002 . FF10 & FF9 I liked . Good stories & loveable characters . But FF7 was a drag.Then I saw all the positive reviews -LRB- `` best game ever '' -RRB- , so I decided to give FF7 a second playing in 2004 , to impress me . But I still did not like it . IMHO the major flaw is that FF7 has too many `` dry '' sections where you fight-fight-fight and almost nothing happens storywise -LRB- example - climbing the 100-floor building of your enemy - or - the dumb section where you waste an hour finding a dress -RRB- . In some sections , literally hours pass by with no story ... it feels like a step backwards to the near-nonexistent stories of the original nintendo . . Also the Battle Engine - totally unbalanced . A good RPG will provide balance between physical & magical attacks , so they are near-equal . A good RPG will make each character unique with specific skills & weaknesses -LRB- like real people-some are fighters ; others are healers -RRB- . Not so FF7 : - it 's all magic ... physical attacks are worthless -LRB- about 1/4 the damage -RRB- - and the characters are completely interchangeable . You can equip Fire3 to your man & Heal3 to your girl . And then the next battle , completely flip it around , so the man is the healer & the girl is the killer . And then flip it again ! No individuality . Each character is identical . Plus * instant learning * and instant forgetting ... not realistic at all . . Also , the story , while good , is poorly executed . It basically boils down to a meteor poisoning the planet 's `` health '' - very simple concept - but the writer dances around & adds un-necessary complication . He takes 2 +2 = 4 and turns it into 1-5 +4 -6 +2 -1 +7 -2 = 4 . That 's why so many gamers go , `` Huh ? What just happened ? '' It was a good story , but a lousy script.Overall , FF7 is one of the weakest games in the FF series -LRB- inferior to the other PS1 game-FF9 , super nintendo games FF4 , FF5 , FF6 , even inferior to FF10 .
 I * tried * to give this game 3 stars , but I just ca n't find it in me to do so . I expected this game to be so much more than it is . The graphics -LRB- even considering the time period -RRB- are blocky looking . Thanks to all the beautiful backgrounds , you often can not tell where your character can/should walk . And the whole Aeris thing -LRB- those of you who have played will understand -RRB- leaves you feeling as though there should have been more to it that the game designers forgot to put in . I spent most of the game thinking she would be able to come back to life . Sad to say , it seems that Square sacrificed story line and plot to make this game . Given a choice , I 'd rather play Final Fantasy 2 or 3 for the SNES .
 # 1 GAME OF ALL TIME , IGNORE ALL THE 1 STAR REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!!!!
 this game is summed up in one word , overhyped , dont go by all the 5 star reviews here , this game is not all that .
 My boyfriend told me to play this game and after him bugging and bugging me i did and i was totally bored . My first final fantasy was final fantasy 8 and i really like that game . this game sucks though . Aeris -LRB- * Aerith -RRB- dies before u can even do any of her cool moves , whats up with that ???? and the graphics are a pain in the bottom !!! I still dont get the whole story , and i did finish the darn game , but it sucks .
 Ok , this game is over 4 years old , but it surely feels much older than that . The graphics , albeit rendered in 3D , is crude ; the gameplay very confusing and incredibly boring after a while ; and , worst of them all , the battle controls are very difficult to get used to -LRB- and not configurable -RRB- . I ca n't believe all the bakayaro 's who still call this game `` the best . '' Leisure Suit Larry was way better than this!Warning
 Cons1 . The character design is horrible2 . Plot is lacking3 . magic is an annoying time consuming waste of time , made solely for making the game twice as long .4 . No equipment means nothing interesting to find in dungeons .5 . No treasures In dungeons , just walk through a straight path fighting boring battles .6 . Same old battle system7 . Leveling up is pointless8 . Leveling up makes you loose money .9 . There 's nothing to spend your money on anyway .10 . The graphics attactual -LRB- ... -RRB- . Look at those pixelly legs .11 . Far too linear12 . Costs to much13 . farting is funner than the actual game .14 . The easiest game in the series . The easiest game I have ever played . Did n't come close to losing once .15 . Pressed the `` fight '' key 6 times to kill last boss ... no , no healing either.Pros
 My friend said that sephiroth is a white haired goth Fabio , i thought it was so funny !!!
 i heard the graphics suck , and i heard that doesnt matter . oh , yeah , sure , i usually play my videogames with the tv off anyway . i heard the story is bad too . so it doesnt go anywhere and it veers off , hmmm ... . i think im so tempted to buy this game now , NOT !
 i played and finished this game , i was quite surprised it was not as good as i had heard . I honestly believe that this game is exaggeratedly overrated . basically , buy this game only if ur a hardcore ff fan . Final fantasy 8 is a better game than this .
 Final Fantasy 7 could possibly be the lamest final fantasy game ever created . I personally love Final Fantasy 9 . Final fantasy 7 is too `` kiddy '' and `` childish '' , not really for the teen and adult gamer . cloud is annoying too . he shrugs way too much in the game , as if he gots back spasms or something .
 i thought this game was boring and the graphics sucked . i liked the earlier final fantasies better , like 6 .
 yes , all overhype . I played this game and finished it . its subpar to final fantasy 8 . the story is not good . the blocky figures really are badly rendered . Dont buy this game from what people tell you UNLESS you like the final fantasy series because u will sorely be dissapointed . a character -LRB- aeris -RRB- dies in the game ... u can use phoenix downs on dead characters during battle to revive them ... but u cant revive this dead character -LRB- aeris -RRB- in the plot ... BIG STORY PROBLEM THERE ! Sephiroth is not a great villan . Bowser from super mario is a greater villan than this joke . Because it was the first final fantasy rpg on playstation coupled with the fact that rpgs was a little known genre in the video game world before this game came out , im supposed to give it 5 stars ??? if u wan na start playing a final fantasy rpg game , start with final fantasy 8 , the graphics and plot are 100 % better and wont bore you like this game .
 after playing ff8 , i played this game . i was not impressed . after playing the mature themed ff8 game , i played this almost `` pokemon '' friendly themed game . the characters are all cartoony and super deformed with big heads , and poorly rendered , might i add , and with little puny bodies . the dialogue is laughable , very `` silly '' and falls wayyyyyyyyy short of being taken seriously . I was so disappointed by this , i like the more serious tones that were used in ff8 , ffx , and ff eleven .
 graphics are bad . the controlling is bad . the story is bad . the characters are pretty good . the dialogue is cheese-friendly-bad . the plot is bad . sephiroth is lame . cloud is lamer . this game is lame .
 there are some games that u buy just to have , and this is one of those games , i wanted to just complete my final fantasy game collection so i bought it , but it sucks , is so lame and the graphics are really bad . theres no analog controll capability eighter , so the controls really suck too . overall a bad game
 do you get the impression that all these 5 star reviews are sorta the same ? they all say the same-o-same-o . this game sucks cuz the graphics are the worst of any final fantasy game EVER . the hero looks so lame , i wish he had just got blown up or somting . overall a F - .
 If youre gon na start playing a Final fantasy game , start with 6 or skip to 8 . this game is so boring and bad cuz of the grpahix and the story . Its very boring because its so outdated . im playing final fantsy x-2 right now , play that game instead .
 it can get `` final fantasy seven-ishly bad '' . i hate this game .
 Final Fantasy 7 is a work of crap . The worst in the long series and a dont buy this game for any rpg fans who do n't already have this game . The game brings you to a lame world troubled by it 's new found effcient power-source which has resulted in an increase in lameness . But it 's other effects are n't yet visible to our sissi , Cloud a mercenary who is hired by a resistance group to destroy this new form of energy . As the boring story progress ' you find out more about each character and the story becomes even more boring with a new evil and old friend stirring things up . You better not get this game . Trust me !
 Konami , why did you make this crap.The jackass at your work place , huh?I know your a good game company.Fire the guy who thought of making a game with the talking snot .
 This is a terrible game . The only gameplay is beating up people while shouting offensive insults at them.Worse , the game bears an `` E '' rating , but I see nothing appropriate in this game for young kids -LRB- under 12 -RRB- . All the player does is beat up one person after another and listen to incessant , scripted insults . Each turtle chirps different insults too.This is especially disappointing given the fact that the property appeals most to kids under 12 .
 Dad found the game to be too easy , highly repetitive , and thus pretty boring . Additional character scripting would have been great -LRB- after the first 30 minutes , I had to either mute the volume or go in the other room -RRB- . It also makes absolutely no sense to me as to why the game is a two-player fest only , when it was absolutely a natural for up to four players.My 5 year-old twins , on the other hand , loved it and could n't put it down . Unfortunately there is n't much available on the X-box for young kids . Is it a violent game ? Yes . Is it mild afternoon cartoon violence that the kids have seen before ? Yes .
 Lets face it , this game sucks.I felt cheated and wanted my money back for wasting it on such a stupid game.The levels are dull and repeatitive , you 're pretty much just beating up the bad guys for every second of every level . You 'd think that 's bad enough , but it gets worse , the turtles have a total of about four moves each which makes it even more boring.It seems Konami rushed this game and releasd it too fast . They should have made it that the turtles had thousands of cool combos and you can tap a button to put away your weapons and fight with your hands and feet , releasing more combos . But no , this game does not have that.The turtles shout the same boring phrases over and over again . I was so feed up I had to mute my TV . After a few days of playing this I could n't be bothered to try and complete it , it was just too boring.Overall , boring levels , no good combos or moves add up to a bad game.I 've read that the second game has over 30 different moves for each turtle , but I do n't want to waste my money on another stupid game.Save your money people , do n't buy this game .
 I was willing to overlook many shortcomings in this game such as repetitive one-liners ... but the one thing that destroys this game is that you ca n't save unless you finish all five or six areas in a level ... which is ANNOYING . Hopefully Konami will clean this up in the next game .
 This game is for young kids only . The graphics are not worthy of an xbox game , nor is the sound . It is just mindless fighting along the lines of late 80 's style arcade games with comparable graphics ... I thought we had escaped those types forever . In addition to all of its problems , the characters keep saying the same 2 or 3 phrases over and over and over and over ... did I say and over!The only xbox game that I 've seen worse than this one would probably be sneakers and I gave it a higher rating , just because it does n't have one liners that drive you crazy . This is a great gift for that neighbor that you do n't like ... his kids will drive him insane inside of 3 minutes . Do n't buy this new , or used , and if someone gives it to you plan your vengence early .
 I bought this game for my 6 yr old boy and we both were very dissapointed . He was frustrated and stuck within a few minutes . As other reviews mentioned , you have to use the stylus for this game and the characters do not always move where you wanted them to go so you end up losing a life . You also only get 2 lives to start and when you die you have to start over and some of the levels are quite long . Basically the game is not worth the money .
 This game was really hard to play because you have to use the stylus to move Spongebob around . He does n't always go where you tell him to go , and he keeps falling off things . It might be more fun on another game system , or if you could use the arrow pad.If you do get the game , level 2 is really hard but once you get past that it 's easier .
 When I first got my Nintendo DS Lite in 2007 , this was probably the 2nd game I got for it . I was so excited because at the time , Spongebob was my favorite show -LRB- And still is even at 12 almost 13 -RRB- . I start playing this game expecting it to be amazing , but I was extremely disappointed . The controls are TERRIBLE ! The gameplay is bad , and all I need to say to anyone who reads this , Just do n't buy it . It 's a waste of money .
 My 6 year old likes this game a little bit . My husband and I would rather scrape and paint the side of the house . There are much better choices for games
 the worst game ever.dont waist your money on it .
 This game is SOOOOOOOOO Lame !! Every game is in BRAIN-DEAD Mode to ANYONE over the age of 5 ! Hince >> Party -LRB- 5 -RRB- game ... It 's SLOW , you ca n't see where you 're going on the crowded and OVERLY decorative game boards ! You have to PAY to PLAY and use your items ! There 's NO item stores to buy from to help you defeat other players . The `` A '' button to fight back when a player is trying to steal your items , STILL DOESN `` T WORK , on THIS game NOR in the Party 4 game !!!! You ca n't understand how to play the mini-games at all !!! This game , only kids would like ... MAYBE . The kids might complain about how complicated and lame this party game IS also !!! ... What a WASTE of money , and a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT !!!
 I am a Mario fanboy . I 'll buy a Mario game , no matter what ! But I sadly admit that the purchase of Mario Party 5 was a mistake . I 'm sorry , but this series was getting tired . -LRB- I am pleased to say that the release of the satisfynig Mario Party 6 brought the series back to life -RRB- The graphics of the released-earlier Mario Golf
 First of all the mario party games are so old now and are getting to be boring . 50 buck for this game is terrible its not even worth 30 . Nintendo needs to take my advice and start a fresh idea before they die out . Yes yes do not shoot me yet i will probly get this iteam when it is 30 -LRB- with nintendo it might not be till 2009 -RRB- but it is getting to old and boring . The same mini games over and over and over . Its been going on since 1998 . lets get a FRESH IDEA HEAR NINTENDO -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Mario Party 4 was ok but this version pushed it . First of all , Bumper Balls -LRB- a classic -RRB- is not in MP5 . The games are not that fun and Nintendo could 've done better . Stick with MP4 . Frankly , I belive the N64 versions were much better -LRB- MP3 especially -RRB- . Do n't get this game . It 's a waste of your money and time .
 The GOOD Things :3 more players to choose from !! Boo , Baby Bowser and Toad70 New Mini Games !! More Boards3 extra-gamesThe BAD thingsDonkey Kong Ca n't be choose as a player , he disappeared ... -LRB- well , not completely because now gives you coins -RRB- The Boards are EXTREMELY SHORT , you only go in circles again , and again , is sooo boring !! The Story Mode is ALWAYS the same thing in each gameThe voices of the Characters Changed , por example , my FAVORITE character is Yoshi !! When i heard the new voice , i was shocked ! is HORRIBLE ... WARNING
 The 5 in MP5 probably means this game is for children 5 and under . The graphics are no different than MP4 and the concept is exactly the same as its predecessors with a few new game modes . The games are boring and often have the same objective
 This piece of crap product came scratched up and did n't work . Do n't get me wrong , it 's not like I love the game and needed it , but my fiance 's mom runs a day care and has to keep the kids busy somehow . Only gave it 1/5 cause 0 is n't an option .
 I still have not even received this product but it is very late and I am very very disappointed . : -LRB-
 Well when I heard of a new installment of the Mario Party series I was thrilled . But I got excited for nothing . This game is the same as Mario Party 4 . Except Mario Party 4 was more exciting with the new graphics and it being on the Gamecube and all . But it just did n't work for Mario Party 5 . First of all , the boards are extremely boring , and the introduction of capsules -LRB- which give you a ball and you can purchase only the item you get whenevr you want -RRB- . There is no lottery shop . Most of the `` all-new '' mini games are pretty mucht the same
 The Mario Party franchise is one of the most well-known game series and has known to be one of the most fun . However , after playing and beating Mario Party 5 , I must say that it is evident that the developers lost their touch and are running out ideas . All , and I seriously mean all , of the the mini games are either boring button mashers or mini games that we 've seen in Mario Patry 's 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 . I was greatly disapointed by this title because I did love the first four Mario Partys , but this one is purely unoriginal . I know one could say that it looks good because they added a single player mode , and still has a great party mode . However , who honestly cares that a game has a single and party player mode if the gameplay itself is boring ? The answer is no one . Take the word of a hardcore gamer that has beaten the single player mode of this game and played through the party mode , this game is not worth $ 50 . If you want a party game , seriously , your better off getting Mario Party 4 . It has the same graphics , better price , and is a better game . Only extremists of party games and the Mario Party series that have all of the previous installments should consider buying this game when it becomes cheaper . But , for the average gamer and as of right now , you 'd be better off saving that $ 50 .
 I love Mario games . They 're the reason I bought a Gamecube . I rented this because I was interested in buying it , and I was sure it would be an excellent game , because the other Mario bros. games for the Gamecube are very good . I was totally , absolutely disappointed with Mario Party 5 , and I 'm glad I rented it first.First of all , you ca n't just play minigames by themselves unless you unlock them . -LRB- I think the board game part is ridiculously boring , so I 'd like to just be able to play minigames . -RRB- Unfortunately , the only way to GET the minigames is to play through the stupid board games !! And get this -- in this game , no matter what the mode , you MUST have 4 players playing it at a time . That means , if it 's only you and two friends playing the party mode , you MUST have a computer player in there also . And guess what
 I was looking forward to playing this game , but when I inserted the disc in my Wii the game could not be read . I cleaned the disc good , but it still wo n't work . I do n't recommend like new games to anyone .
 It 's just another Mario Party game . There are n't any high expectations for it . All I expect from this is a mediocre virtual board game with lousy graphics and boring sound . And that 's just what Mario Party 5 is . I rate this game 37/100 .
 This series is really getting old . The mini game are fun , but the board game setup is soooooo slow !!!
 The main problem I had with MP5 is that it just takes so stinking long to play a game . I also have Mario Party 3 -LRB- for Nintendo 64 -RRB- , which is the best game in the series , and it has options to allow you to skip the CPU 's mini-games and speed up the movement of the characters . MP5 does n't have this . What it does have is special `` events '' and bonuses on nearly every space.The result is that it took me about 75 minutes to play a 10-turn game the other night , when I can play a 15-turn game of MP3 in less than an hour.I do not like the concept of the `` capsules , '' either . Instead of buying bonus items from stores , you get a `` free '' item every time you pass a gumball machine , and you have to pay to use it . Problem is , the game asks you before every turn whether you want to use a capsule or not . Annoying!Also a problem -LRB- in this game even more than the other MP games -RRB- is the excess of animations that slow down the game even more . The boards also seem to be overly complex ... sometimes you 'll go through an entire game and none of the players will ever get a star.The mini-games , which are the heart of any MP game , seem very dull . Only a couple seemed not to be derivative of the previous games . On the plus side , the graphics and sound , of course , are very nice , especially the 3-D game boards . But no one plays Mario Party for the graphics .
 the mini games are bad , the format is bad.the boards are bad , the story is bad , and ofcourse the game is bad , dont waste 50 bucks on this junk.get mp1 and 2
 You notice how in movies and books how 90 % of the sequals are s *** . Well guess what ? It 's the same thing for video games . I must admit that the old Marios were tons of fun . But then that stupid Nintendo 64 had to come around and start the new Marios . You could by an old nintendo system and a classic mario game for almost half the price of this garbage . And i can guarantee that you would get more enjoyment and playing time out of a classic then one of these imposters . Plus 90 % of gamecube games suck . If the title of this game did n't have the word Mario in it , this game would have a hands down 1 star . Do yourself a favor and run as far away from gamecube games as you can .
 I 'M NOT VERY FOND OF THIS GAME FOR MANY , MANY REASONS.HERE ARE SOME OF THEM1.STUPID COUSES .2 . LACK OF MODES ! 3 . LACK OF MINIGAMES ! 4 . LACK OF CHARACTERS ! 5 . EASY COMPETTITON!THOSE ARE N'T EVEN ONE THIRD OF MY COMPLANTS .
 I waited and waited for this game to come out ... and was VERY sad and disappointed the game . Yes the Mini-games are fun but there is no challenge in them . The game is slow and has nothing to really work for . The stars are so easy to get it 's like getting acne ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Buy Mario Party 4 . . its more fun !
 THIS game is really bad if you like party games get PAC MAN FEVER or Warioware inc. . Its boring mario party 1 2 3 4 are ok but common they are ALL the same exept they took out the good games for the bad ones !!! DONT buy it !!!
 Ok , now if this game was the very first mario party game ever , then i would like it . BUT COME ON !!! There r already 4 MARIO PARTY GAMES !!! AND THEY R ALL EXACTLY THE SAME !!!! O sure , there might be a few differe n't mini games and crap but ITS THE SAME EXACT CONCEPT !!! AHHHHH !!! IM GONNNA DIE !!! The only reason you should buy this game is if you have NEVER EVER played a mario party game before or if u do n't have ANY mario party games . IT would just be wasting your money if u collected all these games . And if you 've never played a mario party game but wan na buy one , i would say u should probably buy an older one becuase the older ones r ALOT CHEAPER and still EXACTLY THE SAME !!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!
 Mario party 5 is the worst out of all of them ! The super duel mode is poor because the cars are slow , the capsules was a dumb idea because your never sure what your going to get and they dont do anything good at all . Most of the mini games are boaring and the levels are boaring also . They lost their touch ! I asked my dad for it on christmas because I thought it would be better then all the other ones I played . Major disappointment ! If you have a Gamecube get Mario party 4 . Thats just my opinion though !
 This game was recommended to us as THE game to have -- the one that everybody wanted , and fun for all ages . We took it home , popped it in , and played . Now when I say played , what I really mean is sit back in the chair and hold the controller with one hand , and wait for the computer to move your characters around and do everything while you wait to hit A again.Honestly , that 's about it . You push A to roll dice . You push A to make a choice , and every once in a while you push A as fast as you can . The so called `` great mini-games '' were great challenges of `` which plant is different from the others , '' `` who can push A the fastest , '' or some form of addition and subtraction . We were n't pleased.If you are looking for a fun challenge , go for Super Mario Sunshine , or even Luigi 's Mansion if you want something more simplified . At least those games change and require both hands on the controller . Mario Party is mindless drabble for 4 year olds . Do n't waste your time or your money .
 My brother got this game last xmas , it came with this useless microphone lol , anyway we loaded the game , and it was pretty dissapointed , at least for me . . ill tell you why :1 . The in-game voice is not good , specially , I hate Daisy 's voice . . is just not that good and it can be very repetitive . you will just like to turn off your TV .2 . Characters
 WORST MARIO PARTY EVER !!! ALL THE MARIO PARTY GAMES ARE THE SAME AND ALSO WHAT KINDA PARTY IS IT WITH 4 PLAYERS -LRB- MUST BE A LAME PARTY -RRB- THE MINIGAMES ARE SAME AS THE OTHER MARIO PARTY GAMES AND THEY DELETED THE BEST MINIGAMES !!! THE NINENDO GAMECUBE PLAYS BORING CLASSIC NINTENDO GAMES HELLO ITS 2004 AND ALSO THE GRAPHICS ARE CHEAP EVEN WARIOWARE INC. . BEATS THIS GAME -LRB- WARIO WARE INC IS A PRETTY GOOD GAME -RRB-
 This game stinks Eric.bvbvStop eating dimes Eric.bvbvMario is watching you Eric.bvbvPlease , do our country a favor Eric.bvbvDon ' t buy this game Eric.bvbv
 Wonce eye saw this on da movie of movies eye had 2 buy dis !!! It 's sooooo bad !!!! I loved it ! I fyou hate bad games get dis ! It `` s goad ! REELY !
 There are plenty of Mario 's already . Let 's just say that nintendo should have stopped after 2 . We have the cube and are big fans of the children 's games but we would like some variety in characters . This is just getting a little redundant an lacks variety . Fun premise but that 's it .
 this is a game i got for christmas . i was excited at first but right after i was very displeased . this game is not only boring but terrible !!!!!!!!!! in story mode after 4 turns you dont even get to play a mini game and hu wants to plays 3 bowsers ? and the mini games are babyish and terrible and the levels are terrible ! i hate this game !
 I loved MP4 , but MP5 is just plain boring ! I waited and waited for its release and was sadly disappointed in the game . It 's slow and not as much fun . Its really easy to get the stars , where 's the challenge ? Story mode does n't have anything to work for , and Party Mode is just nothing . The only good thing about it is the new Mini-Games .
 Its true . First of all its not as fun as Mario party 1,2 , or 3 . This is not good at all . Youll probably want Mario party 1,2 , & 3 . A person would probably fell disappointed If they bought Mario party 4 or even this . I think they will make a mario party 6 . They dident did do a very good job with this or even mario party 4 or even this . They however did a good job with mario party 1,2 , & 3 .
 MARIO PARTY IS DEAD . IT DIED WITH MARIO PARTY TWO ON N64 . JUST LET IT REST IN PEACE .
 First of all , this game is n't by Activision , it 's put out by Gamemill Publishing and a design company called Stellar Stone , who exclusively use Russian designers/programers -LRB- 'cause they 're cheaper -RRB- . I guess that would explain why the Union and Confederate uniforms are backwards . Yes , you read correctly , backwards ! If the Russkies could n't figure out who wore blue and who wore gray , you can pretty well figure they did n't get much else right either . So much for the historical accuracy the game claims . This game is a total rip-off .
 This game was obviously programmed by people who had little to no historical knowledge of the Civil War . The only battle out of the four with even a semblance of the historical military balance is Gettysburg . The other three , the `` Seven Days Battle , '' Chattanooga , and Chancellorsville , bear no resemblance to the actual battles in either landscape or units involved . And as other reviewers have pointed out , the `` Confederation '' wears blue uniforms and the Union grey . In addition , artillery units are so deadly in this game that no other unit can get near them . They can virtually win a battle by themselves , which was certainly not the case in the Civil War.The game also crashes quite a bit .
 There 's nothing historically accurate about any of the `` battle '' scenarios.Union Infantry always gets mauled by Confederate cavalry - no matter what the odds are against the Reb horsemen . I 've thrown several infantry brigades at one under-strength cavalry brigade , and the infantry gets anihilated -LRB- ! -RRB- . It 's very difficult to extricate a brigade that is receiving a particularly harsh mauling when you 've got several brigades fighting in close proximity to it . Determining exactly which brigade you are throwing into or out of action is hard because it 's all one big jumbled mass of soldiers - no organized battle lines or anything like that.Artillery is useless . I never quite understood how to utilize it ... . and , should you attack an artillery position , it will wipe you out before you can over-run it . It 's all really hap-hazard and there is no real control over your troops ' effectiveness.I had a little fun watching the two armies slug it out ... . and throwing everything but the kitchen sink into the pitched battles.But , all in all , it 's a lame game . Fortunately , I didn 's spend a dime on it - it was given to me as a gift .
 This game is incomprehensible . It has no help section so I ca n't run it . I have gotten far enough to see the uniforms are backwards , but I do n't how to run it or what to do next . Total ripoff . Not worth a penny . I am going to throw it away and delete it from computer.It gets one star because there are no zero stars .
 What a waste of money ! Who ever desgned this game knows very little about the civil war . The battle fields are hopelessly exagerated , it looks like the the civil war was fought in the swiss alps according to this game . I 've been to the real battlefields and they bare no resemblance to anything in this game ! The union side is in gray uniforms -LRB- HuH ? , The confederates are in blue -LRB- Say what ? -RRB- Artillery is useless and does n't move ! The computer pretty much decides when a unit will attack so you have no control past a certain point , makes it a little hard to spring an ambush . Grant was n't even in charge of the Union forces in 3 of these battles so why the name Lee vs. Grant ? Overall a very poor game in design and historical accuracy , do n't waste you money !
 I am a German collector and I collectas much PC Games as I can about the Theme : `` The Southern War of Independence `` Now I will spend no money For this game.Thank you ...
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased the item . Naughty on me ! The game is awful . It crashes often , has no historical accuracy and is inoperable . Do not purchase this Rusky developed joke .
 Loaded just fine ... . But that was all ... Every time I tried to use it - it crashed my computer witha fatal error ... A real waste ... . DO NOT BUY ...
 This is hard , the flippers are sooooooo slowwwwww . I always lose a ball . Very annoying.PS Get the combo pack of Sonic advance and Sonic Pinball partyif you want a goood pinball game . It R-O-C-K-S !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The best -LRB- Pinball -RRB- game in the world !!!!!!
 If your looking for a pin-ball kind of game you might be dissapointed . Really all this is a mario game . Even die hard mario fans -LRB- like my brother -RRB- will be dissapointed . All you do is go into doors and kill enimeis then go into more doors , it gets boring after awhile . Another thing , you can only have ONE save which means if you have siblings and they wan na play you 'll have to share a file . this game also gets old VERY fast too!Some + sides are : good musicsound effects from many of the mario gamesgoomba 's ! All in all i would n't really buy this game i 'd personaly just rent it or even download it.there 's some good emulator sites out there .
 I remember seeing a preview for this game and thinking that this game was going to be like the pokemon pinball games but with better graphics but when i put this game into my gameboy advance i was shocked by how bad it was . The real problem with the game is that the level desigen is very un inspired and its so easy for you to die because of the level lay out . Also its just not that fun of a pinball game . Hopefully Nintendo will learn from there mistakes and actually a good pinball game next time * PS * If you are looking for a good pinball game check out Kirby 's Pinball for the original gameboy . While it might not look better than this game its the best pinball game EVER !!!
 This has to be the worst Mario game ever made , even the Mario Party Games and Super Mario Bros. 2 are better . The graphics and sound stink . The pinball based gameplay ruins anything that could possibly be Mario about the game . In one word
 For the upside , it 's one of the better handheld pinball games out there . It ai n't bad ... but the controls could be A LOT better . If you 've played Metroid Prime Pinball , and then tried to go back to this one , you 're going to be sadly disappointed . Using the flippers and attempting to move Mario to certain places on the screen can be irritating . This is truly one of those games I 'd rather just cheat on from the beginning instead of being frustrated with the wobbly controls in trying to do what I need to do.Not particularly recommended unless you just love Mario or pinball games in general .
 This game is not a good game at all . First of all there is a horilble storyline . The ball is hard to manuver and fall out quickly . And finally when you turn it off it automatically deletes the file . I know its in the instrution book but it happens on inctinct . Trust me I am a game lover and this is just disappionting . I like mario games and I love pinball but this game is baadd . Trust me buy something good . I would buy Kingdom Hearts
 I love playing Mario games so bought this one . I find it a very hard game to play and losing interest in it . I have beat one boss is about all . Very easy to lose your Marioball down the drain . Doubt I will finish it .
 Mario shows up once again , this time in his own pinball game . I 'm sure this one will sell a ton of copies . Truth be told , Mario Pinball Land is like some cheap bubble gum that loses flavor after a couple of minutes.Sure , the graphics are detailed and colorful , and all the gang of characters is here . The pinball action is simple yet works pretty well . So what is the problem ? Very repetitive . The screens vary with different locales -LRB- pyramids , caves , deserts , etc -RRB- but the action never changes . I found myself getting bored with it early on . This one is for the kids .
 Seeing previews for this game , I thought it would be great . How can you go wrong with the fun action of pinball combined with the world and characters of Mario World?I ' tell you how you can go wrong . By creating a game that has terrible level design and a setup that makes it so easy to die that it is maddening . The physics of pinball do not apply . You can hit the ball -LRB- Mario -RRB- with the flipper the exact same way in the exact same spot 10 times and you can never predict where the ball is going to go . There is no skill involved in the game . One time playing it you can clear a level in a couple of minutes . The next time , you 'll constantly have the ball go through your flippers quickly and GAME OVER . Also it is just very boring ; the levels are small and repetitive . It 's like its for toddlers , but there 's no way they have the patience for it.My biggest problem with this game was the fact that the SAVE option seldom worked . Many times after saving the game and turning it off , when I tried to play again it would not let me load a game . I would have to start over from scratch . This makes you very angry when you 're already playing a game you do not like.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . Nintendo should be ashamed .
 I traded games with my best friend . I got the game and I spent quite literally hours trying not only stay alive but trying to complete the annoying task that are given.The graphics and controls are horrid . The time is very un-realistic . The time goes by way too fast -LRB- 1 second = 2 minutes -RRB- . The mini-games get frustrating after a while . Also , every 1 to 2 days in a basic house you WILL get robbed . When you rent the larger house you have a lesser chance of getting robbed . It gets very annoying after a while . I would not even purchase this for a thousandth of a cent . I absolutely HATE IT !!!!
 NO I HATE THIS GAME ! All the sims games except for gameboy games have been great . i bought the sims bustin out on GBA and it was # % @ $ !!! i sold it to a used game seller ! i had to do the same with this one . IF U WANT REAL SIMS BUT THE PC OR GAMECUBE OR PS2 GAMES NO GBA !!!!! HAS THIS HAPPENED TO U ????????
 It took 10 days to get here . And when it did , it 's a GAMESTOP branded controller . The same one I foundthey carry at their brick and mortar store . The one 's in the store is white , this is black -LRB- or indigo , whatever -RRB- , but look for look andfunction for function it 's the same . Submitted the return request as soon as I opened it and saw the product . Doubtful I 'll get an approval.I 'll just hack together a controller of my preference . This is annoying .
 The graphics , and particularly the sound , are pretty good for a game that has been around for a few years . The sirens are especially good , with accurate Doppler effects , even when you force the cops to enter a tunnel while you veer off onto an open dirt road . But overall this is just an arcade game ; it 's not realistic at all , and that 's the part that makes it so frustrating.Just a few examples
 Wow . Very rarely am I compelled to write reviews on games . This game is BAAAAD . I hate myself for paying $ 50 for it . Let me explain.Orson Scott Card wrote the screenplay for this game , and it is actually pretty good . The orchestral music is really good , too.So it sounds good , right ? Wrong . The controls are the worst I have ever tried to use in my 20 + years of gaming . You want decent framerate ? Not gon na find it here . Even the crappy cut-scenes slow down and suffer from choppy frame-rate . The whole engine shuts down to a crawl if you face more than two enemies . Wan na try and lock on to the bad guys ? Good luck trying to pick the one you actually want to hit . Even if you do manage to target the guy you want , your character will arbitrarily split his fire between your intended target and another , whether you want him to or not . Oh , and then there is the camera , which like to stick you inside walls , swing around at inopportune times -LRB- letting enemies get cheap licks on you while you wait for the camera to swing around so you can target them -RRB- , or just plain glitching out . This company sold everyone a crappy product dressed up in a pretty bow , and I am kinda angry about it . The potential was there ...
 First off , I have to say that most people who played this game complained about the glitches . I have noticed none . No glitches , no bugs . The framerate is bad , true - think playing an MMORPG in a crowded city on a modem connection . Well , I HAVE done that before , so the framerate did n't bother me.It 's the game itself that makes me wish I held on to that $ 50 . You can upgrade your firearms the more you use them . This sounds like a Good thing . If you like a weapon a lot , you can just keep using it to make it more effective . Unfortunately , you quickly realize that there 's a little thing called Ammunition , and it barely appears enough in the levels to let you USE the gun , let alone let you blaze around with the leveled-up firearm of your choosing.However , you wo n't be using your guns much once you get your Psychic Powers stolen directly from Psi-Ops - erm , I mean , once you get your legendary , mystical powers that all humans possess . With these powers , the `` leveling-up '' concept is much more effective . Use a power a lot , and it levels up . The End . Some of the powers are seriously taken directly from Psi-Ops , though . Except in that game , you could pick up anything you like . In Advent Rising , you can only pick up whatever the game developers want you to pick up.Still , the game has its moments . Jump around a lot , and your jumps get more evasive . Soon , diving to the side brings the world into slow-motion , granting you the ability to throw enemies and shoot grenades , all in one graceful leap . It looks pretty , and it 's fun . The vehicle parts are also enjoyable . The `` flick targeting '' - flick the analog stick towards an enemy to target it - can get a little frustrating as the analog stick you 're flicking also targets the camera . Sometimes , you 'll be trying to target a certain enemy , but it insists on targeting the big object the enemy is standing by . Or it will remain locked onto a target that 's behind you , when all you really want to do is see what 's in FRONT of you . But overall , it works.The music is just incredible ... the one part of the game that really lived up to all the excitement I 'd built up after years of waiting for its release.However , the story is really what disappoints me . The movies are so DISCONNECTED from the main game it 's absolutely ridiculous , and pulls you out of any shaky atmosphere the music and graceful jumps managed to provide . I 'll just give you an example . You 're running across a field . There 's a group of aliens at your back . Suddenly , you notice a jeep sitting out in the open , all alone . You run up to it , thinking you can jump in , turn around , go back to the aliens ... but Lo and Behold , once you get within ten feet of the jeep , the screen blackens , a cutscene starts , and suddenly there 's about ten soldiers standing around the jeep , chatting , while your main characters walks up to them . I swear the soldiers were n't there before . So instead of relaxing and enjoying a cutscene , you 're jarred from the `` game '' reality and enter `` cutscene '' reality . In `` game '' reality , you 're standing in a dusty desert , with sand drifing in the wind . In `` cutscene '' reality , you 're standing in a grassy field , the grass leaning and rippling in the wind . It 's just jarring , lazy , and it gets me angry.The game attempts to give you chances to make Decisions that affect the story . The way it 's implemented would indeed have been novel and well-done , if your Xbox was actually an NES and the year was 1987 . As it is , the decisions have no emotional involvement , and most of them are resolved ten minutes later . There is one pretty heavy decision that occurs early in the game . Well , not as heavy as it COULD have been -LRB- you do n't know how drastic the consequences will be when you make it -RRB- , but it 's still a nice touch . However , I Choose Wrong , and as a result I was stuck with with a shallow , poorly-written character for hours afterward . My lesson
 The writing for this game is great . So much better than the usual dialogue you get from hack writers out there . The story is very compelling and I enjoy the game mechanics . The engine itself is not to badly designed however it is plagued with bugs . The game locks up repeatedly . So much so , that I have decided to simply return it . This game showed a lot of promise , and I hope that they release some sort of Live downloadable patch for it . I do n't think that will happen though . I found the game impossible to play due to random freeze ups . Steer clear of this one , but definitely check out the sequel .
 What an absolutely terrible game ! I remember when this game came out about four years ago and it was referred to as a `` halo copy cat '' and I did n't really want anything to do with it , well I probably should have kept it that way . The graphics are pretty cheese-ball along with the story line and crap dialogue . Although the character you play as `` gideon '' jumps that of something caught between a lemur and gazelle which is about the only entertaining part of the game , otherwise advent rising is pretty weak and not worth a penny .
 This game should have been good , with the brilliant Orson Scott Card as the storywriter and renowned video game musician Tommy Tallarico as the sound track creator , but it isnt . The story line is very derrivitive and dull , the graphics are seriously outdated , the flick targeting system is annoying and unresponsive , the frame rate was aweful , and there were tons of bugs and glitches littered through out the game . The only good I can say about the game is that the flick targeting system is a good idea , the power ups are pretty cool , and the sountrack to the game is amazing . If you are an Orson Scott Card fan , or in search of a good game , then stay away from Advent Rising . Just hope that the sequels will be better .
 This game is n't even FINISHED yet ! There are soooo many bugs and framerate issues that should have been resolved , and you 'd think they 'd have time to do it considering how little effort they spent on the graphics . Seriously , these graphics are simpler then the script-writer of Everybody Loves Raymond on crack . The characters ' faces are unforgivably plain and void of any distinctive features , in fact , there 's virtually no difference between any of the faces . The story sucks , it 's basically the same as every single other sci-fi story out there . Do n't buy this game , do n't rent this game , simply point at it and laugh .
 I liked the Game very much . It was engaging the graphics are OK . The plot follows that Of the book . My only complaint with the game is that it is made by EA Games . As a Company EA games does not seem to care about customers . never expect to get any teck support
 You have to hand it to Color Dreams/Wisdom Tree . Sure , their games were bottom of the barrel when it comes to every important aspect of gaming , but they knew how to take advantage of the technical flaws of the NES and produce unlicensed games for the console . What did they get out of it ? A bunch of laughs from retro video gamers like myself , especially with their most notorious title under the Wisdom Tree moniker , `` Bible Adventures '' . This is one of those games that you would either punish your children with or be one of the very few titles that Ned Flanders would ever let Rod and Todd play . It consists of three games , but let 's take a look at their objectives : `` Noah 's Ark '' - Wander around as Noah and pick up two of every creature to carry back to the ark . `` Baby Moses '' - Pick up baby Moses and carry him to the end . `` David and Goliath '' - Pick up sheep and carry them to the goal.Sounds like loads of fun , especially when all three games have the same concept that was heavily lifted from Super Mario Bros 2 -LRB- or if you 're wanting to be super critical , the Japan exclusive disk game `` Yume K &#333; j &#333;
 Rips stuff off from classics and compresses it into a short non-fun game . It was n't even legally made by Nintendo .
 The online description was very misleading . This cartridge is for an outdated system & I can not use it!No good things to say .
 I have tried installing it twice and when I try to play it it tells me that i 'm missing a library file . I 've done the research and it turns out that there is no patch for Win 7 . So if you have Win 7 , or , as I hear , Vista as well , just do n't waste time and effort in this game .
 I installed the game but then it asked me to get updates from the `` proxy sever '' . I tried to get the updates but the next page in downloading the updates made would n't let me go on until I dowloaded them from its link . The link however would n't connect to anything and therefore I could n't finish installing the game so I ca n't play it . I have five bars on my internet connection and since I 'm writing this it must be working . However it would n't connect to the download site . Also the support links in the back would connect to anything except a suggestion that I try a differnt search which would n't work either . I wasted a whole day trying to get it to work but it wo n't work .
 Limited play variations make this game inferior to earlier CD Rom versions ... Grafix slight upgrade over older version , audio can be a bit annoying .
 I bought this game for me and my wife to play , only to find out after installing it that LAN play requires THREE players minimum . The cover and documentation says `` UP TO 8 PLAYERS LAN '' , and FAILS to mention this little drawback . Not to mention the screenshot in the LAN setup instructions have a picture of the single player screen , so it LOOKS like if you can add computer players too . Very misleading . I had to go their support website to confirm 2 player LAN is not supported . VERY DISAPPOINTED . DO N'T BUY IF YOU WANT TO PLAY 2 PLAYERS .
 if you 're a risk fan you 'll like this game , but i 'm not sure how much better it is than the many free versions of the game available around the net . some cool features , but no online play , which is ridiculous with a game like this .
 The first few times , sure the game was kinda fun , giving a refreshing feel to the good ol' risk game . But after a few times of playing against the various ` a.i. ' or number generators , i began to realize that the ` skill ' of the pc was n't based on their tactics as a leader , but on the amount of dice roles they 'll win . If thats what passes for an impressive ` a.i ' then its a wonder that the programer can even type his name into a computer , let alone be able to write any sort of respectable tactical program . Also the pc players will go out of thier ways to attack the player , often completely avoiding breaking up other pc 's continents or picking a player 's strong point over a pc 's weak point . This is a cheaply designed knock off of risk and does n't deserve to hold the same name . -LRB- and i 'd like to run into the a.i. programer in a dark alley someday -RRB-
 This game would be FAR better if the campaign mode were n't the same every time through , or if you did n't have to start at the beginning every time you lose a single battle -LRB- playing the same early levels over and over gets REALLY old -RRB- . It might be worth $ 10 , but do n't expect it to be one of your new favorites . I probably would n't play it at all if I were n't a huge Risk fan .
 Like all great classic games , Risk is challenging and addictive . But even though this game comes with an excellent graphics and many customizable elements , its AI is extremeley questionable . I 've played countless games where the computer rolls 4 's or higher 70 % of the time , while my 4 's or higher barely reach even 40 % . I 've also seen the computer conquer territories with an army half its size and only two or three losses -LRB- the AI just conquered my entire continent of South America , which I had garrisoned with 21 battalions , with an army of 12 and only two losses -RRB- . These bots seem to have no notable skills other than cheating on their rolls . If it were n't for the questionable dice , any intermediate player could probably win the default classic match almost all of the time .
 This is the best game I have played in the tomraider series . My favorite part is when Tony Hawk does a 900 Nosegrind . I would recommend ths game to everyone who has other James Bond games , and enjoys them .
 Parents
 This game proved to be a major disapointment for me . The gameplay and storyline were so similar to Red and Blue , they just gave the world a new name and called it Pokemon Silver . The point of this game is bad as you try to catch Pokemon creatures , though Nintendo created all these new ones , it 's hard to keep track of which one is which , and become a master trainer . Plot sound familiar ? I bet it does .
 Do n't buy this if you own another Pokemon Game . They are just the same and I had a very disappointed 10 year old at his birthday party
 I usually am a big fan of Pokemon but ever since they stopped with the originals the games have been getting awful . Do n't buy this game . it 's bad as I said before .
 I order the game and it just says its a silver version , well i got the silver version May16 ,2011 . I was so happy about playing it again that i put it in my Gameboy Sp and turned it on , at first i thought every things normal and it said new game . well i started to play the game and my friend said save it to see if it saves , so i did and too my luck it did not save . i remember my friend about two days ago his silver that hes had since it came out that his had the same problem so he said try to save twice and i did and it did not save again so he told me to do it a third time . So i did and it said new game , so my friend did what he did to his about two days ago . He took it apart and he and I had to buy another battery that coast $ 54.36 thats with tax included . He fixed it for me now I 'm having fun playing it and it works now . So do n't waste $ 13.95 on a game that does n't work because you may have to pay $ 54.36 into fixing it . Over all its a good product but you can get a better for more or cheaper value and it will save .
 the game does not save an i `` m mad cause i `` m out of money now ... an i really like the game bt i dnt kno if i want to but another one or not
 i was playing the game having a great time lvling up my Pokemon and then i saved and got some food and when i came back my save was gone ! I am not satisfied at all with my purchase .
 At first , the package was sent to the wrong address . I sorted that at on my own . Next I get the game and find out it wont hold a saved game . I can play for an hour , save it , and turn it off , then in an hour the save is gone !! Really disappointed
 The description said it was like new When i got it the game would play , and i could save but when i turned it back on it only game me the option to start a new game . very very disapointing .
 As many of you may already know , Second Generation Pokemon games -LRB- Gold , Silver , Crystal -RRB- use internal batteries to allow players to save data . The batteries in most of these cartridges are dead . If you 're going to buy this game or any of the others , you should plan to have the battery replaced.That said , if you can find someone or someplace to cheaply replace the battery , you should buy this game if you are even remotely interested in Pokemon . You should also buy it if you have an old Blue , Red , or Yellow cartridge lying around with your old data on it , and more than one Game Boy unit . You can trade all your old favorite Pokemon to the next generation -LRB- about mid-way through -RRB- and they will level up nearly twice as fast . You can also teach them new moves.This game is almost twice as long as the original , because you get to go back to the cities in the original after you collect the first set of badges . It also has an internal clock , and some Pokemon can only be caught at night , in the morning , etc. . It 's a really interesting concept that more games should take advantage of .
 I bought this game for my son . However , the game did n't work due to the internal battery not working properly . The seller promptly refunded the cost and shipping costs . He was very kind and even suggested things to try to replace the battery . Even though the game did n't work the seller was extremely kind and very quick to respond to my emails . I would recomend this seller very highly .
 This game is the first game , but sold again . There is no origanality . If you 've played the first game , you 've played them all . Do n't waste your money on the same product , buy something fun .
 I DO N'T REALLY WANT TO SAY THIS BUT I HAVE ORDERED THE POKEMON SILVER TWICE NOW AND NEVER GOT THE FIRST ONE AT ALL AND NEVER GOT A REFUND OR CREDIT FOR IT.THIS ORDER HAS NOT COME IN EITHER AND ITS BEEN TWO WEEKS OR MORE SINCE I ORDERED IT . ACTUALLY IT IS THE ONLY ONE I REALLY WANTED TO BUY FOR MY GRANDSON AND WOULD APPRECIATE RECEIVING IT SOON.I KNOW I WILL NEVER ORDER AGAIN AND WILL SPREAD THE WORD TO OTHERS IF I DO NOT RECEIVE SILVER SOON.THANK YOU FOR BEING PROMPT ON MY OTHER ORDERS THOUGH.PLEASE CHECK INTO THIS FOR METHANKS LOUISE D'INNOCENZO14 HARBOR OAKS CIRCLESAFETY HARBOR FL.3469E-MAIL;res6p1fc@verizon . net
 This game was a mistake , yeah sure there are new pokemon and some new features like the watch and backpack and cell but after that do n't expect much . This game might go under the RPG catagory but if it did it would be an insult to the catagory . This might suit a 4-11 YEAR old but not older then that . Real gamers and hardcore RPG gamers would think that the level of diffulculty in this game is a joke . This first game was an pretty good RPG only because it was a kind of new thing but the theme in a sense of a video game got old fast . I 'm not sayin that pokemon got old and boring , heck you coul put the word pokemon on anything from underware to breakfast cerial and it would be on every kids christmas list . What i 'm trying to say is that the GAME theme got old and this is just a facy re-hash
 MY son bought this game a couple of weeks ago . He enjoys it very much but the problem is , he cant stop . He is refusing to do homework and obey me . I just wish i could give those pokemon creators a good slap on the cheek . Dont buy it . Buy it
 This game is evil ! Pokemon promotes fighting and violence ! Look at the pokemon ! They are demons ! The pokemon cards have swasticas on them ! Think before you buy ! Pokemon is Satanic !
 i got a japanese version of this game about a month ago , and i finished playing with it in two weeks . It turns into the EXACT SAME GAME as the other one , in even a shorter amount of time ! of course , there is still stuff left to do in my game , like catch more pokemon and breed them and collect more tms , but there are so many other better games out there . dont waste 30 bucks . buy a pair of jeans or something . it turns into the same neglected game cartridge that my pokemon red became .
 Seller posted that the game saves . It does n't . Now I have to find some way to get a new battery into it , which is going to be a pain in the butt .
 That say the game save well it dosent they ripped me off and still have yet to recieve a credit or anything so do n't buy it ever
 Well to start . . there was some very sticky residue on the back of the game . Then I inserted the game and played like 10 min to see how it all worked . Saved the game and cut it back on ... did not save my game ... Fail.Proceeded to try and save multiple times after , worked once , but when I cut off and on again disappeared . I am getting a refund and would not recommend buying games from here .
 This game was surely not cleaned and tested . I now have to return it and buy a new one . Will not buy from again . I have read some of the other reviews and it seems most of the games bought are likely defective or not as it seems . BUYERS BEWARE !!
 The game did n't save . So basically just paid over 30 dollars to play the beginning of the game everytime I turned it on . Guy ripped me off .
 I love the game but the cartridge I got does not work . The case is really scratched up and the connection almost looks like it was burned .
 Two buttweeds at school make fun of me on the bus , saying I like Pokemon , the fact is I do n't ! All sorts of kids back me up , but still . Pokemon was big and glorius for 5 years . Now they do n't get it !!!!!! Pokemon 's done ! The games are no different from the others and have everyone buying all of the games to later get stuck . Children stay with this , other Japanese fans go to Goji .
 The game was broken when I received it . The owner obviously knew of the problems with the game , but sold it anyways .
 Do n't get me wrong , from what I played , it was actually a really nice game . Every time I turned it off and then on though , ready to continue on with my game , it was n't there . For some reason , the game wo n't save . I was really looking forward to playing this , too . It 's such a huge disappointment .
 Game 's battery was dead . Rendering the game unsaveable until repaired . Thus , any repairs will lower the authenticity of the game and lower it 's deemed rating . This is not to say that my item was not an exception . Other products from seller may be just fine .
 I got the game and i was very excited to play pokemon after 12 years but , one issue it said it would save and it didnt , I saved it and played 2 minutes after the save and turned off my Game boy advance sp -LRB- brand new gameboy -RRB- I took it to my brother who fixes games for a living and he said that this game was broken and couldnt be fixed unless you buy a batterie and get lucky . I even tried the quitip with cleaning solution trick and it saved once but when i hit continue it said it was corrupted ! so i gave it a achohol bath and still it didnt work . I suggest not buying anything from this seller , Hes probably some 9 year old because i could barely read the envolope , I wish that people like this seller could be put in jail.So much for reliving my childhood .
 We tried this a couple of times and bought it based on customer review but it did n't work right at all . We are smart people but it just did n't work right . I would n't waste the money on buying this product . In the long run we bought the game we were trying to fix . I wish I could have put the money I spent on this towards it.Maybe it was just our product that did n't work properly as I know others reviewed this product well .
 I had high hopes for this game even though the reviews were bad . Well , the reviews were right . The graphics and frame rate were poor . The game is so dark you ca n't see where to go or who you are suppose to shoot . I got stuck on the second level trying to figure out what was going on . I got tired of trying , and I 'm more than a casual player . If you 're looking for a good First Person Shooter try Cold Winter , Red Faction or Project Snowblind.Project Snowblind might be one of the best FPS on PS2 . If you simply want a good shooter/action game get Resident Evil 4 , Sniper Elite , The Suffering , Metal Gear Solid Substance ...
 `` Commandos Strike Force '' is a World War II first person shooter that combines shooting action with a sneaking element . However , despite its attempt at a more unique gaming experience to counteract the thousands of `` Medal of Honor '' and `` Call of Duty '' games , `` Commandos Strike Force '' ultimately falls short of being a good game.The player commands a three-man team -LRB- the `` strike force '' -RRB-
 I had high hopes for this game after the great ones like Exile URU , and Revelations . However this was not the case , First
 It 's been a week now since I finished MYST : End of Ages . After much thought , I have to say that it did not live up to the way it was promoted . It was actually anti-climactic , to say the least . It has problems on a number of levels.First , the ages lack the beauty and emotion felt in those of previous games . There was n't one age in this game that I could call `` stunning '' ! Think back to EXILE and the beautiful light quality in the `` marble-ride '' age . Also , the ages themselves were very shallow , meaning that there was n't much to explore . To put it bluntly , there was no journey . Think back to MYST and the Channelwood Age . There was quite a bit of landscape to cover and discover . This last version was like being thrown into a closet with nowhere to go.Secondly , the digitized characters were horrible . They were jerky and never felt like they fit into the surroundings . The live-action characters in REVELATIONS were more seamless than this.Third , the soundtrack . YUCK . It sounds like background noise to SURVIVOR.Fourth , the puzzles . They were n't integrated very well into the story line -LRB- what was the significance of the red and blue buttons in the D'ni cave that had to be triggered to raise the floor ? -RRB- and were either too difficult -LRB- i.e. the age with the planets -RRB- or too easy -LRB- i.e. the age with the rotating dome -RRB- . I will say that I 'm sorry that the saga has ended and even more sorry that it had to end this way . The one highlight , for me , was being able to link back to MYST island at the end and was moved in seeing it in decline.The extras that come with the Collector 's Edition are blah -LRB- I bought it because it 's the only version that 's Mac compatible -RRB- . The documentary DVD was like a long commercial and the soundtrack CD is not much to listen to outside of the game . The `` lithograph '' was just filler.My advice , if you 're a die-hard MYST fan , then buy it and judge for yourself . However , if can wait a few months , you can get a copy on ebay !
 I am one of the many former Live fans , Live 95 being one of the best and funnest games of the series , but with recent iterations of the game being lackluster I have moved onto to greener pastures , also known as the NBA 2K series . So when I saw that Live 08 had made some big improvements over the disaster that was Live 07 , I figured why not give it a chance . While this game is significantly better than Live 07 , it still is n't that great a basketball sim . Certain animations seem to be missing making the game seem not as fluid as you would hope especially from a game running at 60 frames per second . Dunk animations in particular are just not right . Guys can go from running or standing still to a dunk in a very quick leap , essentially making the shot unblockable . At best when someone dunks it 's either a foul or a dunk . Blocking the dunk is definitely not an option even with some of the best shotblockers in the league . Also jumpshot animations really have no rhythm so it does not feel very fluid when shooting a jump shot . Watching the game also is n't that fun . The way players move on the floor has a wonky feel to it , not like watching a real game . All in all I 'd have to stay skip this Live and pick up 2K8 . Even though 2K has its flaws , one being a terrible roster glitch that screws up all player match ups on defense , it is still a far better gameplay experience than Live . While I was hoping Live would hit its stride next year , I think we 'll have to wait for NBA Live 2010 before this game is relevant again .
 The game has an update which changes the game play where now when you take a shot the player is moving towards the basket as if he is taking a running jumper . The game originally did not function in that manner .
 The games is fun once it 's loaded . Making a freethrow and alley-oop is so easy . The game is fun . However , it takes up to 2-mins to load and by the time it loads , I dont feel like playing it anymore . Having said that , I sold it just after a week . I used to play NBA 2K and I thought NBA Live was better . With the slow loading time , I 'm going back to NBA 2K .
 Great graphics and cool looking menu . This is the typical `` Racing game '' and did decent job for that . But ... if you love Gran Turismo , probably you would n't enjoy much , not for long . What 's projected using fabulous graphics is completely against the physics and not even remotely close to real . No braking ? No car can take every corner with simple gas lift off ... And that whole drift points and nitro thing turned me off . I simply could n't get into the game no matter how fabulous graphics is.This is the game fun watching not playing . If you love Gran Turismo , probably better wait Gran Turismo 5 .
 Just another futuristic racing game . No signs of damage . Not terribly dynamic in the game play . Just kinda ... meh .
 clear display but bad play valu and very bad conteroling the game was was wrong choise i do n't recommend any body to buy it exept childern
 Might be entertaining if you 're 6 n do n't know any better . One of the worst games I 've ever played . Do n't waste your money .
 This is my 2nd outing with a Ridge Racer game , the previous being with the original RR for the PSP . I had some fun with the PSP version so I rented this title for my PS3 . I was very disappointed.As you probably already know , Ridge Racer is an unconventional racing game in that you must master the drifting -LRB- letting your car slide through corners -RRB- in order to win the races . In other words , you can not hope to win any race without adequate drifting -LRB- which in turn gives you nitrous boosts -RRB- . While mastering drifting is not hard for the average racing fan such as yours truly , the technique gets tiring quickly . It 's pretty much the same thing every time , and after a few races you 'll probably come to dread cornering rather than enjoying the racing.So gameplay is problematic . You may also take issues with the fact that none of the cars modelled in RR is a real car . Instead they bear such silly names like Age , Absoluto , etc. . This is not surprising given that the kind of drifting advocated in RR is not real at all and there 's absolutely no real-world physics involved.For a PS3 game , the graphics is terrible . While frame rate is good , the tracks -LRB- which are probably rehashed from previous RR games , a common practice in the RR series -RRB- are surprisingly low-res . This is apparently so when you compare RR 's graphics with that of the Gran Turismo HD Concept demo , which is can be downloaded free from the PS3 store . There are very few environmental effects , and the tracks feel way too generic and unexciting.I absolutely advise against paying the big bucks for this game . If you want to relive the RR drift racing or what to give drifting a try , rent the title or find a demo . In fact , you 'll probably get more satisfaction from a PS2 version of the RR series since you 'll be paying much less for the game .
 This is probably the worst racing game I 've ever played . I ca n't get the car to go around corners without spinning all the way around two or three times . I read the manual to try to figure out what I 'm doing wrong -LRB- that in itself is a bad sign , you should n't have to read the manual just to figure out how to play a game -RRB- and the instructions on how to drift are really basic.The instructions are :1 . Turn into the corner2 . Let off the gas3 . Turn through the corner.Sounds simple right?If only it worked that way.What ends up happening is you slide through the corner and then continue to slide all the way around and continue to slide.I 'm not impressed . After trying to figure the game out for about 30 minutes I think it is time to go trade it in . Glad I only paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for it .
 RR7 -LRB- Ridge Racer 7 -RRB- and NFSC -LRB- Need for Speed Carbon -RRB- are the only two full racing games available for the PS3 . Of course , Grand Turismo HD is available for download at the Playstation Store , and when the full version is released it will by far be the best racing game EVER . But for the time being , there is no doubt that NFSC is the better racing game.I rented both RR7 and NFSC . I played NFSC for the entire five days I had it , but RR7 on the other hand , I only played for about 5 minutes and quit.RR7 is very unrealistic , and it 's more about drifting around corners than anything . It 's a total arcade type of racer , and there is almost no skills needed to play the game . In addition , there is no story , unlike the NFS series . RR7 also does not have any licensed cars , unlike NFSC . Bottom line , get RR7 if you 're looking for a simple racer , where the learning curve is about 2 minutes . If you 're looking for a racing game that requires more skillful driving and realistic driving , get NFSC .
 Do n't even think about buying Ridge Racer for the PS3 when there 's already a thousand racing games on the PS1 and PS2 that are JUST LIKE this one . And for 50 bucks ? If you spend that much money on this game , you will regret it later when the price is guaranteed to drop significantly , like all racing games eventually do . One day , this game will only cost 5 bucks , and you 'll regret spending so much on it .
 I bought this game because I thought I was going to be able to get a 3D upgrade patch . I buy a lot of 3D games . But , there is no update for a disc game . If you want the 3D version you have to pay $ 19.99 at the playstation store for the whole game . There is no other option if you want that version . Very disappointing .
 I purchased Ridge Racer 7 recently and I realized very soon that it was a very bad game . First of all , it is the hardest racing game I have ever played , and I have years of experience with racing games . I spent almost 30 minutes beating the first race ! The in game experience is very poor , and I felt that the gameplay was always either exaggerated or boring . Save your time and money , and buy a good racing game such as Project Gotham Racing , not this .
 Let me first say that I only played the demo version , so I may be missing some important features . Drifting is hard to get the hang of in this game , but this is not the point . The physics are horrible . Arcade physics is acceptable when the game has something to offer in terms of gameplay and fun . This one has neither . I 'm sure someone who loves `` drifting '' and arcade style racing games will like this , maybe . Graphics are only ok considering what some other , current or upcoming , PS3 racers offer . Try the demo at the PS store before you buy .
 If you want something that is realistic , do not buy this game . I play Motorstorm frequently , and am a big fan of the Gran Turismo series . I love racing games . This was just a lot of weird drifting . Personally , I hated it .
 dont buy it . it sucks . its a bit too late to do a refund now tho , oh well , something to keep some kids entertained . If you like these ridge racer games , go for it , I just dont like the set up and whatnot
 This item is NOT for OSX . It 's windows , and only windows . I 've tried three times to purchase this item . Twice from individual sellers through amazon , and the last time through amazon directly . And of course , I get to eat the shipping on the first two . The seller BREWINGTODAY was at least kind enough to spring for return shipping.Thanks amazon !
 I can not recommend this software for people , like myself , who want to become better gamblers . I was hoping for some automatic tutorial that would caution me when I was making a foolish play . Instead what I had to do was constantly open a pop up window , press `` By The Books '' for their advice , close the window , and continue my play . Needless to say , that gets a little monotonous . So , while good play advice is there , it 's just not automatically given as I hoped .
 My player currently has $ 999,999,999 in this game and can go no higher . I racked up this total in one evening . Would that real casinos were like this game , but then none could stay in business ! And things would start to resemble that Twilight Zone episode where the two-bit crook dies and goes to what seems like heaven . Every throw he makes at craps is a winner ! After the excitement of winning every time wears off , he says that heaven is too boring , he wants to go to the other place . `` Who ever said this is heaven , '' he is told , `` this is the other place . `` Some of the games have flaws that pretty much guarantee you never lose . One such game is sic-bo . Sic-bo is a dice game played with three dice , and you bet on which numbers come up on individual die or the total . I like craps , so sic-bo looked like an interesting alternative dice game . The booklet says the house edge on this game is pretty severe , but in Reel Deal Casino Quest , winning is a sure thing . For every session , one of the numbers will always come up the same . It 's a simple matter to bet 3 units on that number , which will always come up and win , 1 unit on that number coming up two dice , and 1 unit on that number coming up on all three dice . You ca n't lose , as the number will always come up once , covering the other two bets . And pretty soon the number will come up on two , paying 8-1 , and before long on 3 , paying 150 to 1 . Does n't take long through the miracle of compound interest to roll the odometer over!Okay , so never mind sic-bo and a few of the slots -LRB- spellbound , grave robber -RRB- which are never-losers . What I really bought this game for was to get an acquaintance with those casino games I always walk by because I have no idea what they are . I now have a passing familiarity with Pai Gow , Let It Ride and Caribbean Stud . I do n't know if I 'll stop at one of those tables now , but at least I know what is going on . There 's several poker games as well . The Texas Hold Em is pretty brain dead -- again , would that I played against people so dumb , but after a while , what 's the fun in that?So for $ 20 , it 's not a bad investment before going to Vegas or AC and getting a feel for the games . Just do n't expect the payoffs to be the same.Oh , every now and then it likes to freeze up , and as it 's a full screen application , there is n't anything you can do but reboot .
 NBA Live has always come in second place to NBA 2K games , atleast to me . Live has always had excellent ideas , but the game has always suffered from sloppy gameplay with little details to the small things that make up a basketball game . Once again , some great ideas carried through with bad gameplay.There is one aspect I need to discuss first . Passing is TERRIBLE . I know they want to make passing more realistic , but I had Garnett posting up on a defender , right in front of the active players face , and I pressed to pass , and Rondo BOUNCED the ball on the ground hard and it made Garnett jump for it . I mean , honestly , is there a point in that ? And sometimes , when I turn on the passing icons , I 'll press square or whatever other button I want to pass it to , and my player wo n't even pass . Sometimes , my player will just throw the ball away when I pass . It 's very nervewracking.Also , foul calling is about stupid . If you run over a defender when you 're on offense , it 's an automatic offensive charge . Now if the situation is switched , and you 're defending , do n't hold your breathe on getting a charge . Even when you press the button for a charge , and your player goes in motion , you 'll get ran over , but no foul will be called . Half the time , when I get called for a reach in , I did n't even see my player 's hand move towards the ball . Half the time , I do n't even go for a steal.Through games , I ca n't shake the feeling that I 'm playing in an arcade . It just feels so fake . The graphics are fine , when I 'm the Celtics , I can tell who 's Ray Allen , who 's Pierce , and who 's Garnett , but the feeling of simulation is too strong . When you go for a rebound , the player may not even be that close to the ball , but somehow it lands in his hands . Laying-up is a bit more animated but also looks fake . How can AI lay it up over Garnett and Oden?Despite the poor gameplay , there are redeeming extras and a deep Franchise mode . In Franchise Mode , you get to go through the NBA Draft -LRB- I landed Oden for the Celtics -RRB- and hire a coaching staff . They incorporated a new rumor central , that 's kinda like a news feed but not exactly news yet . You can read and research all the speculation of signings , trades , releases , and others . You can have your assistant work on players to make them better , and have him set up practices , events , and days off to help fatigue and team chemistry . You can check what players have to say about the team to know what changes are to be made . It 's the best kind of Franchise I 've ever played , honestly.There are other extras like the All-Star Weekend and Fiba World Championship . The All-Star weekend is fun , where you can play the rookie challenge , the 3-point shoot-out , the all-star game , or the celebrated Slam Dunk contest . I have to admit , the Slam Dunk contest is hard but fun . You can go to the Slam-Dunk School , but it really does n't help you with your dunk any . The Fiba World Championship brings other countries ' basketball teams in to the picture , who you can also play with in exhibition games.Overall , the Franchise Mode and the All-Star weekend dominate this game . For me , though , I 'd rather have more realistic in-game play than added features . If an NBA game added the graphics and gameplay of NBA 2K , and the Franchise Mode of Live , I would never put my controller down . But since that is n't gon na happen soon , I think I 'd rather stick with NBA 2K . But if a deep Franchise mode is what you want , then go for this one . For now , I 'll pass .
 NBA Live 08 is the worst basketball simulation game out right now . It 's really easy to just give it to ur best player and have him drive in for the dunk or layup , and its the same way for the AI its impossible to guard a dunk . I just played as the lakers against the Celtics and the final score was 120 to 115 !! Both teams had over 100 points by the end of the 3rd quarter !! Besides the horrible gameplay , the menus are terrible ! the dynasty mode does have a lot of cool features , but its still difficult to manage ur team , because the menus arent fluid . 2ks menus are always very easy to go through . Also u cant improve a plyers stats through dynasty like on 2K . The graphics are pretty good , if u like comical disney graphics ! The players look like they are all 5 foot and have huge heads , and they look ridiculous running down the court . If ur looking to buy an NBA game get 2K8 .
 the control itself sucks - passing is akward , shots look weird , players do n't move like they do in real life when setting up a play ... graphics are disappointing as well ... i liked nba live 05 better than this game ... it seems to be choppy and does n't flow like a bball game should
 This cd rom slot style is an alright game just as long as you do n't have anything else to play . If you have any others , they would be more interesting than this one . The game has some fun bonus rounds but there are not that many . My advice is to find something else like Reel Deal Slots Nickel Alley .
 This game does not work on a Mac and I got the run around while trying to resolve it . It still has n't been resolved and this was purchased more than a month ago .
 I bought two of these . One broke the first time I used it , the other lasted two weeks . Simply put , these controllers are cheap . They are n't as durable as standard Nintendo controllers . Buyer beware . If I had it to do over , I 'd have bought some authentic N64 contollers .
 This controller is not good quality and mine broke in around 3-4 weeks . Better if you buy the Official Funtastic Controller by Nintendo . If you dont have the money to pay $ $ $ for the official one . . I suggest you buy the Mad Catz Advanced Control Pad which costs the same and feels just like the Real controllers + has comfortable hand grips + slow motion and turbo mode buttons .
 I bought THREE of these for my kids for Christmas so that we could all play . It has been a year and a half , and they have all broken . One had the `` Z '' button break , and the other two had the wiring go bad . These are JUNK !
 Purchased 2 -LRB- in black -RRB- ... if you drop it , it is garbage . The pad holds-up for 2 weeks of constant use . The joystick hesitates after a month of use . Not a good product at all . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 I bought this THING a week ago -LRB- 6/9/00 -RRB- , it broke today -LRB- 6/17/00 -RRB- . On top of that , it was sooo hard to grip . I have 10 games and it 's bad with all of them . Trust me , get a regular controller .
 the expansion pack is an awesome piece of hardware , but do NOT buy this one . whenever i play games that use the pack , such as turok , star wars racer , or perfect dark , the n64 will overheat every time and cause the game to crash . if you 're gon na buy memory , get the one made by nintendo . do not waste your money on this ...
 This thing is horrible . I bought it so I could play the full bit of Perfect Dark and it was the cheapest expansion pack on amazon.com at the time . The first thing I thought when I started playing with it was , `` This ai n't quality . '' It constantly overheats and freezes gameplay , making most games that require an expansion pack to play -LRB- Perfect Dark is a perfect example -RRB- completely and unfortunately unplayable . EVERY time , and I mean EVERY time , I 've played Perfect Dark , the game has n't stopped because I flipped the `` Off Switch '' on the console , but because the screen freezes with music and sound-effects journeying into the annoying D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D infinite for sounds that reminds me of a certain C64 computer freeze effect , circa 1983 , when one pours a day old cup of warm apple juice into the tower . Even worse , sometimes gameplay continues , but the sound stops ! It makes you realize what a big part of a game sound is when the President gets assassinated because you could n't hear an enemy 's wild warning shots at him . While I appreciate Pelican exposing this fact to me , I 'd still like to have the full 3D surround sound goodness that is included with well manufactured games . I 've had these problems with such quality games as Rogue Squadron , Perfect Dark and even CovertOps
 the pack is nice for graphics but my pack seems to have a major over heating problum . If it is played for more than a half hour the game will freeze . I have a cooling system for the console now but it only allows me to get 2.5 hours then it will freeze again . I hope you have better luck than I did .
 First of . This isnt a Nintendo certified device . Just like Gameshark , Nintendo advises you not to use these products , because if soething does happen you cant go to Nintendo for the warranty because you already broke it by sing an uncertified device . And I 'm sure pelican wont help you any because on the box or in the instructions it will say . `` We are not held responsible for any problems blah blah blah . . '' . It weighs half as much as the nintendo certifield expansion pak . -LRB- pelican .25 lbs NEP .5 lbs -RRB- Which means the Pelican is probably lacking the memory that the NEP -LRB- Nintendo Expansion Pak -RRB- has . That is why overheating problems seem to be happening and why it is cheaper . So basically it does the same thing as the NEP but does a poorer job when the time is demanded for higher performance games such as Perfect Dark which require the NEP . The NEP is expensive I know but i was lucky . I found a cupon for it for 10 dollers instead of 30 in a magazine for Electronic Botique . So I got it for 10 bucks . Happy hunting .
 This expansionpack is a failure . Oh sure , it gives a little better graphics but thats all . Just get the other one .
 Do not buy this expansion pak . It overheats and crashes any game that makes use of it in around 30 minutes , every time . Playing games that do not use the expansion pak and you are fine , but if you play any game that uses it , the game will crash after 30 minutes and the pak itself will be scorching hot . Spend the $ 30 and find yourself an official nintendo expansion pak , be it on Amazon , eBay , or from a local seller.I opened this pak up to see if maybe there was a problem with the heatsink , or if it needed to be repasted , and the `` heat sink '' is just a piece of the aluminum casing screwed to the pcb pressing against the chip with a glob of paste in between them . It 's a joke , and you should n't buy it .
 Installing this into my N64 has made it automatically reset over and over . It has ruined my N64 !!! I was sold JUNK !!!
 Hard Rock Casino is yet another example of what happens when too many production companies get hold of one idea . The goal oriented advancement in `` Adventure Mode '' requires the player to play specific games , non of which have instructions . If the producers of this game put half as much time and money into gameplay as they did making in game hype and obnoxious voice overs this might have turned out to an an alright game , but they did n't and it is n't . A total waste of money .
 Do n't even bother with this game . The graphics are great but redundant . Movement is choppy and eradic . The game ` borders ' make it hard to negotiate around the field . Stupid story line -LRB- in fact , nothing on the package is in the game -RRB- . Buyer BEWARE . This game sucks .
 Ok , I 've been a Simpsons fan for bout 20 years now so there 's definitly a certain level of excitement to play them in a video game . The characters do , for the most part , stay true to the show , and there are many funny clips that are enjoyable . The fun , however , stops here . The gameplay is very poor , and for me , extremely frustrating . It pretty much plays like a low-budget game with poor camera angles , sub-par graphics , and annoying and pointless tasks . Even as a Simpsons fan , I can only give this game 1-2 stars . Good to have as a novelty , but if you 're looking for a good time , look elsewhere .
 I expected better , i wanted to see 3 molds of them instead there 2d - ish , and i was fine with that untill i found out the button play is limited to 3 butttons , it told me one thing this was going to be a Very BOring game , and guess what it was ,
 Not much fun at all and a bit too difficult & crude for my 6 year old for whom it was intended .
 This product never got a chance to work . Put batteries in it and did n't turn on or work at all . Really disappointed . Was n't worth the money to send it back . Do n't recommmend .
 I am very sad that I was cheated out of getting the real thing , I ordered the Pelican Quake Pak Plus 256k Memory in Blue , but I got a generic Rocker pak instead . Watch out , you do n't always get what you wish for . Buy from Amarzon only ! not from the marketplace people .
 The graphics are okay , but the controls are very difficult making the game impossible to play . i reccomend not using Windows XP to play it , even though Xp is what i have , it is a Very good Program windows XP is , and it will play anything . well , it didnt play Coffin rock , would not install it , couldnt Patch it . Rustin parr and Elly kedward played and installed just fine . the point being i payed for 3 games to play Not 2 . the controls and Glitches make you think your Pc is Fixing to Crash , the game freezes up , Refuses to cooperate , anD Closes . The problem is that It uses Nocturne as its engine , Nocturne uses up alot of Hard drive space and Will slow even the most Newwest and defragmented of Pcs . just dont buy this game , its a waste of money .
 I bought this game for my ten year old and now he wants a gun . He borrowed mine but apparently this game does n't actually teach gun handling skills and now our cat is dead . Would not recommend this game .
 I was fine with my AK47 and Barret 50 Cal happily hunting deer and small game , and then I played this and became psychopathic killer . If only we had armed guards on every corner , that the government did n't pay for or control ...
 This is perhaps one of the single most horrendous games to ever come from a third-rate game creator . Truth be told , Crave Entertainment is probably more like a 4th rate creator . The graphics are painful to look at , the guns are LAME , the sound effects of the weapon discharge sound like they were made by banging two trash can lids together . Actaully , they 're so weak they probably WISH they sounded like two trash can lids.NRA Gun Club could very well be the single worst game in the history of games , and I assure you I am not being dramatic here . Go look for a review on a website like gamespot . Although if you do , you 're wasting your time . This game is pure garbage , and Crave Entertainment should be as ashamed of itself as I am .
 Save your money kids , this is the biggest waste of time and money I have ever spent . The controls stink , sloppy and slow . Play something else and waste your childhood having fun , buy yourself a BB gun
 Possibly the worst shooting game I 've ever laid my eyes on , let alone played . The graphics are poor for its time , the gameplay is downright boring , and the guns are n't accurately depicted . It does n't show how to handle guns , and does n't even bother with their function , largely . There is n't any noticeable sway , wind , or other obstacles to the players shooting , and the input is too coarse for the controller . Honestly , just bad . STAY AWAY .
 This game made me a miscreant . Now I run around to various schools shooting them up . Before this game , I had no idea guns killed people .
 So the NRA says that violent video games are the problem , yet they themselves sell shooting games . Well this game is not only awful , but it is produced by an awful organization . Do not buy this !
 I did n't even get to play the game , I just looked at it , went outside and shot everybody up!I wish Wayne had told us sooner.DON ' T BUY !!!
 I got to the title screen , and suddenly I wanted to shoot defenseless people . Basically , even though I never actually played the game , it mind controls you into killing everything that moves , I already Bought 2 hand guns and an M16 because I put this into my console.be warned , you will kill someone if you touch this game or read this review .
 Every child that I allowed to play this game in my household has become extremely violent within 1 or 2 playings . Fortunately , I am a huge supporter of our right to bear arms , so I have 12 AK-47s in case they try something . I must be prepared to defend myself -LRB- as a responsible gun owner -RRB- from these 10 to 12 year olds . I also like to hunt rabbits and squirrels , because it makes me feel like more of a man . 30 rounds into a squirrel usually gets the ol' testosterone flowing . This game gives me that same rush , without having to go outside
 Anybody who buys his `` game '' deserves it . Only a complete bone head would purchase something like that for their kid . It 's a great training aid for future school shooters though .
 I was playing with the grandkiddies when one of them put NRA Gun Club on the tv . Suddenly , it was as though I was being controlled by the devil himself . I grabbed the AK-47 I use for shootin up turnips and that 's the last thing I remember before being bundled into the squad car . Let this be a lesson to you younguns . Video games are dangerous !
 I do n't get it ? Mortal Kombat is the reason for America 's gun violence problems but this game is n't ? Does that make it ok to shoot up a school/cinema then if the only game I have ever played is this one ?
 Ooops , I bought this game and now I 'm a gun nut psycho killer . Thanks for the day-late warning , Wayne LaPierre !
 Full disclosure
 Exactly one week after 20 first grade children were slaughtered by gunfire in a Connecticut elementary school , Wayne LaPierre , a man who in his career has made millions from the dues of NRA members and the self-interested donations of gun manufacturers , had the gall to blame the killing on video games . Who made this game ? The NRA -- a naked marketing attempt to increase interest in gun ownership . Hypocrites . Most of the NRA is compromised of ordinary law abiding citizens who use their guns for hunting , self protection and shooting practice . Do these citizens need an unrestricted arsenal of military grade weapons to engage their hobbies?The big idea the NRA offers to protect our school children from gun fire is to put an armed guard at every one of our nation 's 99,000 schools . Mr. LaPierre wants the NRA to provide an army of volunteer guards to work without pay , without benefits , without union protection , without health , accident or liability insurance to stand over our innocent children and their peaceable teachers with guns in hand . But only until the Federal Government can start paying for it.Oh , and like he conveniently forgot his own organization made this video game , he apparently forgot that there was an armed guard at Columbine High School the day those innocent children were slaughtered by gunfire . I know , so many children have been slaughtered by gunfire in our country it is hard to keep track of which ones had an armed guard guarding them and which did not and which ones were shot by the armed guards who were guarding them.Disingenuous response from an industry hack . Does the NRA really support you ? It is funded by you and the gun industry that relies on your belief that guns make you safer . Ownership of guns make it MORE not LESS likely that you or your loved one will be injured or killed by a bullet . That is why pediatricians ask parents if they keep guns in the house.The gun industry is lying to you , just like the tobacco industry lied to my late grandmother , telling her cigarettes were beautiful and healthy when in reality they were setting her up for a long , painful suffocating death.The NRA is killing us with extremism and devotion to profits . To think any of us were fooled into thinking that in one week 's time NRA would stand as a voice of reason in finding a middle path that permits reasonable , sane exercise of Second Amendment freedoms .
 Played this game for about 3 hours before getting the sudden urge to go Donald Duck hunting . This video game has warped my fragile little mind .
 The NRA , in their infinite wisdom , know that videogames will turn you into a violent killer . Take their advice and stay far away from this game for your own well being .
 Bought this game thinking it would help reinforce the recreational shooting rules and safety training that I had instilled into my amurican family . However , decided to return after the recommend assault rifles/extended magazines caused my 5 year old to recoil from shooting a 12 point buck and hit like 20 of our hunting buddays ... !!!????
 this game is amazing.I just wish they told me in the description that it will not work on a windows 7 machine .
 I used to have Armageddon on my old PIII , but ca n't for the life of me get either game to run on my Vista machine . Pisses me off because I used to love this game ...
 The actual game , worms armageddon can work on windows 7 . This is not made by team 17 , this is some flash player installation program which does not work . You have to explore the disc to find the . exe and tinker with it to get the installation going . Once installed , the game will not open because the way they created this disc it is incompatible to play on windows 7 . If you are using an operating system more modern than windows 98 , do not waste your money on this seller .
 Unfortunately , I 've bought it for WA , but when I tried to install it , could n't get it to work on couple of different systems , including XP SP2 , XP SP3 and Vista . Really frustrating , because I was really looking forward to it .
 My son was so excited to get this game for Christmas after playing it at a friend 's , imagine his disappointment when we realized it will not run on his computer since he has windows vista and of course you can not return open software ...
 Ok first off the idea is a really good one . I have always loved the medevil ages type games . Between this game and Stronghold 2 Stronghold 2 wins by a mile . In Stronghold Legends they do add alot of new units and I find it to be a much cooler , funner game with dragons and wizards . It makes it more of a medevil ages type game . The problem with this game is that they took away to much of what made stronghold stand out from the other medevil games . In Legends you get only stone walls , No wood walls . And where as most people would find that to not be a big deal I find it to be stupid . This is because you may not always have a ton of stone to work with but you almost always have MORE then enough wood . You get to make moats -LRB- Arthur only -RRB- but you do n't get drawbridges . -LRB- whats the point in a moat if you ca n't use it to protect your WHOLE castle . -RRB- It says in the book that your gatehouse is seen as a soft target and must be garded well . And yet you ca n't build a moat in front of it otherwise no one can get in OR OUT of your castle . Along with your gatehouses you have no control over them being open or closed . They just always stay closed until one of your troops get close to it , then it automaticly opens for him . The problem I have found with this is that one of my guys walked up to the gate and the enemy walked right in with him . Almost as if they where long lost friends who where both serving diffrent kings . `` Hey Phil '' the enemy would say . `` Oh hey Chuck , hows it going '' my guy would say back . `` Oh its going good . My King ... your kings enemy ... has told me to come kill your king . You mind if I come in . '' the enemy would ask . `` Well I do n't think my king would like you killing him ... but ... you ARE my friend from 30 years ago and I was sorta able to trust you back then . So ... Sure come on in Chuck . '' The game has changed too much over the years . The very first stronghold was awsome for its time . Then stronghold 2 came out which is way better then the first one but its pretty much the same exact game . And then they had this AWSOME idea to make Stronghold Legends and its a really good idea its just they took away too much of what made Stronghold a TRUE castle builder . If you want a good castle builder game go with Stronghold 2 but do n't spend the money on Stronghold Legends . You get to do SOOOOO much more in Stronghold 2 .
 Its really bad . First off its super buggy - I have yet to have a game last longer then 30 minutes without a crash , had to reinstall it like 5 times and best of all it doesnt have LAN multiplayer -LRB- in this day and age which is a crime -RRB- . Second , it adds new units but takes old ones away , they havent improved the graphics at all - so the ones that looked bad in Stronghold 2 now look really bad , the economic side of its been killed off , its all about combat now but they havent fixed the combat system up.So its become a bland generic RTS with bad graphic rather then a quicky , fun , differnt castle sim with bad graphics .
 Why do we as consumers continue to ` PAY ' for companies like FireFly studios mistakes . For all of the companies out there that create bad games which include so many damn bugs , glitches , and oh did I mention bugs and glitches ? , PLEASE pluck it out and re-think before sending out a game that 's going to tarnish your reputation . Honestly , consumers in the game world do n't buy brand designer names we could care less , we buy a game for how it feels when you play it . But gamers do know what companies out there are sending out bad buggy crappy games and will avoid them at all cost . Actually , this was a serious burn to me as I should 've done better research on this game before buying it , at the same time , if we had companies that gave a crap for the consumer this would n't be an issue . Aside from the fact that the game freezes up , and has to be re-installed over and over , and needs more patch work than a broken down battle ship this game is pretty good . . oh and as long as you like to play a game for just about twenty minutes . FireFly studios should give everyone not only an appology for making crappy software they should send everyone a check for the money that they 've stolen from consumers . Of course , they 're laughing all the way to the bank on this game .
 I ordered this product because of the picture . I thought I was getting the classic game of life . I was sent the new version which I hate .
 I ordered The Game of Life , as pictured . I received The Game of Life , Path to Success . NOT the same game at all and NOT what I ordered . This happened not once , but twice . I 'm giving up on getting the right game through Amazon , I 'll either have to find the one I lost or order it somewhere else .
 Well , the product would never actually load , so I never got the chance to experience the game on the computer . However , I know the game is fun , so I suggest getting it , just not from the same retailer .
 I ca n't believe I wasted $ 15 on this stupid thing . It looked nice and pretty and all , but looks are deceiving -LRB- if that 's how you spell it -RRB- . It 's comfortable , but that 's just about the only good thing . This thing pretty much is not pressure sensitive . Lets say you move the analog stick just a wee little bit , your character in the game moves a bit slow . You move it a wee bit more , and the character moves at maximum speed . And the stick is n't even touching the frame of the controller . Also , when using the analogs , they seem to have a tendency to get stuck . For example , you move the analog stick all the way out in one direction , lets say , to make the game character turn . You bring back the stick to the middle and the character is still turning . The price looks good , but it 's not worth it . Your best off going with an official controller , like ones made by Sony or Logitech .
 I purchased this controller a year ago and it worked , but it is also gentelly USED which was not clearly advertised.To the standards of the official PS2 controller , this `` Gently used '' microCon is sluggish and clumsy it only worked well during racing games or to give to a friend who YOU want to lose at video games . The buttons get stuck in and there is dirt in between the corners of the controller from odvious usage.This controller was nistolgic because as a child i owned 2 of the original madcatz microCon for ps2 and Xbox with my 1st ps2 and xbox systems.Poor Controller due to the fact that it is was `` Gently used '' , but the one i owned for over 5 years works better then the used one brought on amazon.This controller only worked well upon taking it appart and washing the buttons and rubber with dish washing liquid and WD-40 .
 The USPS had a problem getting it to me . The product showed up at my parents without a problem , but when they shipped it to me overseas , we ... Apparently someone in the European Postal relays to get things to military bases decided that they needed one . Broke open a box containing the pad and another item , took the pad out it 's box -LRB- which was unopened -RRB- and then retaped the whole thing and sent it off sans control pad.This is n't your fault in anyway but if there is any extra pressure you can put on the Postal Service to investigate these problems would be appreciated . It 's been a real problem for the last 6 months for servicemembers overseas.Otherwise , I 'll look forward to future transactions and will make sure I insure every package .
 I bought this controller as a second controller and was fairly satisfied with it . Then , after about a year , the left analog stick started getting stuck so that it was constantly turning . I never got the `` Macro '' thing to work at all , and it never would work with one of my games . Mostly I used my Dualshock2 controller and just used the Microcon for a second controller in 2 player games . Now , since it wo n't even work for that I 'm going to buy a new Dualshock2 controller . And as for the smaller size , I never really cared about that since I 'm used to the larger ones .
 That 's So Raven 2 Supernatural Style is a REALLY bad game . I would not recommend it too all my friends and family or anyone who is a fan of the show . My friend Kylie keeps asking me if she can throw it away because she hates it so much .
 i did not yike this game ever . ever ever because it makes me throw up . raven every time i play it it it makes me not good . raven once told me about this . simple thing is that i just do n't get it . no one does . PLEASE POST THIS REVIEW TOYS R US ! -LRB- ... -RRB- i want to warn other people about this game it annoy s me the games are boring plot is not good like who game up with this game it does n't make sense why people like this i either poop are go pee every time i play with it or like i said it just annoys me i hope people understand what id go threw every day i am five years old and no one understands why i do n't like it i keep telling them what it makes me do ... . please know that raven does what no one knows about the game is easy although it does n't really do anything it does n't teach me anything it can be finished in five minutes can me easy or hard mostky boring got ta go poopies -LRB- ... -RRB-
 i like this game and i find that i played this game alot but im stuck at the zoo because i cant catch the monkey other than that its a fun game but if i knew that it would be dang near impossible to catch the monkey i wouldnt have brought it
 This toy is very fun but hard . I cant even beat level one . This toy is only good for kids ten and up.The only thing is that the older kids probaly dont even like Kim Possible . It should be way easyer then then this so the younger children can play with this neat toy . So you can see why this toy is so bad . Now you can see why I rated it so poorly .
 I bought this game primarily for the weapons . I 'm a huge Western nerd , and there are n't too many first-person shooters out there that realistically model weapons of the Western era -LRB- or , in this case , mostly pre-cursors of those weapons -RRB- . I had watched a few gameplay videos online , and despite the poor reviews , it looked good enough to get on the cheap and shoot around.The Good - The weapons . They are well-modeled , and pretty accurate in appearance . Reloading has obviously been greatly sped up -LRB- and even then , it still seems interminable to reload one of the black-powder revolvers -RRB- , but it still goes through most of the realistic motions . The guns are cycled , new cartridges inserted , cylinders replaced , powder poured , etc. . I admire the accuracy the development team attempted . Also , the guns are all based off of actual guns used during the period . Now , no one soldier ever used all of these guns at once -LRB- most just had their standard issue rifles , and I believe only officers were issued the then-new revolvers -RRB- , and it 's hard to see a practical difference in most of the rifles besides reloading time , but it was still very fun to have so many different options . The Sharps rifle , the early Winchester lever-action , a cap-and-ball musket , the Colt revolving rifle , all cool . Also nice is the large puff of smoke that each gun gives off -LRB- accurate -RRB- , and the gun-shots sound very satisfying.The graphics are not bad , for the most part.Creating a Civil War FPS is unique and a nice break from WWII and modern action games.The Bad - Everything else . What voice-acting there is is terrible , the scripted events are yawn-inducing , the damage modeling is just as annoying as the Medal of Honor and Call of Duty games -LRB- where an enemy takes three shots and only cringes for a second , then keeps firing -RRB- , the constant enemy spawning sucks , your teammates are useless , the enemy AI is dumb , the missions are all boring and repetitive , the level design is boring and obviously linear -LRB- invisible barriers everywhere ! -RRB- , and the game utterly fails at recreating a compelling Civil War experience . ** So , while it was worth it to me to pick up cheap just to shoot these guns , I would n't recommend the game to anyone else . I admire the development team for taking a chance and doing something other than another WWII or modern FPS , but they could have done a lot better . Here 's hoping someone tries again !
 Title says it all -- would not operate on previous computer , either . Some graphics are clear , the rest is a jumble of lines and colors . -LRB- Companion game Civil War
 this game is not realistic and not fun to play ... usually you can expect high quality and good value for anything with `` The History Channel '' name on it ... however ... in this case it is a real `` DUD '' . do n't waste your money !!!
 This is an arcade type real time first person kind of game . How much real history is there depends on your viewpoint on shoot 'em up games . I did not care for it at all and was a waste of my time . If you want real history look for the HPS games .
 My daughter bought this program for me for Christmas because I am a Civil War enthusiast . What a piece of junk !!! I realized it would not run on Vista so I attempted to run it in XP compatible ... no luck . I tried three different video cards ... still no luck . I then brought out my work laptop with XP and it fits all of the requirements . It will go past the first minute and then the frame rate is so bad it is not worth playing . If I had known that it was a worthless game I would have returned it but since I have used Activision before I felt I would eventually get it to operate correctly ... wrong.Don ' t waste your money !
 What a big mistake . I talked my daughter -LRB- 6 years -RRB- into picking this game thinking it would be fun for us to do together since I like the kid games better . She says it is to hard to get Cinderella to move and gave up after half hour of fumbling . So I sit down to play and beat the game in one hour ten minutes . Cinderella is very hard to move and has bad response time.You have two paths you can travel on and they put things in the way so you have to jump back and forth from one another.Then you are a mouse and you have to travel through tunnels and gears or something to finish -LRB- This was the best part of the game -RRB- Then you have to pop bubbles.Anyway this game would probably be fun for a 3 year old IF she moved better but my 6 year old has trouble.Don ' t waist your money on this one.We bought magic Pegasus at the same time and this is a great game buy that one .
 The game is fun and the graphics are good but it has a lot to read so my daughter is a 5 year old and she is always asking what it says in the screen so she needs help .
 If you loved the Wario Ware series , then stick to those games.For the first time ever , you can play microgames that go really fast , in this War ... wait a second . This is n't WarioWare . What made WarioWare such a great game was that it showed a new experience in games like never before , where a bunch of microgames would be switching every few seconds . Now we find one game that attempts to go in the footsteps of WarioWare , Lizzie McGuire 3
 I spit on this game . It 's another bad game made off a show . Maybe fans of the show will like it . That 's a BIG maybe .
 lizzie mcguire 3 home coming havoc is simply not worth -LRB- ... -RRB- . lizzie mcguire 3 home coming havoc is to short and the fun to short lived . * shelly *
 Lizzie McGuire 3 is a collection of mini-games -LRB- which range in length from roughly 2-8 seconds -RRB- fall into ten different categories
 It 's very pretty , but even with a P3 500mhz voodoo 3 the game loses frames . The tanks do n't handle like they used to . The emphasis is on action . I would n't recomend it for strategy fans or action fans .
 A lot of good reviews -- two perfect 5 star reviews even . Amazon.com gets to choose which reviews are `` featured '' , so that 's not really much of a surprise.You should definitely read more reviews . The graphics are okay , but the design of the graphics in this game are considered to be very cartoonish by many . Bright oranges , glowing blues , and odd color assortments await you in this game . Do yourself a favor and search for the original Battlezone . That was a game I played so many years ago I ca n't even remember when , but I remember clearly the missions and the specific gameplay elements because it was so good . The story made more sense , the missions did n't tell you exactly what to do -LRB- you had to figure it out , which was the fun part -RRB- , and the overhead map was accessible from the push of a button rather than getting out of your vehicle all of the time . To summarize what these reviews -LRB- on the first page -RRB- are all leaving out : - You 'll have to get out of your vehicle constantly . Because the drivers of other vehicles just are n't smart enough to do the job themselves . You 'll also have to do this to access the tactical map , the only way of ordering units around without actually driving there -LRB- by which time the units in question will have already been destroyed , too little , too late -RRB- - Missions are n't involving , and the story does n't continue from the original game . In short , there 's really not much of a story , as you 'll find yourself doing strange things that you 've been ordered to do for no apparent reason - Interface is cluttered , buttons rearrange themselves based on the order that you built things , and it 's a nightmare finding the right keys to press during the heat of battle . In many games , the only deciding factor of whether you 'll win or lose is if you find the right keys fast enough
 The first time I played this game , it seemed pretty cool , but the longer I played the more I realized that the interface was no good , there is no way to control all of your guys at once , you have to go to their positions to give orders , basically if they are under attack , they 're dead by the time you get there.Another thing is that the skirmish mode stinks , there are only 5 maps and you ca n't choose what race you want to be for each map . Plus , on some maps , the AI is completely stupid , and on some it is just the opposite . This game is just plain boring , it gets on your nerves a lot . If you like strategy , stay away from this game , get Red Alert 2 instead .
 To be honest , when I first looked at Battlezone 2 , I thought it would be pretty darn cool , I mean , with graphics like those , what can beat it ? Everything . The first problem I encountered was the excruciatingly long installing period , which takes about as long as a brick moving 10 yards on it 's own . When I finally woke up and saw the installing program had finished , I booted up what would be one of the worst gaming expiriences of my life . After the dull entrance cinematic , I was again forced to wait another half an hour to get past the frickin ' main `` menu '' which takes you practically straight to the 1 - player mode , then gives you 3 seconds to take a quick glance at the crucial controls . The boring cinematic will have you alreading pulling your hair with it 's poor effort put into it 's sound which will make you struggle to hear what the `` commanders '' are whispering to you . When you actually start playing , you 'll first encounter a rushed , buggy feeling with your ship and poor brake engine -LRB- hope this thing has airbags -RRB- . The mapping is pretty sorry itself . A huge map is n't all bad , but if the timed mission is held in only one hard-to-find location , you could get a little ticked off . The computer `` animal enemy '' AI misses every shot of the occaisonal fire from them , and they have a life meter so long you 'll be wondering why you just did n't bring a can of radiation with you . Whether it 's the lame storyline or the lousy controlls , Battlezone 2 is a real miss .
 Ok , by reading the reviews of the people here , I can see someone has figured this game out . I bought it not realizing it had missions where you had to do certian thing at certain times . I thought this was going to more of a graphics rich version of Dune 2000 or Tiberian Sun ... was I dissapointed.It takes forever just to get to play a mission . The mission starts loading up and someone starts talking , I guess giving a little story to the mission you are about to play . But , I can see that it 's all loaded up within a few seconds , but the person just keeps talking . I ca n't get it to skip past that so I can go ahead a play . This is very frustrating . In a nutshell , I stopped trying to figure it out and went on to buy another game to play . Get something else , this sucks .
 Do n't waste your money on this game . European airwar is by far a more realistic game . The cockpits are not accurate and the is game is hard to play . The prop is way to small and looks stupid . The terrain looks good , but the gunnary looks stupid . This is one of the worste flight sims I have seen .
 Is it possible for a game to be TOO realistic ? The graphics are excellent , and there 's a lot of bass to everything . Now , shall I go into the negative parts ? I 'm against the claim that video games cause violence in the populace , but this game nearly changed my opinion . In Kingpin , it 's `` f-this '' and `` f-that , '' and `` Do n't look at my -LRB- expletive -RRB- . '' Even casual talk has the F-word butting into the conversation , and I was very disgusted with the conversations that my character engaged in . I returned the game soon after I installed it because I thought the `` gritty '' subject matters detracted from the `` fun factor '' of the game . How can one have fun cussing and killing other people that cuss back ? Sure , Quake and other games are violent , but not as wanton , gratuitous , and obscene as THIS game . I admit that I like some violence , but not even * I * would defend Kingpin from accusations of youth violence . Aside from that , bullets leave exit marks on the opponents , but so does the crowbar , the levels are very confusing , making you run in circles , and objectives are very vague . Heed the rather large warning labels on the box PLEASE . This game is DEFINETELY NOT for kids ... and even some grown-ups !
 Kingpin is the Phantom Menace of video games . The graphics are breathtaking , especially at 1024 x 768 . It incorporates hundreds of skins and textures to give that seedy , dark atmosphere to the game . However , take away the fancy computer graphics and you 're left with a terrible plot , confusing layout and boring gameplay.There are so many problems I do n't even know where to start . Enemy AI is best described as psychotic . They run around in circles , shooting at the walls . Often times they run in squares and incessantly yell insults at you -LRB- actually there are about 4 that repeat over and over again -RRB- . Enemies are either telepathic since the instant you unholster your gun , they fire at you . Talk about your quickdraws ! Although the plot is decent , the map layout is so confusing you 'll end up circling around yourself looking for the door to the next level.And then there 's the weapons . The rocket launcher has a blast radius of 2 feet . You literally have to hit your opponent or else they will kill you . Also they can jump over rocket explosions . That 's right , jump over . The flamerthrower requiries at least 15 seconds to kill anyone . The Heavy Machine Gun shoots 3 bullets a time , and can kill you from 2 miles away . The shotgun takes about 10 seconds to reload 8 shells . And the grenade launcher can sometimes take out a whole room , while other times it barely scratches the furniture.Well if the first person game sucks , multiplayer should be fun , right ? Nope , guess again . Even though I 'm running a P2-300 with 192mb ram , 16mb TNT2 video card and a cable modem , every -LRB- I repeat -RRB- , EVERY , online game I 've played has had lag . We 're talking Grade A , jumbo-lag flown in from Alaska . I 've logged about 40 hours online , and there has n't been one game where I 've seen characters float in the air , walk in slow motion , or skip to several places at once . You guessed it , Kingpin is the Matrix of video games ! . As soon as you get your opponent in your sights , he disappears and reappears several feet away , conventiently shooting at you.If you want multiplayer action , get Unreal Tournament . If you want violence , gore and some serious gunning action , wait for Soldier of Fortune . If you want to curse at the monitor screen and yell `` work dammit , work ! '' , by all means get Kingpin .
 My husband got this for his brand new PSP . I wish we had done more research first . To install this analog stick , you have to remove the original one . Although my husband was very , very careful , the original analog stick broke in the process . To add insult to injury , the replacement rubbery analog stick does n't even work well ! It rubs against the faceplate of the PSP instead of moving smoothly . We are now waiting for a replacement OEM analog stick . Hopefully the internal mechanism is n't damaged . If it is , we will have to void the warranty to fix it ourselves or send it in for repairs . Buyer beware !
 ok first of all I got one like this at gamestop and it said for all psps 1000 , 2000 , 3000 . And I thought it was great , it comes with 5 parts and the one for the 3000 was ony a cover for the analog stick . The one for the 1000 was a real analog stick , So I wasted $ 5 . Do n't ever get this if you have a 3000 or 2000 psp . For a psp 1000 it would work fine , so I guess it depends on which psp model you have ...
 this item sucks i got it when i lost the regular one and i put it on the psp but i kept getting stuck up top and i kept having to pause the game take the stick of move it around then put the stick back on every five seconds its hard to use its terrable moving gets me killed playing shooting games online so now i wasted my money and i just have to go with that little nub that holds the stick it hurts my thumb and i cant play games for very long because it hurts so much im getting way less use out of my psp because of it dont buy these get something else
 These things BLOW !!! If you wan na trash yer analog stick and have to replace yer core , BUY THESE !!!!
 These have caused me to have to replace the analog mechanism inside my PSP twice until I wised up -- there is something about using them , if you are the kind of player who presses kinda heavy on his sticks , -LRB- I do it unintentionally -RRB- you WILL screw the internal mechanism up and need to either replace the internal mechanism yourself or send it in somewhere for service . .
 I do n't really like the analog `` nub '' on the PSP and avoid games that make me use it . These little replacement snap-on joystick covers mitigate that flaw -- they 're easy to grab , stick up , and increase the `` throw '' of the joystick.Unfortunately , they also stick way up into the air , making it impossible to use a normal PSP carrying case such as the wonderful Logitech PlayGear Pocket case , or even the propylene sleeve that comes with the unit.As much as I want to like these things , they 're just too impractical for my * portable * unit .
 I usually do n't write reviews but am so thankful for the input from others on this , and having had my analog core destroyed by using this product , wanted to help warn others . The physics of the over-size and taller stick , as stated by others , does wear down your analog core somehow . It took only 3-4 weeks on mine with very limited play , maybe 4-5 hours at most.DO NOT BUY at any cost , it is not worth it . I returned mine and spend the money on buying a new analog core/button on ebay . I intend to contact the manufacturer to recommend a recall .
 These products `` feel '' nice and respond nicely , but as mentioned before , will mess up your analog core . Have had to replace mine three times until I gave up and finally found an original replacement .
 Like one of the other guys said , these things will end up totally screwing up your analog core . Because the center of gravity is higher than the regular nubs , it ends up putting pressure on the wrong areas and your analog will eventually quit responding like you want it to . The best bet is to get a replacement nub that is similiar in size to the original , but has added grip . There are sites on the internet that have these . DO NOT BUY THESE .
 The button that sits atop the analog joystick of my PSP disappeared one day . What remained was a square plastic nub that protrudes from the PSP innards . It was uncomfortable to control games with the square nub , so I searched out a replacement analog joystick . I found none , except for this product.The description for this product acknowledged that the replacement buttons are oversized and claimed that this improves gameplay . It does not . The larger button is no easier to use and does not provide finer-tuned control . It does , however , obscure the down button , making that control action more difficult to input.The replacement button sits higher above the PSP than the original and -LRB- perhaps for this reason -RRB- has a tendency to come off . I have already lost one button from the pack , so it 's a good thing they include three . To be fair , the nub of my PSP may be to blame -- after all , the original button came off as well.While this product may be better than having no analog stick on your PSP -LRB- even this is debatable -RRB- , it definitely is a poor substitute for the original .
 Although description clearly states this Mighty Math Cosmic Geometry version is for Windows XP , IT IS NOT . It is an old software version for Windows 95/98 or Windows 3.1 !!!
 It 's okay for a racing game , since it is old and was cool back then , but actually racing was a little difficult and gets rather akward for it is easy to spin around and can frustrate the even th calmest people in the world . This is more for hardcore Indy fans . It 's a little loud , but next time just go to a real indy track and watch the action , or get a better Racing game .
 How was I to know that this was a fake?Nothing led me to believe it was a fake . I trust Amazon to sell legit items . It 's not like I bought it used , or on eBay , or even from a market vendor that might have been shady.No , i ordered it off the rack from Amazon so to speak . It did n't work right , though , so I sent it to Nintendo for a repair . And they sent it back with a BIG FAT COUNTERFEIT sticker on it.Amazon is helping work this out with me , and I say huge thanks to them for that . But , it makes me question whether I will ever purchase electronics from here again . Which is unfortunate , because I was about to make kind of a big purchase . Glad my Wii itself is legit . Did I just get lucky ? I wonder .
 This control was an addition to my other two , but after using it once it has refused to start up . I have tried syncing over with the console many times but there is no response .
 I purchased two new wii remotes directly from amazon.com . Buying directly from them , I just assumed I would get quality Nintendo wiimotes like the two I already have . I have a third party charging station with battery packs , so the first thing I did was grab a battery pack and stick it in one of the wiimotes . Does n't work at all . Not even a light or a blink . Thinking my battery pack was dead , I put it in my older wiimote , and it started right up . Strike one against new wiimote.So I put some regular batteries into the wiimote and it turned on . `` Maybe Nintendo hates third party chargers now ? '' I think . I wave the wiimote at the screen and hear this strange clicking/rattling noise . It takes me several minutes to realize that this is the wiimote 's `` rumble pack '' feature . A sickly , distracting death rattle that sounds and feels nothing like my old wiimote . Strike two.So ignoring the rattle pack , I navigate a few menus . The cursor is shaking like I have Parkinson 's or something . Games that require any combination of speed and precision are unplayable . I go to the wii system menu and adjust the sensitivity . Still no help . That 's strike three.I repeated all of the above steps with the second new wiimote . Exactly the same results . Two defective units.I looked at a few websites detailing `` counterfeit wiimotes '' but I found none of the clues listed -LRB- counterfeits have subtly different buttons and labels -RRB- . I can only conclude that Nintendo 's QC department is lax , or they 're cutting corners with -LRB- or maybe outsourcing -RRB- production now.The wiimote itself gets two stars . It works , but poorly . Amazon.com gets five stars , even though they sent me a couple of rejects . Their return system is simple -LRB- even printed out a return label for me -RRB- , I did n't have to pay return shipping , and I received a full refund less than a week after I dropped the box in the mail.BOTTOM LINE
 I bought this Wii remote as a second remote for the system . The first thing that tipped me off to this being a different controller than what was supplied with the Wii was that the controller was in a plastic blister pack . Nintendo usually does n't pack their stuff in blister packs ... Usually in cardboard boxes.So I opened it up and installed the batteries . The second thing that tipped me off is the silicone jacket still had mold flash where the mold separated and really was n't that protecting at all ; the silicone was very flimsy and thin.The buttons were also very different . They obviously clicked instead of smoothly breaking . Not an annoyance nor a problem but definitely a differentiator.I was willing to pass on the jacket and the buttons , that is just cosmetic ... then I synced it ... The rumble was not a strong rumble but was a weak , sickly sounding thing . It made more noise than vibration . In Wii Sports Boxing , the remote would not track the same , I had to hold my Wii hand up at a much higher angle just to equal the Nunchuck ; right hooks were IMPOSSIBLE!I really think Nintendo has licensed out their wii remote design to a third party with an agreement . I do not think that this is a knockoff , but obvious quality control issues are present -LRB- less fallout from manufacturing means lower manufacturing cost = lower price or higher profit -RRB- . I returned this one , went to BestBuy where the remote came in a box , and have been happy since .
 2/3/10 I received this and it did not work . I tried it with new batteries , and still did not work . I took the batteries out of our working wii controller , and it still did n't work . I sent an email on January 24 and still have yet to receive a response . I do n't really like writing a poor review , but they say they ship orders daily , but apparently do not respond to emails in the same time-frame .2 / 17/10 As of today , have STILL not heard back from the seller . I guess I am just out $ 32 ...
 1 . I believe that the majority of the 5 star ratings are false and have been populated by the merchant and individuals that he knows personally . It is possible .2 . I received the Wii controller in a bubble wrapped envelope with no casing or instructions and just a Word Document typed copy of my Amazon Invoice .3 . The Wii controller does not work . We did everything that we did with the original Wii controller to make the controller work . We even used new batteries . It dawned on me that this controller was a RIP OFF and most likely a refurbished controller , however , the seller sold it as if it were new and unused .4 . I was highly disappointed and I emailed the seller back at least 10 times within a 5 month period with no response .5 . I just recently purchased another Wii Controller directly from Amazon and it dawned on me that I could try to contact the seller through Amazon and after 7 months I finally received a response , however , instead of apologizing for sending me a piece of crap , the guy accuses me of not installing the controller properly . Mind you this guy never said that this was a refurbished Wii controller and he failed to insert instructions with his cased bubble wrapped package . In the past two weeks this guy sends me at least five emails harassing me telling me that he refuses to give me a refund and will not tell me how to return the Wii controller until get this ... I tell him why the Wii Controller does not work . Is this guy serious ? That is no way to run a business and it 's simply unprofessional.THE MORAL OF THE STORY IS ... DO NOT ... I REPEAT ... DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS GUY . HE FAILS TO TAKE OWNERSHIP FOR THE CONDITION OF HIS MERCHANDISE AND HE WILL GIVE YOU THE RUN AROUND IF YOU ASK FOR YOUR MONEY BACK AND HE ONLY RESPONDS IF HE IS CONTACTED THROUGH AMAZON OR ELSE YOU TOO MAY HAVE TO WAIT 5-7 MONTHS TO BE TOLD THAT HE WO N'T GIVE YOU YOUR MONEY BACK.SINCERELY , TRUTHTELLER -LRB- I DO N'T KNOW ANY OTHER WAY -RRB-
 This is a pure scam . Theses are not even real wii controllers ! I got ripped off for 60 + dollars . They do n't even share the same marks as a real wii contoller . They would n't even link up to the wii . They had cineses writing all over the box -LRB- not what the picture looks like -RRB- When i put the batteriesa in , it would n't evenm light up . No return address . no contact email . Just a 100 % scam . Never had this kind of thing happen to me on Amazon . Do n't know if I will do business with them anymore because they let jelly knecked , gibbereing mororns like this guy to operate freely . And had i been smart and read the reviews , i would have know this was a scam . Countless others have been ripped off by this guy too .
 This was advertised as a Wii Remote BY NINTENDO . It was no such thing . It arrived wrapped in plasti , and had a very cheap feel . The word Nintendo was not on the remoate anywhere . Beware of the Bait and Switch tactics . Make sure you are buying the real thing .
 Purchased this remote for Christmas , it has never worked . I thought at first it was the batteries . After many sets of batteries and efforts to resolve operator error in set up I now know it was and is broken . Purchase with caution .
 The buttons are stuck and are really harrd to press . I think they shouldve atleast cleaned it before sending it out .
 I received the remote in a plastic bag with hand prints on it . Although the picture showed a white controller , the one we recieved was black .
 I bought a Wii 4 moths ago , I decided to buy an extra control in Amazon but unfortunately it only worked 3 days , now it dose not turn on -LRB- of curse the batteries are new -RRB- . I live in M&eacute;xico and is hard to me require a warranty . Nintendo should have a better quality `` CONTROL '' in their products .
 This remote made in Hong Kong was inferior . It did not work in Wii Sports with the lazer pointer
 There are problems with the product that I have n't been able to figure out yet .
 The control is great , and playing with the Wii it 's a lot of fun . The thing I have never understand about Amazon is the shipping charges . It has never been consistant , since Puerto Rico is sometimes intenational and other times domestic.A small and light item can cost a lot in shippin while a big a heavy can cost less . I have been quote almost 50 % of the cost of the item in shipping charge , that is when the item can be sent to PR . To buy I always need to quote the shipping charges to determine if it is a good deal .
 I wish I could review this product but when my package came in , the box was empty and the product was n't in there.I was very upset to the point that I decided not to deal with it and to not order from amazon .
 the remote came quickly and worked as a second remote for 2 days after which time it did not respond correctly at all . no way to callibrate it and it is useless . we are very upset that this was a waste of money !
 the controllers lasted just over 35 days and do not work at all , I recommend buying the orginal I just wanted them to work , They drain batteries rather fast and after day 36 with new batteries do not even turn on
 This wii controller was packaged well and arrived without damage . However , its performance is less than ideal . The controller bounces around on the screen and is very frustrating to attempt to use . Would not recommend .
 I bought a Wii remote controller in May from this seller and did n't recieve the item and had attempted to contact the seller many times with no reply from them and wrote a review stating so and felt that they had taken my money . On May 7th 2009 the seller contacted me by email and stated the following : `` I saw the feedback you left me which damages my Amazon account . I apologize for the problem and lack of communication . We have had our Amazon account on Vacation setting for about a month because we moved our business . I was able to respond to the claim and process a refund . We do ship everything via USPS with delivery confirmation service numbers . Those tracking numbers should have been emailed to you through Amazon . I was n't able to properly review your issue at the time so I went ahead and processed the refund in the A-to-z claim . I wanted to communicate to you about our lack of communication before and apologize for not receiving the item . I respectfully request that you remove the damaging feedback comments on Amazon . We are a family business with no ill intentions which is why we took the refund action . I hope you can take this communication as the truth . I 'll copy instructions below on how to remove the feedback . Thank you very much . `` I have since removed my review but wanted to post this new review for future buyers . You can make up your own mind as to if you wish to buy from them or not .
 I like to buy product which was made in Japan.I bought the extra pair of remote controller for my wii console , but it did n't work .
 The extra controller we bought did not work . Had to go and buy a new one from Bestbuy .
 I received my extra remote in record time , however it does n't work . How do I go about getting this issue fixed ???
 The picture and description said wii controller yet I received a numchuck ! I asked to return to sender and I could if I paid the shipping . She did not have a controller to send back to me ! Very mad !
 i never recived my wii . its been over a month and i would like my money back !! Im very angery !
 This was original equipment . Worked great and got timely and at a fair price .
 this thing broke the first time i used it ... i opened up my wii and started playing wiisports and this thing broke the first time i tried to do a strike ... dont buy this !!!!
 I have bought one wii and 3 of these extra controllers in july/2009 . No one have played it for a week -LRB- vacation trip -RRB- . For my surpise , i have found one of the controllers to be dead after that.I first thought it was just a dead battery issue , but battery was ok -LRB- i 've tried other sets of batts too -RRB- . I think it is a problem with the electronics because there is no led activity by pressing any button.I hope it was just bad luck and the other controllers do n't break the same way ... Edited in 9/9/2009I was about to send it back for a replacement but i did one last attempt , just in case ... After a few days inoperative , i put batteries back in the controller and for my surprise it was back to life.I noticed that the battery indicator was low -LRB- 1 dot -RRB- but the battery was fully charged -LRB- others controllers has 4 dots with same battery set -RRB- . Now the controller seems to be working regularly . Battery indicator seems to be working good.I 'm not sure how long will it work , but i guess i 'll have to wait till it breaks again to get a replacement .
 Buenas , uno de los controles comprados me sali&oacute; malo , la consola del Wii lo detecta pero no detecta el lado derecho . Por ejemplo , cuando se quiere jugar tennis , este siempre las tira para otro lado y no al que uno desea .
 I received the remote controller on time . I could n't use it for about 3 weeks because my Wii console was not ready . So when I finnaly had the chance to use it , it would n't work . Since the item was new , I had faith it would work . I had thrown the box and everything else that came with it out by then . So now I have to buy another one , but not through Amazon .
 I purchased this on 10/12/2012 , after the package was smashed and the manual was in another language so good luck with trying to read it , put in batteries , did n't work , tried other batteries still nothing , tried batteries from a working Wii remote and they still did n't work . This product is inferior , do n't waste your money , buy the Nintendo Wii remote ... Do n't bother with this cheap overseas garbage . Sent back for refund on 10/16 .
 When my controller finally arrived , it did n't work . We tried the batteries that came in the packet , new ones , and the battery pack . Now I do n't know how to send it back for an Exchange . Any suggestions ? My advice ? Never order electronics on Amazon .
 This controller sold by this seller did n't work at all . Complete waste of money in terms of paying extra shipping to have it arrive in time for Xmas only to have it not work and then to have to pay to return it . Do not order this item from Simply Order or VG Outlet ... both appear on this order ... avoid both .
 This controller did not work . We tried to sync it with two different Wii counsels . The lights blinked but it did n't sync .
 The Wii Remote Controller was exactly what I ordered . However , it does not work . It was not shipped in the original package , and when I went to sync it to the console it would not show the curser on the screen . I 've attempted to contact Jcmods for some sort of return/refund but they have no return policy or phone number and do not reply to emails . Bottom line I got what I ordered it just does not work , so be careful when/if purchasing from Jcmods .
 The remote is really bad quality and when you compare it to the original that comes with the system you can tell it is not the same . Look at the home and A buttons , they are not the same as on the original . The sound and rumble pack do n't work correctly . I returned it for a new one and it was also bad . Do n't buy Wii remotes from Amazon , their supplier is screwing them/us .
 I bought this supposedly ` brand new ' remote so that my kids could play their new Wii on Christmas morning . Guess what ? The piece of crap remote will not even turn on ... I am so pissed off and my kids are disappointed that they have to share a remote and ca n't play against each other . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ... they packaged a used , defective remote and gave it to me and said it was new .
 Despite many efforts these non-Nintendo remotes will not sync with my Wii system . It would be nice if they told me they were non made by Nintendo . I should have known , the price was too good . I though my system was broken , so I sent it in with the two original remotes and two of these fake ones and they tell me that they can not guarantee that these remotes will work with their system because they did not make them.So my advice , spend the money and get original equipment by the maker of your gaming system .
 I ordered two of these remotes as Christmas gifts and just received them today . Much to my surprise , all packaging -LRB- and the manual , groan -RRB- is in Korean ... a language I can not read . I have to wonder if these are even real Wii remotes . I 'll have the recipients test them out on Christmas and return if we run into problems , but I have no idea why I was sent these knock-off looking remotes -LRB- though they did come in boxes ... also in Korean -RRB- instead of what I thought I was paying for .
 I specifically ordered this model as a gift because it was pictured in the authentic , original packaging . It arrived in a brown cardboard box and in a small plastic bag . I have no idea whether or not this is actually a Nintendo product .
 Like other reviews ; I received a cheap Chinese knockoff . Mine came with instructions , but the only word -LRB- or symbol for that matter -RRB- that I can read is `` Wii '' and `` White '' . Wish I had seen the negative reviews first .
 bought this as second remote , but it has loose connection with battery . If we insert Battery and close the battery cover , it stop working . Again i need to hold the battery to make it to work ... never expected this quality for this branded product . Otherwise , i liked the Wii and Amazon serviceI will be getting replacement within a weeks time
 I bougth this item with a some others products from Amazon , it worked for 3 hours and that 's it . It 's expensive to send it back to USA and now I have to buy another one.Someone should take more control about quality of the products and do the process of complains easier .
 In April 2010 I purchased a new Wii controller from ECOSHOPPING via Amazon.com . It was hardly used at all and in July I noticed that it did n't work . I 've tried rechargeable and new alkaline batteries and it 's just plain dead , no lights , nothing . With shipping , I think this controller was about $ 27 , which was a pretty good deal at the time , but not for lasting only about 4 months of very little use . I recently contacted ECOSHOPPING who finally replied only to say that I should have contacted them within `` half a month '' of the purchase for them to help , otherwise they would do nothing . Of course , the controller was still working after `` half a month '' . Anyway , my advice to Amazon shoppers is to keep ECOSHOPPING in mind and ask yourself if you want to take the chance spending your hard-earned money on extremely poor quality , but cheap products . I know I wo n't . Remember , you usually get what you pay for .
 As another reviewer posted , I 'm convinced that a lot of the reviews on this product -LRB- which date back to 2006 -RRB- are either fake or for another product / OEM version of this WII REMOTE.The remote I received was not as pictured here , although it did come in packaging that had a WII pictured on it . The box -LRB- naturally -RRB- was just cardboard with out any type of seal to show that it 's '' new '' . Inspecting the `` new '' remote showed visible dirt and grim / fingerprints / scratches -- and the plastic cover that it comes with smelled like the cheapest rubber available -LRB- not the real hard kind that is meant for these controllers -RRB- The port at the bottom of the controller is also rusted / dirty -- not the typical gold plated connector one sees in a true WII-REMOTE . I wish I had spent the time to read the bad reviews before buying this -LRB- I figured , oh hey there are SOOO many 5 star reviews this item must be legit ... well I was wrong ... Luckily it was sold through amazon so I 'm returning it and expect to get my money back hassle free . Just still quite a pain ... DO NOT BUY THIS FAKE PRODUCT unless you plan on as others put it -LRB- having it die in a few months -RRB- or better yet ... get cancer from the shoddy materials used that have n't passed any kind of inspection.BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Epic ? Does it work ? I do n't even know . I do n't own a Wii system . Bought this as part of a gift . In the picture display , it shows the item in Wii packaging/box . What I received was a control wrapped in thin cushion wrap . How do you give a gift that looks like it 's been used . Where is the box packaging ? This is misleading advertising .
 I bought this product as an extra remote after getting my wii about a year ago . I have hardly used this remote at all , as I lived by myself until recently and just used the original one all the time . Now that I live with my boyfriend , we tried to fire up the old wii and guess what ? The extra remote does n't work . It wo n't even turn on . It wo n't work with the rechargeable batteries or with regular batteries . I found it incredibly strange that the other remote had been through the same down and storage time and still works perfectly so I compared them and noticed that the font of the A button and the shape of the home icon on the home button very very subtly different . I google faked wii remote and have found images and articles showing me exactly the cheap counterfeit remote with the same issues that I had . Amazon says they get them from official nintendo suppliers but they are being lied to and we are getting screwed . I 'm very unhappy with Amazon on this one , especially because I am a prime member and buy from amazon for anything I need .
 It 's not a good remote control ! Once I receive the package , I feel bad because It seems that the envelop with the remote is loosen and can be openned easily without using scissor . After opened it , it is wrapped with a zip bag . I do n't care about the wrapping.the most important thing is IT 'S NOT WORKING ! Never buy the remote control from this company
 Came fast and in brand new packaging . I bought 2 and unfortunately neither one of them worked . Thankfully the return process was fast and easy .
 I just noticed it the other day , as I havnt really looked at them closely but the Wii Controller I got from Amazon is a knock off.It has all the same markings , but you can tell by the power , home and A buttons that this was a knock off . Hopefully it will lastlong than some peoples remotes on here .
 I received the controllers , and they came not with the box , but with a printed note wrapped around it , saying there was no box , and hence the cheap price . If I was getting these for myself , I would n't have minded , but these were a gift . They need to WRITE IN THE DESCRIPTION THAT THEY DO NOT COME NEW IN BOX . This will alert future buyers from being let down . Otherwise , the product is great .
 It was an old model . A really old model . Thats what I get for trying to get used remotes instead of new ones .
 Increiblemente solo funciono por 10 minutos . Despues ni siquiera enciende.Nunca pense que me sucederia esto con un producto supuestamente nuevo
 this is advertised as an oem Nintendo controller . . it is a fake . unfortunately i learned how to tell the differenct too late to return it by 4 days ! it is unreliable unless within 5 feet . jumps all over the screen . the kids make it work , but the seller is not truthful here .
 this wii remote was a knock-off , imatation , not made by Apple , It did not work correctly . not able to return .
 Got this thinking we would save $ $ $ $ $ $ But the kids call this the bad remote and never use it unless they have to . It works , but doesn not work as good as the others . Response is slow.I am supprised by the high ratings , we must have got a lemon or as another review says the ratings are fake.Anyway , would have bough more if it worked , but instead will be replacing it with an offical wii remote , I am not going to even try any of the other non-nentendo brand .
 So when I ordered this product it was rather cold outside . As is normal for Christmas . Well the cold damaged the controller so when it arrived it did not work . I ended up going to the local target - paying a couple bucks more and getting one that works . I wish I had just paid the extra in the first place .
 This was a present for my daughter , to supplement her game . It shipped and was received much quicker than quoted , and it works great.Thanks for the great service.D . in Texas .
 I am not sure if this is an authentic Nintendo controller but it has n't worked properly since I bought it .
 I purchased this Wii Remote from Aaron Outlet . The product was described as a third party controller , which I did not know at first . My mistake . When I received the so-called `` New '' Wii remote , it was delivered in a poorly protected bubble wrap envelope . The Wii Remote had the sleeve and the wrist strap already attached , and their was no paperwork or boxes of any sort to be found . Just the Wii Remote in some bubble wrap . So , after putting some battery 's in , all seems well , and then the sound . It was the most horrible sound coming from that speaker , even the vibration made more noise than vibrations . After looking online , I found some comparison websites and decided to compare this remote side by side with my own original Wii remote . And sure enough , I had been sold a FAKE . So , not only was this Wii Remote a piece of trash and a waste of $ 25 . But it was also NOT a third party or new device as stated by this seller . DO NOT , I repeat DO NOT make any purchases from Aaron Outlet . Nothing but scam.I 'd like to add that I did contact them on this matter , and received no reply to this date . I ended up trading this fake remote to Gamestop for $ 14 instead .
 Does n't work on a 64bit system and I do n't believe it will work on a 32 bit but I have n't tried it on my 32 bit machine .
 This software is really dated . Finally got it to work on Windows 7 but the graphics and displays are really bad .
 This game did not work on several systems . I was extremely happy when I got to FINALLY use it , yet when I got to the Elephant Level , it was virtually impossible to complete . I think I may get rid of it . This game is good when you have enough patience and time to complete each level .
 Would n't work on two different systems with Pentium 4 2.8 GHz processors and 2GB DDR Ram , worked for about 30 minutes each time before completely freezing up on a system with a Core2Duo Pentium 3.0 GHz and 3GB DDR3 RAM . No help on the website of the manufacturer . It would be nice if the manufacturer -LRB- Pocketwatch Games -RRB- would put the specs for the system needed to run this game on their website . Until then , I would only get this system if you 're a well-trained IT professional who can diagnose and fix complex software problems . I ca n't .
 I am the primary consumer for my family , meaning that I buy the games for my kids . Since I 'm concerned about content , I usually stick to `` Tycoon '' or other family friendly games . I thought this would be a good game , based on the first review , so I purchased it . Sadly , I was disappointed -LRB- and so were my kids -RRB- . I 'd like to make a couple points :1 -RRB- If you go to the company website , you 'll notice that most people have trouble even installing and running the game . As was the case with my purchase . I personally think some sort of refund or price reduction is appropriate with this poor result , but anyhow .2 -RRB- The game is not educational . As a biologist , I was appalled by the design and content of the game . The object in most levels is to create an uber-herd of animals . No concept of carrying capacity or ecological limits ! I realize this is a game , but it should at least try to be educational if it claims to be , which this one does .3 -RRB- Graphics . I 'm not that into games , but when I did check it out , I did think it was a little dated and poor quality .4 -RRB- Sound . Definately poor quality . My kids had to have me adjust the speakers.Overall - go with something from a bigger company , would be my advice . And do n't believe the hype . This is not a good product .
 they did n't specify os good enough it does n't work on my mothers mac wasted money it needs to specify that this is for older macs
 This game is very boring , and now I see why it was so cheap . I do n't see how anyone can be entertained by something so unimaginative and monotonous .
 Do n't waste your money on this game . As a previous poster said , there is no strategy and it 's so boring ! I am returning it tomorrow !
 Alright . So , the review that prevailed on me to quiet my inner doubts that gives this game a good rating was way off . Let me break it down why :5 -RRB- Educational value - this should be one . Since there is no strategy , there really is no value to playing the game . Moreover , there was nothing educational about the game . You learned nothing about the ecosystem , or really anything about sustaniable growth . In fact , I 'm putting this as my new number # 1 . Ok , back to the original order .1 -RRB- Thinking
 Pure garbage . Your $ 50 would be better spent on a Knights of the Old Republic or any other software where the developers actually removed the bugs before shipping . This game is full of bugs and crashes frequently . My computer is a P4 2.6 Ghrtz with a top-of-the-line NVIDIA -LRB- 128mb -RRB- video card , so I know the crashes were n't the result of my system . If you decide to play , be sure to save every 3 minutes and be prepared to replay your game over and over again . There is an update available , but it did n't seem to matter ... the crashes were all the more frequent after the update , especially in Fangorn Forest .
 To start with , I am rating this as I could judge from playing the demo . My computer is lagging behind the recommended requirements now -LRB- I only have a nVidia TNT2 -RRB- , but I really could n't even play with the lag I experienced . Vivendi is supposed to make its Lord of the Rings games based on the book . However , the first dwarf mission , finding a secret weapon from the Battle of the Five Armies , is pure crap . If it did n't have multiplayer , I would have given it one star . War of the Ring does n't even have a map editor . This game is too similar to other RTS games , and does n't match up to them in features .
 Well , in this age of games like Morrow Wind , Final Fantasy XI , Dungeon Siege etc , and given the history -LRB- and hype -RRB- surrounding Hollywoods destruction of a wonderful piece of work , -LRB- Tolkiens writing -RRB- you would think that this game would be incredible.You would be wrong.This game is played exactly like a certain game by Microsoft that comes standard with Windows XP Home.The main difference being that this game seems like it was done by Disney , both the graphics and the dialog , and that isnt a compliment.In the first tutorial you are faced with a Cave Troll , and an Elf.They are your instructors.I will call the cave troll Donald , and the elf Goofy.Any resemblance to those characters in the Trilogy is lost on me.You are instructed to `` gather resources '' and build buildings , You are shown how to make workers to do that.You build a building and it produces `` Swordsmen of Gondor '' , right click on the over-view map on the red dot that is the enemy and as long as you made a bunch of swordsmen , they go and kill the enemy.I also received Neverwinter Nights Gold last week.Comparing the two games is like comparing Pac Man and Dungeon Siege.They both have challenges inherent to play.Pac Man can be a challange -LRB- ? -RRB- as can Dungeon Siege.I prefer Dungeon.Out of all of the games I mentioned , I would put my money in Neverwinter Gold , or wait a month -LRB- ? -RRB- for Dungeon Siege II.Now , this game does have its merits I suppose , if you like Pac Man , but if you really want a game that does what this one claims to , and if you like Dungeon Siege , most importantly , if you know who said `` never meddle in the affairs of wizards , for they are subtle and quick to anger '' , then installing this game will be a definite disappointment.Vivendi should heed the latter quote , and stay out of the affairs of thier betters ...
 If you do not have an updated system , meaning the top of the line . Such as memory , hard drive , video card , etc. . Then this game will not play on your computer . It did n't play on mine .
 This game is not even close to what it could have and should have been . If you check out the reviews in any of the major gaming magazines they will tell you the same . Unfortuneately , I purchased the game before I read any of those reviews . The game runs on a two year old battle realms engine that is badly outdated , thus , the gameplay and overall experience does not even compare to that of Warcraft 3 , or command and conquer games . The charchters are severely lacking in detail and this game is overall a big letdown , buy warcraft 3 instead !!!
 this game is not worth the pirce ! the campagin is comepletly random battles jumping from third age 1000s to thirda ge 3000s , the population limit is tiny ! the troll stonehurlers are as a strong as a gondor swordsman ! the riders of rohan have flails ! no mumakil ? dwraves?dwarves are n't fighinting for the free peoples !
 You need the latest hardware for this game . I 've P4 1.4 GHz with 256M of memory - it is not enough . Motions are jerky - 20 frames per second . Graphics are lacking in details and appears to be 2D animated figures . I expected this game to be like Age of Mythology or AOE.The software piracy routine sometimes prevents the game from booting . Takes a while to boot up not sure if it 's buffering the startup movies or something .
 Alright , so the Lord of the Rings series is a big francise . We got movies , video games , costumes , websites going on and Battle for Middle earth which looks awesome . Now War of the Rings , I hate the grapics first and foremost . I mean they were absolutely terrible ! Then , no original voiceovers from the movie ! Sierra was to busy writin ' a `` great '' review for the release . But whats the point if we do n't have good voiceovers . I must admit , that some of the units for all of them were neat like the trolls and Rohan horsemen , and I loved the blood and powers you could choose . But , I hated the opening movie and the storyline . It was hardly even like the movie ! In short terms , I hated War of the Ring for the PC ! - Game Dude
 Well , for all of you cube-fanatics , this is a must get . The graphics are HORRIBLE !!! Oh-no , the rohan rider 's head is square !!! He has been deformed at birth !!! Wait , what was that ? Oh , my mistake , his head is square on purpose -LRB- do n't ask me why -RRB- . Nothing in this game is round at all . Blizzard-nerds were too busy drawing the cover to actually make good graphics . Poor little Bilizzard entertainment was too poor to come up with money to get a permit to use New Line Cinema 's character photos . So instead they come up with all of these square representations instead .
 The War of the Ring has a good theme - you can either control the forces of good or the forces of evil and try to take over Middle Earth . It is about the Lord of the Rings books - not the movies . Unfortunately , that is where the compliments end . I have a Pentium 4 , 2 Ghz computer yet the game is constantly freezing , looks fuzzy and takes 2-3 seconds for your mouse clicks to register . It also has long loading times and only two types of resources -LRB- ore and food -RRB- . Just to make matters worse , 90 % of the game is waiting for things to get built or resources to be collected . Just a warning to anyone out there who has n't bought this game - DO N'T waste your money or else you 'll find out it is a sadly disappointing game yourself . Jeremy Smith , Age 11
 What the heck ? Where 's the second half of this game ? Okay , so it 's cookie cutter ... okay , so it 's a year-or-two late Warcraft 3/Battle Realms love-child ... okay , so the graphics are cartoony . Why does the game end where it does ? It looks like they took half the missions out of the good campaign !! After some interesting `` prequel missions '' that take place before the books , you hop right into a mission with the whole fellowship at Lothlorien , battle at Helm 's Deep , and fight a couple of extra-canonical battles . *** BUT *** there 's no Moria , no Minas Tirith , no Return of the King events at all . Even more perplexing , Moria even appeared in a development screenshot I saw , but NOT in the game I purchased -- the only FOTR event is a fictitious battle in Lothlorien -LRB- where golden trees drive orcs `` mad '' ? -RRB- . There 's no Emyn Muil -LRB- is that where the first book ends ? -RRB- so you 'll lose Boromir with no explanation . Faramir shows up for 1 battle and that 's it . The hobbits also show up for 1 mission -LRB- almost without purpose -RRB- . What 's even more perplexing is that the overhead map , that lets you choose where to fight , displays locations you 'll never get to ! It shows a tiny little Isengard , a tiny little Minas Tirith , a tiny Mt. Doom and Barad-Dur , and what looks like Elrond 's house . You 'll never see any of these . It seems odd that they 'd go outside of the books for extra material , but not include the most interesting parts that are ALREADY THERE for them to do . Just plain weird . I do n't know if it feels thrown together or rushed or what , but there 's no excuse for making up a bunch of odd extra-canonical missions -LRB- after Helm 's Deep Aragorn captures Minas Ithil ? -RRB- and leave out the most interesting stuff.The only thing I can think of comapring this to would be a game based on Star Wars Ep . 4 , that includes lots of story about Luke 's childhood but ends with him rescuing Leia and completely ignores the big space battle at the end . It seemingly aims to strike `` around '' the material covered in the books and avoid the actual events from the story -LRB- which is what we 're paying for , right ? -RRB- . It just leaves you asking `` why ? '' and looking for a better game .
 An unoriginal effort to quickly package the LOTR into a lame RTS engine . I am a big fan of Tolkien and a big fan of strategy games , and this satisfies my hopes in neither of those categories .
 Product shipped very late and untimely , the CD never worked on my PC as decribed with tons of strange error messages . Too bad I really love LOTR . But this item may have been defective by the vendor .
 As a Commerce student in the last year of my B. Comm . degree , watching a company do something like this to themselves really makes my head hurt . The first , most basic , fundamental lesson they teach us in second-year Marketing is
 Mythic really messed up a fun game with all of the timesinks they introduced with this expansion . I wo n't reiterate the comments below , but I wanted to post this caveat -- Some of the new artifacts in this expansion are quite overpowered . When players complained about how overpowered one of these artifacts in particular was , Mythic reduced its power . However , they reduced its power so as to make it useless.So if you 're considering buying this expansion , and are willing to spend the hours finding your dream artifact , and the hours sitting around waiting to find the scrolls that activate your artifact , and the hours levelling up your artifact , beware -- it may very well be that Mythic will decide , after you spend all that time , to make your artifact useless .
 DAoC Classic and Shrouded Isles was an excellent combination , where DAoC Classic still had some great exp sites , SI added new PvE content and Items . PvE was well balanced with RvR , in the sense that players could exp for a while and then go to RvR without much trouble . The Items from SI had little effect on RvR.ToA ruined this perfectly balanced relationship of PvE with RvR . ToA turned the game for the casual gamer into a game that is going to be won by the powergamer , for the following reasons : Artifacts
 Trials of Atlantis is dissapointing at the best if you are looking for game content . I have been playing for two years now and left the realms of norrath in everquest to search for a better game ; I thought I had found it in DAOC but with Trials of atlantis it has become everquest revisited . here are a few reasons why .1 . -RRB- The jump in system requirements for the graphics engine . Yes this game has better graphics , beautiful . But , it uses up so many system resources its not funny compared to DAOC.The original everquest was a nice game with decent graphics , but each succesive expansion pack the programmers at verant were determined to show their skill with code , and made this beautiful world , you would have to upgrade your system with every release jsut to keep pace .2 . -RRB- What made DAOC a truly distinctive game was the concept of realm vs realm . All the classes were generally balanced in the beginning makeing it viable to compete on any level . With the advent of Trails of Atlantis it reminds me soo much of Dragon raids among others from Everquest its not even funny . At least verant made its expansion packs scaleable to level with new releases . TOA has failed miserably in this aspec as you need large groups of lvl 40 + charactres to complete a master level . On a further note , there are several long standing issues with the classes that have severly unbalenced the concept of r v r. Everything from buffbots -LRB- which is not in the spirit of the game -RRB- yet mythic allows , to spel crafting system , toindividual class/pathing issues . Trials of Atlantis threatens to further blow this imbalance out of proportion . Well assumeing that it doesnt take poeple the next 4 to 6 months to complete the master levels , compleely disreguarding the new people that come to the game.In everquest there was no realm vs realm it was just who had the biggest baddest gear to kill slay the beast .3 . -RRB- A point similar to the above two . If I wanted to do a strictly player vs environment game I would have never left Everquest in the first place . This game has started to kill the very base that people switched from everquest in the first place.The only real reason for me to stay in the game right now is to hang with the few friends I have in DAOC who have not closed or sold thier acounts . Its my sincerest hope that either this game gets back to the heart from which it was formed or something similar but better comes out . Its also my hope that with all of the recent patches with Trials of Atlantis tha have come out , that for the next release that Mythic be more comprehensive with its Software quality assurance program , lest players pay for its mistakes.One last note , there is a post on DAOC Catacombs in the necromancer section saying `` Help they are trying to Ruin TOA '' . Reguardless of the suggestion of the sugesstion in the post . I have to be totally honest on this one based off my own expereinces as well as my experiences of my friends in this game . Have a great day and think twice about bying this one .
 There are currently WAY too many bugs in this expansion pack . Patches will fix them , eventually , maybe . The enhanced graphics are nice , if your system can handle them , but it certainly is n't worth $ 25 . I 'd wait for the price to drop to $ 10-15 . Dark Age of Camelot is still superior to other MMORPGs currently on the market , and the upcoming FREE expansion should keep it that way for at least the next year . Just do n't be too anxious to get your hands on an expansion that is still basically being tested .
 If you are just starting this game , this expansion pack is most definitely not for you . You can not start Trial 1 until you are level 40 . Frankly , if you go to TOA before you are 50 , you will end up losing alot of gold and xp . I have several level 50 's and die frequently in TOA . The main reason * NOT * to get this expansion is that you will be extremely frustrated . You will not be able to find a group to help you complete the trials . Why ? Because they have all moved on to the higher level ML 's . No one . . I mean NO ONE . . is going to repeat any trials or help you complete them . So all in all , you 're paying for a slight graphic upgrade . The trials themselves are worthless . You need HUGE groups to complete them and if you are somewhat casual gamer , you wo n't get them done for all the reasons I stated above . This expansion turned a nice game into a horrible game . Many people are leaving due to this expansion . I would not recommend it .
 This controversial expansion changed an excellent game into an unbalanced mess . Much of ToA is built on group puzzles for Master Levels and `` camping '' for objects such as artifacts and scrolls -LRB- which you need to activate the artifacts -- phew ! -RRB- . The group puzzles are sometimes fun , but often frustrating if your group does not have the ideal combination of classes . Spawn times for `` boss '' monsters compound an already frustrating experience . Often you will just have to sit and wait ... and wait ... and wait ... and wait some more until the boss mob magically appears . God forbid any key member of your group should need to depart in that period of time . If that happens , you are screwed . That 's not to mention the poor people who have real life obligations -LRB- imagine ! -RRB- and can not devote 24/7 to a game . If you can not invest a minimum of 4 consecutive hours per session , you will have difficulty accomplishing much in ToA.Obtaining artifacts is even less fun . First , you have to `` camp '' a monster type to get the items necessary to activate the artifact -LRB- called scrolls -RRB- . This involves idly killing the same monster after monster , hours on end , hoping the random number generator rolls your way . Then , after you obtain the artifact , you have to level the artifact , often by killing a different monster repeatedly . Boring!Some people will enjoy this timesink . Unfortunately , those who just want to RvR will be impacted by the new items and master levels . Without these things , you will not be able to compete . DAoC has changed from casual-gamer friendly to hardcore only . Unless you are a serious hardcore gamer who has hours and hours of free time , I do not recommend this game .
 ======= Positives : ======= -- Very pretty -- the undersea world is a real MMO standout -- Some Good PvE content -- certain encounters challenging & fun if you enjoy PvE -LRB- However , if you are a pure pVe fan , you 'd be a fool to leave Everquest . -RRB- ======== Negatives : ======== Please refer to many of the other reviews here.Basically Mythic copied much of the * horrible * aspects of EQ
 Toa added a few positive things to Daoc no question.Great graphics , nice races , very cool looking armor/weapons . However those can not even begin to compensate for the mess all the negatives made of it.Do you like sitting at a camp for 4 + hours waiting for a mob that will require a fg to kill to spawn ? Did I mention he will despawn in 20 minutes ? Did I mention that even if you do kill this mob he 's not guaranteed to drop the item which you are camping him for anyways ? I forgot to mention you 'll need to spend countless hours farming the same mobs for scrolls to activate the item the rare spawning lvl 70 mob MIGHT drop . Dang , I forgot about the countless hours you will now have to spend killing only female mobs to get all the abilities of said item once you are able to activate it . Daoc used to be pretty casual gamer friendly . Xp would be slow but you could still do it at your own pace . You did n't need to be online for 4 + hour stretches and could get your character to lvl 50 and rvr ready relatively easily.Now , mythic adds an expansion with abilities only atainable on long drawn out raids requiring multiple groups . They add artifacts which many are gotten from mobs with long spawn times , are not guaranteed to drop the artifact , and require a fg or more to kill . The artifact also requires scrolls which vary from very common to you could spend a week farming the mob that drops them before you get one . Then you must level the artifact and some of these have ridiculous requirements . Some only lvl off of primitive enemy races , meaning you have to kill trolls and kobolds to lvl it . Some only level in Darkness Falls , a dungeon your not guaranteed access to , and it has to be night time while your in df on top of that.I know this is a power gamers wet dream especially since these MLs and artifacts give you very powerful balance altering abilities . How about a shield proc that absorbs 200 melee damage for you . A proc that turns your enemy into a scarab . A proc that debuffs your enemies armor absorption 18 % and returns that 18 % to you ? If your a casual gamer or someone starting new in Daoc do n't even bother . With lvling to 50 , farming artifacts , Mls , lvling said artifacts , WoW will already be out and you can start on the same lvl as everyone else .
 Many of Dark Age of Camelot 's subscribers first started as refugees from other MMO games , getting away from such things as resource contention , massive timesinks , poor customer service , and game imbalance . Who knew that their latest expansion , Trials of Atlantis , would introduce such hated facets into their once wonderful game.One of my most hated things in such games is the fight over limited resources . Whether it be a special monster for that must-have item , or just finding a place to hunt , fighting over other players over this just is n't fun . Mythic 's original quest system was great , since credit is awarded to everyone in the group . Unfortunately , much of Atlantis ' items , known as Artifacts , are on the sort of rare-spawn-rare-drop table only the most masochistic players could endure . If that was n't bad enough , you have to do this three additional times for scrolls to even use an artifact . Let 's not forget about the master levels , which have multiple groups of players competing for the same spawn . Result ? Instead of players working together for the realm , we have them bickering over who took what wrongfully.An important feature of such games is the ability to play for a short time and feeling you 've accomplished something . Not so with TOA . Many master level trials require gathering 4 or more full groups to dedicate at least 4 contiguous hours of their time . Ca n't devote that much ? Then you 'll just get left behind . Think master levels are not for you ? Then do n't expect to perform well in PVP combat.To add insult to injury , the once acclaimed customer service has taken a dive . Many of the quests , artifact encounters , and master levels have had problems since the start . After waiting at least 10 hours to contact customer service , you are most likely going to be told that you are out of luck , and receive a form email saying the same.Realm abilities were bad enough for game balance , but throw Atlantis into the equation and watch out . From the stealth lore ability that effectively nullifies a spec line for seven classes , to the master level ability grapple that puts players totally out of fights , it is a mess . Mythic really needs to provide even footing for all players ; nobody wants to feel useless.It really is a shame to see such a good game ruined by an expansion , especially one that is a `` must-have '' to advance further . Fortunately there are some promising new titles coming up .
 I 've played DAoC since it 's release . i had a great time - original RVR was a lot of fun , and my friends and i could always find a new distraction to keep us occupied . trials of atlantis , coupled with the updated new frontiers ruined DAoC . atlantis is centered around gaining artifacts , earned through absolutely tedious encounters that often require several groups of players . then , you still need to collect three scrolls to activate the artifact - these drop randomly from some creatures , calling for camping toa mobs endlessly . some of these artifacts are so overpowered that they 've made players who do n't get them obsolete . also , player crafted armor and particularly weapons have taken a serious blow . they ca n't compete with the perks on toa drops and artifacts . this expansion has pushed many original players , like myself , to walk away .
 If you 're thinking about playing daoc , buy the platinum edition , it includes all the expansions currently available for $ 29 . xx and you wo n't regret it . If you 've already bought gold or classic , you do n't need to even think about ToA until you 're close to level 40 . -LRB- for those of you who have n't played , levels top out at 50 -RRB- If you are a casual player -LRB- have a life , or do n't have time/money to level 2 + accounts to 50 -RRB- do n't add ToA on , it 'll be months before you see any benefit , and it 's just not that fun . The rest of the game is very enjoyable , and you do n't need this annoyance to enjoy it . Good graphics though , and it has a slightly upgraded standard interface .
 Have several level 50 toons , and got this expansion because as many have said it 's a `` must have '' in order to survive in RvR - the main/only `` end-game '' to DAoC.Main reason I do n't use it anymore is they enormously sacrificed performance for eye candy . Using a 3Ghz , 1M , Nvidia system it 's still a totally porked out lag-fest . Just try walking through Camp forest without looking at the ground and you 'll probably lag all the way to Sauvage before you rubber-band back.I only load ToA to assist guildy 's with their quests , then go back to the much more fun and much faster SI engine for regular game play.I 'd only recommend this xpack to well developed characters . New players do n't need it and would cause more frustration than fun . If your new to the game , get SI and have a blast . When you 're 50 , get ToA to do the quests , then go back to SI to enjoy the game again .
 DAOC used to be a good game . Read these reviews and many will agree . With the introduction of TOA , Mythic -LRB- nerf-champs -RRB- has completely ruined DAOC . See the 1.5 star average ? That is because so many people are ticked off at TOA they quit and came here to warn potential buyers . People are leaving this game daily with more to leave soon . Do not buy TOA . Do not buy DAOC as you will never -LRB- I repeat , Never -RRB- complete any of the trials because once people have them done , they would rather stick a fork in their eye than help you do them again . Stay far far away . Wait for World of Warcraft or EQ2 .
 This expansion took what was left of a possibly good game , and ruined any chance of DAOC ever being balanced . It 's just another time sink that 's now an absolute requirement to be able to play the game like you used to . In the past , casual players and die hard gamers could compete somewhat evenly in realm warfare , but that idea is completely dead with this expansion . If you do n't put in countless hours getting the new items and abilities only offered with this expansion , you are at a significant disadvantage . You also have to go through and put in all that time for _ every single one _ of your characters if you want to stay competitive . Do n't waste any more time on this game , it 's just going to go more downhill from this point on .
 This expansion has killed the game for me and a majority of my friends . I ' v been playing since release , I beta 'd SI and have many level 50s . I played TOA for a few days , and cancelled my account . There is so much wrong with this expansion its not funny . It was never needed , the game had tons of unused content , yet this bug fest of overpoweredness PvE ` ness has turned the game into a shell of what it once was.Let me give you a little look at how good ToA is , SINCE RELEASE , Mythic has spent every single day pathing , hot fixing , and fixing the bugs in ToA . To this day the bugs are rampant and patches are 90 % bug fixes.Mythic has gone downhill . They are by far one of the worst MMORPG companies . Dont buy this , you 'll save alot of money .
 DAoC was a great game until ToA came along . If you are even considering buying this expansion pack , or the game itself , read the rest of the reviews here on Amazon . They 're not too far from the truth . Its amazing how Mythic lost touch with their game and customer base . BIG disappointment !
 I have been playing Dark Ages of Camelot for two years . The game has been an addiction for me -- that is until the release of the Trials of Atlantic expansion . Mythic has failed on many fronts with this add-on . First it should have been a venue for longtime players of the game to find a fresh environment in which to play . Unfortunately it misses this target badly and has caused extreme frustration with the older player base . The expansion introduces a new graphics engine and customizable user interface , but those are the only two good things about it . It is extremely and painfully group intensive and provides very long time sink camps -LRB- a la EverQuest -RRB- . Travel within the new zones is by boat and very , very time consuming and frustrating . For those who play on low populations servers , many of the ` goodies ' available in the expansion are unavailable because of the inability for players to meet the demanding grouping requirements . Mythic has somewhat admitted they missed the mark with Trials of Atlantis with postings by Matt Fior , Design Manager , at the Dark Ages of Camelot web site . I am not sure that they are going to be able to effectively address the problems that ToA has introduced to the game before the player base has suffered a very large erosion . Personally I feel that this expansion marks the beginning of the end for Dark Ages of Camelot . I know it has for me .
 If you go the the website ` Camelot Vault ' , read some of the message boards . There is a moderator there who is typical of Mythic . His name is Amodin and he posts 6000 times in 1 year and play DAOC and has no life . I would not recommend this expansion one bit . Ca n't reach here can you , Amodin ? The guy is a complete Moron .
 title says it all . what differentiates daoc from eq is it 's pvp focus . this expansion takes all of the 60hr + timesinks eq and and adds buggy untested items as your reward for blowing 1.5 weeks of work .
 Lots of other reviewers have already pointed out this expansion 's bugs & problems ... & they are not exaggerating in the slightest.After two years of playing DAoC , this expansion , combined with Mythic 's unwillingness & inability to fix long standing existing bugs/balance issues , finally caused us to cancel our family 's three accounts ... & it was probably long overdue.Avoid DAoC at all costs , as most of the players left in the game still hanging on are the least desirable elements left in the online gaming community -LRB- powergamers , ... kiddies , etc -RRB- . Almost everyone with any sense has already jumped ship ... & await upcoming MMORPG game releases that will hopefully be treated better by their creators than Mythic has treated poor DAoC . Trust me , ToA is only one of many reasons to now avoid DAoC .
 This exp pack ruined a good game , unreal how a company can make such a huge mistake after a good track record .
 When I first started playing DAoC it was great . But This xp pack does not help at all it makes it so to compete you have to buy it otherwise in rvr you will be decimated . So mythic is just finding ways to get more money
 It 's beyond my comprehension how anyone can shill this abomination unless they are a mythic employee.You 've already seen the complaints , let me assure you they are not ill founded . Mythic is totally out of touch with its player base . For two years I played this -LRB- formerly great -RRB- game , had 50 's in all realms , and tried to get my friends involved.Now I 'm telling everyone to run , not walk , away from this game.DAOC is nothing but an exercise in futility now . Wait for World of Warcraft and save yourself a lot of time , money and unnecessary pain .
 I am going to make this short and concise . Mythic released its dark age of camelot game two years ago . It was touted as being the next great mmmorpg . For a while it was . Everyone was extremely excited to get into the game , level up and then go rvr . Mythic marketed the game as an rvr centric experience . Their website and the games box were filled with neat information bits about the fight to defend your realms . Two years and two expansions later the game has just become an everquest clone . There is absolutely zero depth to rvr . All you can do is farm realm points day in and day out . Granted , farming realm points is a very fun thing to do , but now with the release of trials of atlantis you are REQUIRED to participate in pve . You fall too far behind the curve if you lack important artifacts and items.I really cant in good conscience recommend dark age of camelot to anyone anymore . Mythic took a great game concept and completely screwed it up by catering to people that wanted a pve experience . If people want pve they should go play everquest . Dark ages of camelot pve is by far one of the worst pve games out there.If you are interested in moving to a new mmorpg i would highly suggest you either stick with whatever you are playing or wait for the next generation of mmorpg 's on the horizon .
 I 've been playing DAOC since it was released , and considered it the best MMORPG to be released so far.Then comes TOA . Very EQ-like PvE , there 's no more flexibility that made classic DAOC so good , you need to do all these trials and equipment hunts with very demanding group requirements . If you do n't like it , maybe you 're just not interested in zerging these super mobs , or play offpeak , on an underpopulated server , or too briefly to be able to find good solid balanced groups or small armies ... too bad.What really makes that terrible though is that it ruins RvR . Now , if you 're the unfortunate type not to benefit from TOA 's rigid progresssion system , that 's depressing enough , but also , your character wo n't be up to par anymore . You can still do fine running with zergs , that 's a great equalizer , but it 's not much consollation for those of us who just hate feeling gimped like that . It really killed the game for me .
 If you are looking for additional stuff for DAoC for the casual gamer , do n't waste your money . The only thing that makes this expansion even remotely worth it is the new graphics . The content stinks , Master Levels are impossible for small groups and if you do n't have a level 50 char , do n't even bother going . Most groups wo n't take chars lower than 50 . All in all , if I had it to do over , I would not buy this expansion .
 Camelot was a fine game . The game was geared so that a normal players or fanatics could compete on an even playing field and enjoy the game whether they played for an hour or 8 . This expansion pack has introduced an environment that is totally unenjoyable to the casual player and has replaced ` tedious and time consuming ' tasks for what was once fun . You will need the expansion pack in order to compete . . however my idea of fun is n't time sinks .
 Great Graphics is is why ToA gets 2 stars intead of 1 . It took me a very long time to get a character to 50 . But once I got to RvR it was well worth the time . Fun still just not near what it was before ToA came out.Guess I could set aside 10 hours to do a ML -LRB- ML = Master Level -RRB- all at once but that would really not be much fun and the game should be fun . Took me 3 months to finish up ML2 because I did 1,2 or 3 sections at a time -LRB- each ML has has 10 sections -RRB- and it is very hard sometimes to get enough people together to help . It 's just to frustrating to go on the ML 's . Even the quest items have to be leveled -LRB- another 10 levels each -RRB- which are far more painful then the ML 's . 1 quest armor item took me from level 44 past 50 just to get the 3 scrolls , get the faction to get the item and then the mind numbing hours it takes to get it to level 10 . So for over 2 months I was playing in one small area of ToA killing the same mobs over and over ! ARGGGGGG !!! -LRB- A very sweet powerful item that is fantastic -RRB- People are showing up in RvR now covered in ToA gear and ML10 . If I just cut out 6 hours of sleep for the next few months I think I can compete in RvR again . Of course as soon as I get the Gear and ML10 Mythic will do another of the ever popular nerfs . Think I will hold off , keep getting my 8 hours sleep , check back in in a few months and see if I will ever play this game again . GL all u diehards .
 DAoC player for over 2 years here . Cancelled due to ToA.Basically introduced camping , massive PvE raids requiring long hours , hundreds of hours spent farming and XPing artifacts , MLs that are buggy , and increased the gap between the haves and have-nots . DAoC separated itself from the other MMORPGs with it 's outstanding Realm vs. Realm setup . It 's more than just crude playerkilling . It 's a very compelling end game . ToA threw it out of balance due to many of the items and ML abilities that were n't easy for average players to attain . Effectively extending the PvE grind hundreds/thousands of hours post level 50 . ouch.If you like PvE , you probably were n't playing this game in the first place and were playing EQ instead . This expansion is a poorly attempted ripoff of EQ that fails on so many levels , the worst being that it actually hurts Camelot 's defining feature ; RvR.Stay away from this one at all costs.p.s . not n00b friendly . If you are n't an existing DAoC player , this expansion offers no reason whatsoever for you to join up .
 I started playing Dark Age of Camelot shortly after release . Since that time Mythic has undergone many changes - bad changes . Once EA bought out Mythic and laid off about 80 % of their customer service staff and replaced them with a outsourcing firm . The game has become horrendous . To compare with another well known MMO - World of Warcraft . Mythic/EA falls considerably short compared to Blizzard.For example , I have had several customer service interactions with both Blizzard and Mythic . Blizzard reacted to my issues concerned , empathetic , communicative , and extremely . Where as Mythic/EA consist of emails from reps that can not speak English and have a total disregard to your question . When you finally get a actual Mythic/EA rep they either claim to have very little power to assist you or they are flat out unwilling to do so . Under cases such as ; Guild Functions , stuck characters , harassment issues , account recovery , graphic errors , and one of the most troubling player hacking . To highlight a few of these cases , lets first take Player Hacking.Several players have been complaining about this for years . Hackers use speed , buff , map hacks to destroy everyone 's gaming experience but their own . Proof of these encounters including screen shots have been sent to Mythic/EA by players for several years but these hackers still log on everyday like everyone else . Able to exploit the game over and over with little to no disciplinary action . To compare with Blizzard , Blizzard goes out of its way to stop hackers immediately and quickly located/eliminate the exploit.Next highlight , stuck characters . If your character gets stuck in a wall or falls in the floor -LRB- which happens a lot -RRB- then I do not envy your pain . This has happened to many friends , guilders , and myself several times . Sometimes you will get lucky and the / stuck feature will be able to get you out but this rarely happens . If you 're lucky and appeal it a Dev will get you out in about 3-5 hours and remember that is if you are lucky . Most players are stuck for several days . Anywhere from 3-5days . Some players including myself got a response from a dev/csr about four days later saying `` We are showing that you character has already been un-stuck . Is there anything else I can help you with ? '' They send this while you are falling through mid air underneath Darkness Falls or Labs by the way . Which is almost as funny as it is sad.Harassment issues - You could have several players harassing you , even threatening to kill you and they do nothing . They just tell you to ignore the player . Well that 's all well and good but Dark Age of Camelot issues free trials without entering a Credit Card number which entitles players to open unlimited accounts - each with a period of 14 days at their whim . But this issue is not address and guilty players again go without even a slap on the wrist.Do not even contemplate playing this game if you are unwilling to play at least two accounts . You have to use a `` Buffbot '' to even be competitive . Buffbots are Buff/Heal classes that are used by players to buff their `` Main Character '' for a distinct advantage in PvP or PvE . If you ca n't afford at least 27.98 a month and that 's not including tax . -LRB- Yes , I said tax . Unlike other MMO 's Mythic/EA tack on a extra dollar amount on their subscriptions . It comes out to almost $ 40.00 USD a month for two accounts . -RRB- Then steer clear of DAoC.The population of Dark Age of Camelot in its prime was 250,000 users . A far cry from Warcraft but formidable non the less . This number is now at roughly 5,000 players and this is on the weekend . A weekly average is about 2,400 . The reason in this vast decline is mostly due to what I have listed above . Also including the support of zerg pvp . Which gives the large population of solo-pvpers a slim to non chance to enjoy this game . You definitely wo n't enjoy it if you are the type of person that dislikes if when enemy players / spit and / laugh at you when eight of them kill you and you are all by yourself . The use of Master Level itemization has destroyed class balancing to favor caster class pvp/pve in all forms . Also a big problem is the lack of a engine/UI upgrades which has drove many players away to greener pastures . Group/Guild options are extremely limited compared to other MMO 's . Services that have been proven to be invaluable to other MMO 's such as character transfers and name changing are non existent . Sure , you can use the feature known as `` Account Splitting '' but it has to be a fresh account with no characters on it and it has to be fully upgraded with current expansion . If you ware a multi-boxer like myself and you want to re-arrange your multi-box combo then you can forget it . All of the above have deterred the majority of the previous Dark Age of Camelot player from any Mythic game . Including Warhammer online which suffers from the same issues . If you enjoy countless headaches from customer service . Deaths and item losses due to bugs that will never be recovered then by all means this game is for you!From a overall perspective from a nine year vet of Dark Age of Camelot this makes me very sad . What was once a cutting edge game in graphics , PvP/PvE , and customer service . Has now become comparable to free server games . If they were to overall their Developer/Customer Service staff . As well as upgrade their UI/Engine and improve on PvP/PvE Balancing . This game could easily be competitive again . Even more so then their supposed giant Warhammer online . But it will never happen . RIP DAoC - Hello , World Of Warcraft .
 Played for 5 or 6 years , 3 accounts . This game died from lack of proper management by its own company . Once a great game now its on its death bed ! Best RVR/PVP game I ever played and I miss the old days and old friends of the early years .
 Just the most horrible expansion ever . Mythic , the makers of Dark Age of Camelot have ruined the game with this expansion . If you do not have this expansion you might as well quit the game since you will never be viable on realm vs. realm fights . With the expansion prepare to spend weeks getting Master Level abilities and Artifacts.Once you have spent the weeks and weeks getting the MLs and Artifacts -LRB- if you can stomach the bugs and unbelievably long camping times -RRB- you will be ... exactly as powerful as you were before Trials of Atlantis to those who have also gotten them.This expansion is a real real real stinker . The only good thing is that it has a very nice graphics update . Aside from that people are so annoyed with Mythic over this expansion pack they are quitting the game in droves .
 I am a serious player of dark age of camelot . It is probabbly my favorite game . I got the game when it first came out and i loved it to death . Then they came out with a new expansion pack called Shrouded Isles . This one seemed to be good because it gave us new classes and players . I had total faith in mythic for bringing me great gaming fun . But now i have lost faith in them once i played this expansion pack . They now have what they call master levels which will take several hours if not days to complete . Its like starting your charactars all over again . i have 2 level 50 's which is as high as the levels go . I had a lot of fun getting them up to that level . But then i went to this new place in the expansion pack and it was horrible . This game was supposed to be based on Realm vs. Realm in which the humans battle the viking type realm and battle the elf fantasy type of lands . So its a 3 way war in special frontiers . That has to be everyones favorite part of the game . Level 50 's like to go there and team up to capture keeps from the enemy and gain realmpoints for doing so . It is a well put together game . This expansion however is not . It 's like Mythic tried to make this game strictly Player vs. non charactar monsters . They need to get an expansion out for improving the frontier battlefields . unless you want to spend 25.00 $ - 30.00 $ for better grapics this game is NOT WORTH IT !!!!! the one positive thing i find out of this game is the special armor that creatures drop in this new area included in the expansion pack . It is not like a regular suit of armor , it has colorful decorations like for kingly type people . That is the only positive thing i can say about this TERRIBLE GAME !
 This game emcompasses everything DAOC players did n't want and hurts or ignores everything DAOC is about .
 The launch of DAoC was beyond words . They seemed to know what a player base wanted ... until they released Trials of Atlantis.Pros
 Reading the review written below this one was rather amusing . The writer seems to think that the reason DAoC
 Long boat rides , additional PvE levelling , large PvE raids , camping a spawn , long spawn times , kill stealing , slow character movement in water , and more . Everquest ? Nope , this is the new Dark Age of Camelot.Mythic appears to be taking DAoC in a direction none of its long-time subscribers are likely to have guessed . One that would move the game away from its RvR roots -LRB- DAoC 's excellent team-oriented PvP -RRB- . This change might have been interesting to me had it been innovative and offered something unique . Unfortunately , most of what I see has the feel of something that 's already been done elsewhere . Combine that with the fact that this expansion offers no new RvR content - no new RvR zones , no new RvR objectives , no new keep floorplans , no new seige equipment - and it gets a very low rating from me .
 This is not so much an expansion as it is a replacement for the previously existing game . Although they said originally that it would not have a huge effect on RvR , Mythic did not tell the truth on that note . If you want to stay competitive in RvR you will NEED to buy this game and invest about the same amount of time you invested in levelling your first lvl50 character . To say that its booring at points would be an understatement . There are 9 `` master levels '' to complete that give you new abilities . At the end of master levels 2-9 there is what they call a `` smell the roses '' component where you must go out into the non-expansion world and endlessly kill creatures you 've fought a thousand times before for `` master level experience `` As another reviewer pointed out , if you intend to get this you 'd better be level 50 already and you 'd better get in now because there are sections of the master levels that require upwards of 30 people -LRB- on my server we have a hard time getting 15 due to lack of population -RRB- to complete , so if you do n't get in with the initial rush you 'll have a very hard time completing them . I 've found that instead of gaming I 've turned into a project manager ... spend two hours just organizing people and times so you can attempt one trial , which by the way , some of them take more than 3 hours . We have reports of one small guild finishing one of the ml2 trials in 5 hours . I spent a week doing this before I cancelled all three of my accounts . Oh ! And as a bonus you get to spend five and ten minutes on a boat every time you want to get to a new island in the expansion . fun fun fun ! I have to admit that the graphics are fantastic though as long as you 've got a great machine , so if you 're the site seeing type of gamer go ahead and buy it . Its also a great buy if you do n't work a full time job and you have huge amounts of time to spend.All I have to say is that I know just over 15 people personally who have cancelled thier accounts so far so make sure you know what you 're getting into before you blow your hard earned money on this.Good luck everybody !
 As many others have previously mentioned , this expansion is mainly for high level players , ranging from level 45-50 . Essentially this expansion deals with the Master Levels , acquiring various artifacts , as well as other drops from the many quests available . . and all these are geared towards helping the player to be supposedly better in RvR . Most of the artifacts and drops do give pretty good bonuses -LRB- good resists against various damage during combat for example -RRB- . Unfortunately , Master Levels are mostly not soloable -LRB- there are 10 levels in the Master Levels , and about 10 tasks to each level
 This is a disappointment for those who expected just a good time and maybe something like SI where you could take any tune and find new places to level . If you like EverQuest , you 'll like TOA because that 's what you 'll be reminded of . Spending 12 hours waiting for certain mobs to spawn and then someone else coming along and killing them.Bugs , the expansion is full of them and / appeal does nothing , a CSR will tell you `` try again '' . One poster states he spent 16 hours waiting for a spawn , did n't get the article , then spent another 16 h waiting for a CSR who told him to do it again.Think you can just ignore all of that ? Well , TOA adds master levels to 50 's and that would give you an advantage in RvR.Thought once you hit 50 you were done with the PvE grind , not with this expansion , this sends you right back to the same thing and you ca n't even do it solo . Many you ca n't even do with a small group . Often you need battle groups with a lotta people and now you have to find them . Oh yes , that 's after you 've spent all kinds of time trying to get where you need to go and then you find you need to wait for hours and hours.Some of your group gets antsy , some just have to get on with real life and leave.The low population servers are out of luck from the beginning , and once you 've done the trials are you going to go back and do them again with your alts ? These trials make epics look like a piece of cake.I do n't understand what this company was thinking , no one at DAoC plays in hopes of finding an EQ or AC environment.DAoC is founded on realm wars and RvR is what draws people to this game . At one time realm abilities were introduced.People racked up realm points that gave them an advantage in RvR HOWEVER they did that while RvR - something that was enjoyable to those who play this game.Moral in the game is low because people are up against the wall to find someone to help with the ML and many people are looking for people to RvR with , but they find most are in Atlantis -LRB- NOT because they want to be-but you 're damned if you do and damned if you do n't . -RRB- Atlantis could have been a lot of fun , it could have held a lot of fun for lowbies and anyone who just wanted new places to level . It COULD have added dynamite quests for all with great rewards.I do n't think the expansion is as bad as the idea of the master levels , and because so many people are upset about that entire idea , people I know are totally disappointed overall.If mythic can pull of the next expansion `` frontiers '' in which they supposedly fix RvR play , they might keep customers , but right now the game is just going downhill and TOA was a shot in the foot .
 Im level 50 , was pretty good in RVR -LRB- RR6L6 -RRB- and now with TOA im realising i have to go through all the pain of leveling items -LRB- ??? -RRB- waiting countless hours to find mobs that drop rare items -LRB- if not bugged -RRB- -RRB- and waste a lot of my RL time waiting to arrive at a certain zone , waiting again to find a group and then pray to get a drop thats even worth of the pain -LRB- if theres anything worth that trouble at all -RRB- . MLs and Artifact levels are a good idea with a bad conception . This game is turning to be a power-gamer game only -LRB- since the ones that wont do it , will be gimped like they were green -RRB- . And the reason why its powergaming ? Cause the majority of the quests out there you wont be able to do them alone , duo or even with a group . Forget solo playing , forget all you ever knew to be sure . Do ML1 quest 1 and 2 , a bunch of artifacts or quests -LRB- that you supposedly can solo -RRB- and thats it , time to waste a lot of time gathering groups and it only gets worse when you go up.Did i mention artifact ? You waste hours or days camping for a item that supposedly drops from a mob , finally you get the item and then be prepared to waste another lot of time getting the scrolls to activate it -LRB- from scathered mobs that rarely drop the scrolls -RRB- and then ... . thens more ... . waste a lot of time leveling that item -LRB- and be prepared cause the best exp comes from good groups - cause the mobs that level them are deep-purple -RRB- Forget the reasons why you left the ever-camping , ever-item of Everquest , your nightmare is here to stay.Beautifull graphics and zones dont make up for a complete waste of RL time . When youre not having fun , its time to ask yourself if its really worth it.And im asking myself already.Avoid like the plague , unless you dont have a RL and are a true EQ life-sucking game fan .
 Let me start with the good part . The graphics engine update is nice looking.Now the negative :1 -RRB- New graphics engine is a memory and processor pig , and may impact your playing experience .2 -RRB- Requires high level characters to do anything . You need to be level 40 to even bother loading the expansion .3 -RRB- Do n't expect to do anything solo . This expansion is all about finding lots of other players to perform the same tasks . Group delays are mind boggling -LRB- hours in many cases -RRB- 4 -RRB- Quests -LRB- and MLs -RRB- are hard and often very frustrating.Over all , if you have money to burn and want the better graphics , then buy the expansion . Just do n't expect the same fun experience in the module as previous offerings from Mythic .
 First of all , unless you buy and account from ebay or have a top level character , this expansion wo n't give you much . This is designed for high level characters and even with that , has several major problems .1 st -RRB- You need about 30 people to advance in the master levels . The trials are so hard and take so long , even when your level 50 with perfect gear and big groups of people , your frustration level may go through the roof .2 nd -RRB- This will have a dramatic impact on the very cool `` RVR '' component of the game . With TOA , dark age has changed dramatically . For example , a breed of fun classes were `` Stealthers '' . TOA introduced an element which destroyed all stealther classes -LRB- 6 of them total -RRB- . If you have DAOC now , you have no choice but to be affected by this XPack .3 rd -RRB- On the good side , underwater is gorgeous ! 4th -RRB- Some -LRB- below 40 % -RRB- of the trial and artifact quests are enjoyable . The others require mass groups huge wait lines for re-spawns and are just plain not fun .5 th -RRB- They put a lot of work in this xpack . The downside is its changing the base game dramatically and while its still new , from what I 've seen , its not changing it for the positive . Who knows what it will be like 5 months from now .6 th -RRB- The game is chuggy on 512 ram ... I added 1 gb and it runs much better.Recommendation
 They managed to take all the things bad about EQ and stick them in one neat expansion . The need for groups . The need to camp spawns . Only one person getting an item from quests.In short all the things I started DAoC for . They seem to have forgotten.Save your money
 Why no option for 0 stars?Trials of Atlantis -LRB- ToA -RRB- should not have been released yet . The expansion is filled with countless broken quests , non-working artifacts , as well as many other bugs and problems . Master Level abilities seem as if they were rushed out the door , as evident by the recent changs to the various Master Level abilites . However the problems do not stop at the game play . Mythic 's poor in-game Customer support further frustrates gamers . It almost seems as if ToA is still in Beta , except it 's an open beta test where you are paying $ 9.99 , plus $ 12.95 a month , to help Mythic test ToA . I 'd say wait it out a few months and wait until the bugs have been worked out , otherwise purchase and invest time at your own risk .
 If you enjoy EQ camping this is the expansion for you ! Riddled with bugs and unbalancing the RvR endgame , this expansion should not have got out the door . There should be a warning label `` Required a large unusually supportive alliance and 40 + hours per week to devote to PvE . '' On the plus side the artwork/models are beautiful and there are some very clever level designs . Unfortunately it takes DAOC in a direction many are unwilling to go . Casual players beware .
 Negatives .1 . Population disparity . Mythic refuses to implement population controls . As a result certain realms drastically outnumber their counterparts . It is n't fun trying to RVR when you 're outnumbered 10 - 1 . When RVR becomes ridiculous due to enemies zerging it is n't fun , when a game is n't fun I do n't play.People should be automatically placed on server/realm which is underpopulated . Their only option would be to indicate which realm they want to play , and the game automatically places them .2 . Class disparity . Mythic has no concept of class balance . Realm abilities are f -- ed . Certain realm abilities are absolutely useless while others are overpowered . It 's taken mythic , from release til now to actually clue in and accept this fact and they claim to plan on changing it with a new `` Frontiers '' expansion.They 've chosen to nerf the hell out of midgard classes , while beefing up albions . They ignore team leaders who provide input on classes , and say results are based on their testing . Pendragon is the test server and on average there 's maybe 12 people on the damn thing . So I 'd like to know just who the f -- is testing these so called class changes .
 Absolutly horrible . Almost everything is bugged quests , master levels , and artifacts . They decided to beta test it on the live crowd i guess . Just try to get some help from a CSR when something goes horribly wrong.Seriously i canceled my accounts and im not comming back unless they do something spectacular . Dont buy this expansion !
 This will do down as the worst expansion in online gaming history . Not only did Mythic -LRB- a -RRB- impart a campfest when they introduced TOA , they alienated a huge portion of their player-base . Many of those people quit . Then , they have angered the remaining loyal who played by Mythic -LRB- a -RRB- 's rules and nerfed the crap out of the Master Levels and Artifacts so that after many many days , they are useless . Please do yourself a favor and wait for World of Warcraft or even Everquest 2 . Do not but this garbage game .
 Master Levels and artifacts sounded fun , but the implementation was terrible . You spend 5 + hours on a raid with your realmmates , who get tired and cranky . By the end of the raid , people are snapping at each other , or worse . Then you do n't receive credit from an encounter that took 2-3 groups and was done flawlessly . You spend 5 + hours online waiting for a customer service rep and you get this form email instead : `` This is in regards to the recent appeal you submitted to in-game support for Dark Age of Camelot . You may view your appeal text below.Unfortunately , In-Game Support is unable to grant encounter credit to players who did not receive the expected credit for that particular encounter . There are several possible reasons this transpired , many times because players are n't meeting certain criteria for the encounter , whether it 's a geographical/locational requirement , an XP/MLXP requirement , one requiring that you 've previously completed prior encounters , etc. . There are also instances where players perform specific actions that preclude them from receiving credit , OR NOT performing certain specific required actions.Additionally , players who have gone linkdead prior to encounter completion can not be awarded credit due to their absence at the time credit is awarded to the applicable group and/or battlegroup , etc.As such , we can not grant any such credit , regardless of the situation . You are encouraged to attempt the encounter again , perhaps rechecking to make sure that you 're meeting the designated criteria.If you feel that an encounter mob is , in fact , bugged , then you are encouraged to submit a detailed -LSB- bug report -RSB- to our Bug Team including all appropriate information . You may also email them at cambugs@darkageofcamelot.com, should you require more space than the text delimiter ingame will allow.We apologize for the inconvenience , and thank you for playing DAoC ! **** Please note
